(Intro: Spice 1) 
 (Drink something, smoke something) [repeated in background] 
 Ay Spi, ay, ay nigga, what happened to that um 
 That old, old, that old school shit you used to kick? 
 (What old school shit?) You know that old school shit nigga that er... 
 That 187 Proof shit nigga, come over here and spit some of that shit 
 (Aight, aight hold on, aight, hold on) 
 (Spice 1) 
 Coolin' on the corner with the cellular phone 
 Now you can tell that the East Bay was his home 
 More mail than the rest of the pushers 
 'Cause he's got a Tech-Nine in the bushes 
 And that's how the shit was handled, first name Jack, last name Daniels 
 Had two boys named E and J, E had the Nine and J the AK 
 Clocked on a street called Henessey 
 Robbers with a motherfucker named O.E. 
 E had a bitch and her name was Gin 
 Who had a nigga named Juice doin' time in the pen 
 You couldn't tell that Gin was a bitch though 
 'Cause she was fuckin' some nigga named Cisco 
 E and J knew tonight they'd come 
 With two fat niggas named Bacardi and Rum 
 The cap jacks hoe and the sight was scary 
 The bitch was all bloody and her name was Mary 
 Officer Martini wiped up the body 
 And all fingers pointed at Rum and Bacardi 
 E and J told Jack the hotel, so Jack tried to bail Juice out the jail 
 But ol' E had the judge on the payroll clout 
 So Jack shot the judge up and broke Juice out 
 And everybody's talkin' 'bout Gin and Juice 
 Juice shot Gin cause the bitch was loose 
 Now E is shook thinkin' they ain't gonna get me 
 I'll round up the posse and call up Mickey 
 Mickey was big, he only sold eight balls 
 Had ninety-nine niggas up against the wall 
 E and J found out he made the call 
 So E and J and Jack and Juice nined them all 
 They were sent to the morgue and Mickey paid the bill 
 Got the money from his bitch reckless Strawberry Hill 
 Jack and Juice said Mickey wouldn't survive 
 But Mickey he was slick he had a Colt .45 
 And now he's wonderin' how he got the word 
 It was the neighborhood wino Thunderbird 
 You wonder how the murder rap got so much juice 
 It was a hundred and eighty-seven proof, check it out [echoes] 
 Drink somethin', smoke somethin', drink somethin', smoke somethin', ROLL IT UP! 
 Drink somethin', smoke somethin', drink somethin', smoke somethin', SMOKE IT UP! 
 Drink somethin', smoke somethin', drink somethin', smoke somethin', ROLL IT UP! 
 Drink somethin', smoke somethin', smoke somethin' smoke somethin', DRINK IT UP! 
 (Spice 1) 
 Mickey sent St. Ides after Thunderbird 
 Time for the Hurricane E said word 
 Thunderbird in an alley waitin' wearin' a beaniy 
 Tryin' to get away from the cop Mr. Martini 
 St. Ides screwed off Thunderbird's top 
 Spilled his drink and gave a swig to the cop 
 But it's too late Martini knows it all 
 Mickey and his boy OD were slangin' eight balls 
 Of crystal to the strawberries on the hill 
 So when he asked for Juice he got a quick fill 
 Mickey had his boy on Bourbon Blocks 
 The murderous cop killer Mr. Pimp and Miss Schnapps 
 Mickey had this thing about nosey cops 
 And it made Mr Peppermint lose his top 
 Martini off duty waitin' for the Night Train 
 Didn't know his wife Champaign would never see him again 
 Peppermint Schnapps creepin' with the Colt .45 
 Gotta peel his cap before the train arrives 
 Gotta stay low in Broward here comes the train 
 All the boys said the engineers is Bartles and James 
 There was a toot from the train and then a gun blast 
 Martini fell on the ground there was a big splash 
 Mr Schnapps got up because the cops chased him 
 St. Ides and Mickey in a 'Vette in front of the station 
 But you know Jack and Juice was undercover 
 Jack was mad because Mickey shot his lover 
 There was big shootout and Mickey got juiced 
 He couldn't hang with the 1-8-7-the-proof 
 They all splattered and St. Ides had took a fall 
 And then Endo smoked 'em all, check it out [echoes] 
 Drink somethin', smoke somethin', drink somethin', smoke somethin', SMOKE IT UP! 
 Drink somethin', smoke somethin', drink somethin', drink somethin', DRINK IT UP! 
 Drink somethin', smoke somethin', drink somethin', smoke somethin', SMOKE IT UP! 
 Drink somethin', drink somethin', smoke somethin', smoke somethin', SMOKE IT UP!