Yeah, the motherfuckin east bay gangster back in the house 
 A.k.a. mr. kill yo' ass 
 187 fac mothafucker 
 Nine-trey 
 G-nut in the motherfuckin house 
 Big john on that goddamn bass 
 I'm 22 with a motherfuckin beer belly 
 Some say I'm a og already 
 When I was young I had the lust to pull the trigger 
 Spice-1 the giggity gangsta nigga 
 Oh shit it's a glock and a clip 
 Put the clip in the glock put the glock by my jock 
 In my neighborhood niggas try to gat ya 
 Better watch out spice-1 is gettin' faster 
 Quick to let the dick hang 
 Listen to this bitch sing 
 Her name is mrs. mossberg I think I'm goin' nuts man 
 Better back up off me g, I think I'm blackin' out 
 And every time I do niggas get bucked in their mouth 
 I keep one in the chamber so I can get you first bitch 
 My nine is at your dome 
 I think I wanna burst this 
 Switchin' personalities to another nigga 
 Spice-1 is the clip ray (?) gangsta is the trigger 
 Soon to meet ya jah steppin' to me posse 
 The 187 is heartless like the ? ? ? 
 Mini me say now me the gangsta nigga with the ak 
 Tryin' to sell ya dayton off the gta 
 Got to get me hustle get me scratch every day 
 Mini me say wa the ma jackin mothafucker slingin' yay 
 Come again now 
 Me me got to get me hustle every day 
 Mini me say wa the ma jackin mothafucker slingin' yayo 
 Bluh! 
 The clip and the trigga the clip and the trigga 
 Them niggas can't deal with the clip and the trigga 
 The clip and the trigga the clip and the trigga 
 Them niggas can't deal with the mothafuckin clip 
 Shoot the heart out the back of a nigga that wanna squab with me 
 187 mothafucka steady mobbin' g 
 Kickin' the gangsta 
 Rollin' down the block smokin' indo 
 Cluckers owe me money what the fuck should I grin for? 
 187 proof 
 187 pure 
 187 up on that ass if you touch the door 
 Of my f-fly blue drop 'stang 
 Rollin' with the top down chitty-chitty gang bang 
 Coke slinger, make the gat sing a 
 Song for the niggas who wanna fuck me in the game up 
 Who the fuck is on a gaffle? 
 Leave your body half-full 
 When the hair-pin trigger pull 
 5-0 try to creep so I ran a 
 Check on my motherfuckin 8-channel scanner 
 Packin' 3 gats nigga with the weed hat 
 Never gettin' feedback slinging yay, speed, crack 
 And anything on the black market 
 Jackin' niggas for their d-dana danes so you better park it 
 The mothafuckin gangsta nigga 
 Spice is the clip ray (?) gangsta is the trigger 
 Chorus (except slight variation) 
 So to meet ya jah steppin' to me posse 
 The 187 is heartless like the ? ? ? 
 Mini me say now me the gangsta nigga with the ak 
 Tryin' to sell ya dayton off the gta 
 Got to get me hustle get me scratch every day 
 Mini me say wa the ma jackin mothafucker slingin' yay 
 Come again now 
 Me me got to get me hustle every day 
 Mini me say wa the ma jackin mothafucker slingin' yayo 
 Ya can't tell me shit about the mothafuckin clip 
 Ya can't say shit about the mothafuckin trigga 
 Them niggas can't fuck with me mothafuckin clip 
 Bluh! 
 Them niggas can't fuck with me mothafuckin trigga 
 Yeah fool 
 9-trey straight gangsta shit 
 Niggas get gatted up 
 Can't fuck with the 187 fac nigga we in your ass 
 Nigga with a gangsta lean 
 Yeah 
 Comin' out the mothafuckin bay area 
 Straight motherfuckin gangsta shit 
 Check it out 
 All y'all real-ass niggas just ride 
 187,000 g