(Theyre all gonna laugh at you) 
 (Theyre all gonna laugh at you) 
 (Hahahahahaha) 
 (Theyre all gonna laugh at you) 
 Enter the mind of a sick nigga. 
 With bloody uzi clips, 
 Decapitated heads in baskets, 
 Closed caskets. Murda on wax. 
 Nigga, that's what it's all about, 
 That's what you bought the muthafuckin tape for. 
 Murda on wax. 
 Redrum. On wax. 
 Nigga, I said, redrum, on wax. 
 Gotta get my prozac fore I go back 
 And murda these muthafuckas 
 Jumpin' up out yo bushes in front a yo house with a tech nine 
 Leavin' in yo spine a flurry a bullets 
 It's that killa S-P-I-C-E 
 A lot a these jealous muthafuckas they wanna murda me 
 But they can't fuck with that giggedy-giggedy-gangsta 
 The nigga that's leavin' they muthafuckin body parts in dumpstas 
 Budda-bye-bye-bye feel them blood clot rastas 
 The niggaz who be out there slippin catch some buckshots to them head 
 Pullin up four deep in an old school caddy 
 Fully auto-maddy 
 Empty the clip, niggaz like paddy 
 In the alley, niggaz domes they cap 
 Pistol whippin muthafuckas, got some blood on my strap 
 What goes on in the mind of a sick nigga? 
 Them bloody bodies, face down in the dirty river 
 What goes on in the mind of a sick nigga? 
 Redrum, professinal gravedigga 
 What goes on in the mind of a sick nigga? 
 Them bloody bodies, face down in them dirty river 
 What goes on in the mind of a sick nigga? 
 187, professinal gravedigga 
 I'm bailin up out the cut and niggaz they don't know what the fuck happened 
 I'm laughin' and blastin, rippin asses in half an 
 Street sweepin these niggaz up under the rug 
 Plug they ass, makin' they hooptie blow up when they crash 
 Zonin out that hash 
 Face down, back open, hopin they ain't no snitches scopin 
 Witnesses witness they own smokin' 
 See it ain't no joke and nothing funny 
 Bustin' caps in yo ass like Yosemite Sam and Bugs Bunny 
 They all see my comin' and then they fled 
 I'm shootin these niggaz off in the backa they head 
 Blowin' off they legs 
 Talkin' shit while they dyin' 
 Fuckin' off they high an 
 Hollow points keepin' these niggaz cold bodies fryin 
 I ain't no stranger to this killin' shit 
 You shoulda thought before you fucked with this nigga you was dealin' with 
 You see I mobs through the ghetto smokin' hash blunts 
 Stalkin game in the streets I grew up in 
 And when the shit get funky I just get on up 
 And blow your head off with a muthafuckin mac 10, bitch 
 You'll be outta this muthafucka like Ron Goldman, chopped the fuck up 
 Ain't no nigga livin' alive that survived 
 And had me caught up in some bullshit 
 Now who you tryin' to fuck up in the hustle 
 This 20 gaugell ripple your ass up like a can a Ruffles 
 I'm tryin' to bubble like Johnson and Johnson 
 With one in the chamber up an I load this strap with a 45 Thompson 
 And we gon see if all that shit is true 
 Comin' up out the bay, guaranteed to be 187 proof 
 You see my bustin' with one hand up on my nutsac 
 Departin domes yellin' out whos the muthafuckin mac 
 It's that red infa, nigga with a hot temper 
 I got your funeral date set up for next September 
 You gon be deader than livin' presidents 
 'Cause in a couple a secs your soul gon be checkin' up outta its residence 
 Bodies stiff like Christmas ornaments 
 Because the niggaz that a fuck with me bein mo funk than Parliment 
 You see I mobs through the ghetto smokin' hash blunts 
 Stalkin game in the streets I grew up in 
 And when the shit get funky I just get on up 
 And blow your head off with a muthafuckin mac 10, bitch 
 (Nigga, what you thinkin' bout?)