Livin' in a world harcore, 
 Niggaz be dumpin on them foes, 
 Catching cases highspeed chases, 
 40 Gz and 2 kilos, give me everything, 
 'Cause I ain't all the world seem, 
 Seen to much mother fuckin' gangsta shit and sucked up the game, 
 Times are savage, 
 Hardcore playaz ain't your average, 
 Trunk full of triple beams, 
 And the schemes of cream and cabbage, 
 Niggaz die for dead presidents on a green piece of paper, 
 With the smash down for the cash niggaz that was in my thug nation. 
 Try to scalp all fuck half the world I want it all! 
 But I'm bustin' at you niggaz, 
 With my back against the wall. 
 Fuck you bitch ass niggaz, lil trick ass niggaz, 
 Make your name up in my mouth taste like shit ass niggaz, 
 See myself a smokin' pistol, when I look in the mirror, 
 It's like a hologram picture of a tired up niggaz (ahahaha) 
 You never really really know the game, 
 'Cause every time a nigga look up, the shit a changed, 
 Nigga I wake up in the morning with a hustle and game, 
 Stick a needle in my vain, 
 Eatch injecting the game, 
 Tired all thugged out, 
 Fuck the money fuck the fame, 
 Try to make it happen mother fucker, 
 'Cause we too deep in the game. 
 Its time to make it happen get paid, 
 It's that nigga s y a s k, 
 Tag- teamin for high screamin, plates in the A. 
 There slackers they slangin all day. 
 Until the players rock and get paid, 
 Like on the ground face down, break yourslf, 
 Don't fuck around, and get sprayed, 
 ??????????? Paper. 
 I'm on paper, 
 Leavin' fakers with the fakers, 
 Like loaded pistols to their faces, 
 I told my family as soon as I get the dough, 
 I'm on my way back home, shit across the border 
 Like hard ? standon like noreaga the money maka, 
 Scott free across the sea, 
 Sippin cone whiskey, with the miggy gz gz. 
 Cold red fantasies, board a bocin, 
 Kick back floating across the ocean. 
 Like the black lack triple ds the mack, 
 Slanging the niggaz like keys of crack, 
 Back for opportunities, 
 'Cause our niggas sees is scratched, 
 Playing for keeps, 
 Addicted to getting it for quitting it, 
 Like the junkies hop fiends, 
 Nigga I wake up in the morning with a hustle and game, 
 Stick a needle in my vain, 
 Eatch injecting the game, 
 Tired all thugged out, 
 Fuck the money fuck the fame, 
 Try to make it happen mother fucker, 
 'Cause we too deep in the game. 
 U sound crackin' mad 'cause I ain't getting no younger, 
 And eatch mother fuckin' poe poes that ain't getting my dough, 
 Roll a hummer for the summer, 
 Rad katty in the fall, 
 Keep my mind on my money, 
 Platinum plats on the wall, 
 U niggaz know I won't be fucking around, 
 I'm 'bout the cash, 
 And I hope you know I'm all about action, 
 And down to blast, 
 What the fuck you think, 
 My homies are killas and drug dealers, 
 Use pills for sinuses, 
 Crash homes and dome niggaz, 
 Break bones and stoned niggaz. 
 Where you had to be ??? 
 Got gome ??? niggaz getting toed out, 
 Just dipping just getting niggaz twited up, smoked up. 
 On a mission for the cash, can't be stuck up we mashed. 
 Were protection the money figures, protectiing them with triggaz 
 City under siege, probably distruged, because some foes are killas, 
 But no body claimin 'cause their fobutaded niggaz,