Dope Fiend Willy: 
 Heh Heh Yeah goddamn it抯 that old gangsta shit right there boy goddamn 
 Shit heh heh 
 This is Dope Fiend Willy from the last mutha fuckin' record I want the 
 Ten piece hey I got me some now I don抰 give a fuck but uh huh yeah you 
 All ain抰 gonna know nothin' bout this O.G. shit 
 Unless you start knowin' sumpim about Uzi抯 and shit So uh? 
 Verse 1: Spice 1 
 Now this 380 was a bitch who used to ho up on my block 
 She lived on smith-n-wesson with that pimp Mr. Glock 
 Now glock had many bitches, he sold pussy by the pound 
 And bitches jocked his trigga every time he came around 
 Big baller, big game shooter until he met that crazy mutha fucka Mr. 
 Ruger 
 Now ruger was a pimp too, He had his own hoes 
 Mrs Hollow Tip and Neener who wore ho抜sh clothes 
 G-string up the ass with the big fat clitoris 
 Drinkin' that Colt 45 'cause she抯 a gangsta bitch 
 I love my neener and my neener loves me mutha fucka抯 think I抦 crazy 
 'Cause I抦 trigga happy 
 Chorus in the background: 
 Trigga happy, Trigga happy, Trigga happy nigga 
 (Repeat 4X) 
 Dope Fiend Willie: 
 Heh heh, well goddamn smith-n-wesson, heh heh heh, I got me a colt 45 
 Back at the mutha fuckin' house heh heh, yeah I抦 ready to do somethin'?with one of these little ol抷oung mutha fucka抯 heh heh yeah, but I 
 Think maybe a ol? ten piece hook me up mutha fucka I know you got that 
 Shit 
 Yeah mutha fuckin' Dope Fiend Willie in the house, don抰 give a fuck 
 About no nigga heh mutha fucka shit. 
 Verse 2: Spice 1 
 Mr Snubnose slangin the yay out the bullet shed 
 And Mrs Mossberg blowin' up his (???) 
 And the shit it don抰 be gettin' no better, you gotta watch for that 
 Crooked ass cop Officer Beretta 
 Put your ass in a sling, check out that skinny ass bitch deuce deuce 
 Thinking she miss thing 
 And Mr tech nine lookin' for some convo and he jammed and stuttered when 
 He could had a hoe 
 But he still knockin' boots from hell to heaven nigga got a page about 
 Three feety seven 
 Gettin' paid for the cot, so now he got a deal with that bitch抯 pimp mr 
 Glock 
 Chrous in the background: 
 (Repeat 3X) 
 Dope Fiend Willie: 
 Yeah yeah I like that new shit boy yeah heh heh trigga happy, trigga 
 Happy HEH trigga happy nigga Yeah I like that shit. I抦 bout to go 
 Over here and talk to these girls over here damn baby what you got on 
 And shit. 
 Verse 3: Spice 1 
 Now every nigga抯 wavin peace to the nine 
 'Cause glock hit the block in a jeep drinkin' cheap wine 
 With his nigga AK drug kingpin gotta find Mr Technine do his ass in 
 Niggas plottin hits plottin schemes but Mr Technine抯 got an AR-15 
 An OG nigga from the hood got his cash on rollin' fly brooms smokin' 
 Chronic to the fuckin' dome 
 And Mr Glock got the word from his people Mr Technine抯 havin' a party 
 At the Desert Eagle 
 So right in front of the club when he checked his beeper 
 Technine blasted his ass with the street sweeper 
 Chorus in the background: 
 (Repeat 4X) 
 Dope Fiend Willie: 
 (Smoking) (coughing) goddamn shit fuck y'all and your folks got these 
 Days? That old chronic shit look at that! Goddamn boy let me get 
 Another hit of that shit (smoking) goddamn (coughing) 
 You ol?trigga happy mutha fuckin' youth