You fat ass pudgy muthafucka... yeah, what up now nigga? 
 How you gon' start some shit with the shit starter? 
 Knew you was a bitch first time I saw ya 
 Walkin' around sucking on everybody's dick 
 Trying to get a deal but your record sound straight like shit 
 You was lucky to be signed with Jive 
 They dropped your ass when your record stopped at 135 
 So next time you come at me nigga, best come clean 
 Have ya ass using blood for Listerine 
 So mister CB-4 plastic gangsta ass nigga 
 Heard you wanna squab with the clip and the trigga 
 Gangsta murderer, gangsta villain gangsta killa 
 I loc up and put a slug in ya nigga, what 
 Bootsie as fuck and don't nobody record company want ya 
 You know ya done fucked up don't ya? 
 X4 
 Run nigga run 
 You can run nigga run but I'mma catch ya 
 You know I had to gat ya 
 Leave your body stiff like a statue 
 Wet ya, get ya, hit ya, bitcha split your ass down the middle 
 Like a swisha... 
 Sweet ass nigga talkin' shit 
 I'll shake your ass like a pit 
 I'm in love with this rap shit, it's all good 
 But bring your ass down to Spiggity One neighborhood 
 Like Messy Marvin leave a mess 
 As my AK chop that beef off yo muthafuckin chest 
 Bootsie as fuck and don't nobody record label want ya 
 You know you done fucked up don't ya? 
 X5 
 You gon' be wearin' ya ass for a hat 
 'Cause I'mma shoot ya dick out yo ass crack 
 Nigga, ya fuckin' with tha straight up gangsta mack 
 Piggity muthafuckin' pop, pop, pop 
 Keep talking that punk ass shit and you won't live to 
 See yo album drop 
 All ya songs is rinky dinky 
 Just a fat ass nigga who had one too many twinkies 
 And I'mma watch that belly explode 
 When I catch you in the street, unload the 4-5 and reload 
 Bend over and the hoes will laugh 
 Cause you show a big fat stanky crack in that ass 
 Bootsie as fuck and don't nobody record company want ya 
 You know you done fucked up don't ya? 
 spoken: 
 Listen here you little bitch made muthafucka 
 I'm gonna ask you some simple questions and I want 
 Some simple motherfuckin answers 
 You said you was a Jive artist, is that true? 
 "Well man, yeah I was a Jive artist you know, and uh, 
 I was signed to them, but uh, um" 
 Is you or isn't you a Jive artist? 
 "Umm, well, uh, you know, I really don't know,. I was 
 Or uh I am one, yeah" 
 Well motherfucker let me ask you this here, like I 
 Said simple questions simple answers 
 You said you sold 500,000 units 
 "I sold somethin' like that you know" 
 500? 
 "No, uh" 
 400? 
 "Umm, well" 
 200? 
 "Ummm" 
 100? 
 "Uh, a litle bit more than that" 
 Talkin' that shit you know you done fucked up don't ya?