Party 
 (Did you come to party?) 
 (Did you come to party-party?) 
 (Did you come to party?) 
 (Did you) [x2] 
 Well, the time is now, and the place is here 
 You're not ready till you're sweaty down to your underwear 
 Not sayin' it as a joke, just a bit of advice 
 'Cause when I rap you're bout to be, because I'm just that nice 
 So dig this, when I'm rappin' people start clappin 
 Get on the dancefloor, and things just start happen 
 I don't know what it is, but I was tryin' to guess 
 Did you come to party or to start some mess? 
 Now to me, dancin is a hell of a task 
 Now I've got a question, do you mind if I ask? 
 (Did you come to party?) [x3] 
 Now it makes no difference if the people start jumpin' 
 On solid ground, cause the music is pumpin 
 So if you dare, please, be ready to rock 
 Yes, the music is on just like popcorn 
 So don't hold back, because the party is packed 
 And this beat is dope, now did you get that, Jack? 
 So get with it, don't quit it, you hear my rhyme, forget it 
 You're tryina be me, Spoonie Gee, just forget it 
 'Cause I'm the only one that can do it this way 
 When you see me at a party you will always say 
 "Yeah, that's Spoonie Gee", and your girls say, "Not hardly" 
 So what's your name, baby, did you come here to party? 
 (Did you come to party?) 
 (Did you come to party-party?) [x3] 
 (Did you come) 
 Let's break it down 
 Here we go now, dance, you're gonna sweat 
 But be prepared, because we're nowhere finished yet 
 I'm rockin', and I'm rollin' 
 The mic is in my hand, and I'm the one that's controllin 
 Are you done? You better quit 
 And let me rap a little bit 
 Cause this is a new hit that I'm makin' 
 And other records I'm breakin 
 So 
 (Did you come to party?) 
 (Did you come to party-party) [x3] 
 Now the beat is swingin', I'm rappin', not singin' 
 People on the outside just hangin' 
 Around, for what? To hear the Spoonie Gee sound 
 To move, to have fun, to get on down 
 'Cause I'm serious, I don't have no time for playin' 
 So listen to my music, as well as what I'm sayin' 
 The music is a part, and the words are too 
 Together they make you do what you came to 
 You wanna finger-pop? Well, go head, I won't stop you 
 Put some music in rap, and then rock you 
 Cause that's what y'all came here for 
 But if you didn't, there's the door 
 Well? 
 (Did you come to party?) 
 (Did you come to party-party?) [x7] 
 This beat is dope [x3] 
 Best believe it