Yeah, I feel the pain of a 70's soul single 
 Who just saw the death of one of its soul leaders 
 I wanna sell records but yet I feel eager 
 To write political tunes that give a certain ﬁnger 
 To talk to God they told me to climb a mountain 
 I'm thirsty for His revelation, where's the colored fountain? 
 As grace rains on the concrete garden 
 I guess it's common sense now that that's water for chocolate 
 Mommas tried to keep their babies off the street 
 Police got rap sheets so ya kids gettin' beat, beat 
 Hit after hit video in the crowd and still not enough evidence 
 I'm on my Harriet Tubman maybe my sojourner 
 More like Martin Luther the King than Nat Turner 
 I roll with a team of newly redeemed sinners 
 That know we have to lose our life to be winners (live) 
 Clouds will come the rain will fall 
 Sometimes sun won't shine at all 
 From pain inside cries my soul 
 But I'm hopin' that you hold all things together 
 Yeah, every pastor ain't corrupt, every church don't suck 
 But the people are thinkin', who will speak for us? 
 A nation of people who bleach their skin 
 Keep ﬁghtin' my bro, you'll ﬁnd that peace within 
 Or that young brown sister with a pure gold voice 
 Or that unborn child who has had no choice 
 Third world pains, kids dyin' of AIDS 
 Abort a child cause 2 adults had childish ways 
 Pretty offensive, I'm still in the zone 
 I have a Chris Rock goal, keep my daughter off the pole 
 That's two-fold - stripping and politickin' 
 'Cause to me homie I don't really see much difference 
 Promise a bunch of stuff you never get 
 Exit with the same concerns you came in with 
 To all my people who grindin' - what up tho'? 
 To all my people who dyin', what up ghost? 
 To all my people who grindin', what up tho'? 
 To all my people who dyin', what up ghost? 
 (Verse 3: Sho Baraka) 
 Born in Alberta, died in Atlanta 
 Had 2 parents plus raised by grandma 
 Told I was different 'cause I spoke with a grammar that was proper 
 Cause my momma tried to raise me with manners 
 I'm a lover, I'm a husband, I'm an artist, I'm a father 
 I'm a ﬁghter, a believer, I'm an actor, I'm an author 
 I random son of Adam, I'm just lookin' for the pardon 
 A vegan avoidin' the beef that started in the garden 
 I'm on my Oscar Grant and Invisible Children, 
 Jena Six, Rakeem Boyd, I am Bobby Tillman 
 I'm on my thief on the cross the prodigal son 
 And I was the sheep that was lost 
 I'm on my mover and shakers a student of the panthers 
 Also learned in the Quakers 
 I'm on my Zora Neale, Absalom Jones, 
 Harlem Renaissance with a Paul Robeson poem 
 I'm on my George Washington Carver 
 A humble servant who gave all glory to the Father 
 I'm on my Rembrandt with a ﬁtted cap, C.S. Lewis if he would ever rap 
 I'm on my Lord touch down, I love life but you can come back now 
 I'm on my son of a king, a fresh prince, diverse being, the talented 10th 
 (To all my people who grindin', look up though 
 To all my people who grindin', look up though 
 To all my people who dyin' - what up ghost? 
 To all my people who dyin' - what up ghost?) 
 Wade in the water 
 Wade in the water children 
 Wade in the water 
 God's gonna trouble the water 
 Wade in the water 
 Wade in the water children 
 Wade in the water 
 God's gonna trouble the water 
 God's gonna trouble the water...