It's your boy B-scientific 
 Here to talk evolution wit you 
 He who began a good work within you will complete it till the day of Christ 
 Reach records, 116, turn my life up! I'm sho baraka baby 
 Tell 'em how you evolved! 
 I walked the earth with a pained disdain for my birth 
 Then I met Christ the healer, gave a cure for the curse 
 Time's before that, I didn't think it was worth it 
 These Christians ain't worth the penny-loafers they go to church with 
 You might even catch 'em on the same block cursing 
 If God's so good, why our life look worthless? 
 Then I figured it out, why they weren't learning 
 They didn't have the Spirit, so they didn't have discernment 
 So what they call themselves doing, ain't worship 
 They don't love the Lord, all they care about is churching 
 Last one in church, first one out 
 First one in the liquor store, passing out 
 But I saw a couple of men, who would live it out, ... 
 I was something like Thomas, I landed my hand on my doubt 
 Got my hands to the plough, not my hands to the gun 
 I thought I was down, let me tell you what I was 
 I was young, I was dumb, I was just too cool 
 I was loud and obnoxious, I was just that fool 
 Love money, love lust, love me, love greed 
 No limits to my conscience, anything to succeed 
 I was selfish and conceited, love rage, love hate, 
 A wanna be thug, a plain disgrace 
 Your boy did a 180 cause the Lord had grace 
 Sometimes I wanna go back, let me tell you why I cain't. 
 I was a slave to the night-life 
 Sex and the Chronic 
 The erk and jerk, mad dog, gin and tonic 
 Then God pulled my heart strings, yeah He's harmonic 
 Now I'm going to live forever, I'm bionic 
 Put death in a choke hold, and slammed it like onyx So we can slam dance in heaven, its ironic 
 After years of research these scientists couldn't figure 
 How I acted like an ape, but evolved from a sinner 
 The company I kept loved greed and drank brew 
 But now my boys love reading Greek and Hebrew 
 Used to want a Rolls-Royce, but your boy stay broke 
 But I got my own phantom, yeah the Holy Ghost 
 It's in a 6-foot frame, with a chocolate candy paint 
 On the highway to heaven on a license plate "SAINT" 
 I turn my life up, you can hear it through the subs 
 I came a long way, let me tell you what I was. 
 I was young, I was dumb, I was just too cool 
 I was loud and obnoxious, I was just that fool 
 Loved money, loved lust, loved me, loved greed, 
 No limits to my conscience, anything to succeed 
 I been bought with a price man, my life's not my own 
 Fell flat on my face when I saw that throne 
 Now I'm humble and I'm wiser, man I serve that Lord 
 Stay sharp for my team man, pack that sword 
 Heard about the crucifixion so my life's been changed 
 I'm crossed eye now, so I might look strange 
 Got a hope, got a future, got a purpose of life 
 Bill man to devout man, share that Christ 
 Love my neighbor, love Yahweh with all my might 
 Walk it out in the spirit man, be that light 
 Show love to my brothers, 'cause they act too tough 
 Everybody needs love 'cause they ain't that rough 
 Got fellowship, read man, hit those knees 
 Hate sin, flee lust man, God be pleased 
 I have to bear fruit since I claimed Him 'cause, 
 I came a long way, let me tell you what I was. 
 I was young, I was dumb, I was just too cool 
 I was loud and obnoxious, I was just that fool 
 Loved money, loved lust, loved me, loved greed, 
 No limits to my conscience, anything to succeed 
 I was selfish and conceited, love rage, love hate, 
 A wanna be thug, a plain disgrace 
 Your boy did a 180 cause the Lord had grace 
 Sometimes I wanna go back, let me tell you why I cain't. 
 Can't go back baby! We've evolved! We were once dead in our trespasses, now we're alive to God baby! Oh!