Yeah! This one goin' out to all the hustlers out there... 
 Runnin' that shit back and forth, handlin' their business... 
 Do what it takes to make it... Me and willie d about to 
 Take a trip to Mississippi on your ass... Check it out! 
 Mississippi here I come with three keys 
 My boys in the car full of fire arms 
 I gotta make that drop 
 I gotta outer-state plates so the cops are real hot 
 I'm off on no vacation 
 I'm not supposed to leave the state because I'm on probation 
 I need a driver but who can I trust? 
 Not Greyhound they got norks on the bus 
 I need somebody with some balls who won't slip 
 Because I'm payin' 900 for this big trip 
 Got my boys and everything's on so far 
 Need a fiend with a creditcard 
 To rip the call, gave the fiend the 8 
 He was sold, loaded up the ride 
 Now it's time to hit the road 
 But here comes the tough part 
 I got a road to Louisiana, the dopeman's graveyard 
 So I stopped poppin' no dopes 
 Roadin' through hell I can't afford to have my eyes close 
 Now I'm gettin' paranoid, spotted new folks 
 And they was comin' up real hard so I had to play it cool 
 Put on my seat belt and waved at them damn fools 
 Lifted my seat back putted on my locs 
 And told the driver don't stop till you get around some black folks 
 Back in road, I got somethin' to eat 
 Down me a forty and got right back in the streets 
 Drove for a while, now we finally here 
 Took me a shower, fresh clothes, now I need a bed 
 Made a call to make sure that the drop was right 
 'Cause I don't transact no dope at night 
 I kinda thought somethin' was wrong 
 Cause the fool I was callin' he haven't his ass at home 
 But hell I let it pass 
 I left him message and told to get back real fast 
 See, my boys want some brew and some butt 
 After all this drivin' Sho had to bust a nut 
 Waxed the ass then I watched some TV, gee 
 I got a call around three 
 I set the drop off to twelve noon 
 I did the freak again and put her straight out of my room 
 Up the next morning, paid for the rooms we had 
 Loaded up my nine and rolled to the fool path 
 Got to his cribI told my boys: 
 "Don't kill him low! Give him the dope! 
 Collect my money! We gonna hit the road!" 
 Put the dope on the table, started countin' my money 
 But somethin' was wrong, I'm feelin' kinda funny 
 Like this clown was starvin' for time 
 The whole whileI had my hand on the crome-plated nine 
 Yeah, I think it's time for Sho to leave 
 I took one step and heard: "Freeze! Don't breath!" 
 And out of the blue comes the things my mother said: 
 "I be in jail! All this dope would have me dead!" 
 I can still see my baby mama on the floor 
 On her hands and knees beggin' me not to go 
 Had my mind on the grip 
 Could paid any hustler in the hood to take the trip 
 Didn't want to spend that extra paper 
 Bein' greedy got me gaught up in this caper 
 Now I'm face-down for the second time 
 Damn! I should had followed my first mind 
 Because now I'm in the cell where I'm gonna die 
 And Mississippi they get two years for P.I. 
 And the judge won't set a bail 
 I'm gaught up in this trap, the redneck hell 
 It had to be a set-up, see 
 Because the snitch I dropped the dope to was runnin' around town free 
 While his bosses still stairin' me 
 But sits won't last 
 Because when I get out here I'm a bust a cap in his punk ass 
 And till then I gotta stair these walls 
 Cause my moms phone don't except collect calls 
 County jumpers and some slippers 
 I'm stucked no luck 
 I should known from the start it was a set-up...