Pussy lips, Contraband's for chips, sold all kinds of shit 
 Hoover Crip, guns on fingertips, switched all kinda clips 
 50 raised, since my county days, brought all kind of fades 
 Renegade, fuck what rappers say, bitch I am LA! 
 Pussy lips, Contraband's for chips, sold all kinds of shit 
 Hoover Crip, guns on fingertips, switched all kinda clips 
 50 raised, since my county days, brought all kind of fades 
 Renegade, fuck what rappers say, bitch I am LA! 
 Gimme bucks, might show up in tux 
 Got my millions up, nigga what? 
 Spanish ho in cut, she supreme deluxe 
 Asian broads eat Caucasian broads, guess I'm dipped in sauce 
 Link up fool, gunplay pika-boo, guess who tagging you? 
 Bring showers through, grab ya bathing suit 
 We-we-wet 'em all, cannonball 
 Swipe my debit card, fly from here to Mars 
 Nigga what? Got my millions up 
 F-f-f-f fuck you mean? We stacking green 
 Stacking stacks of green, flip them, trampoline 
 Pussy lips, Contraband's for chips, sold all kinds of shit 
 Hoover Crip, guns on fingertips, switched all kinda clips 
 50 raised, since my county days, brought all kind of fades 
 Renegade, fuck what rappers say, bitch I am LA! 
 Groovy Q, murk the judges crew, fuck the jury too 
 Bang the set, rep my 52, young hog down to shoot 
 I keep a Glock or get razor sharp, bitch, get left with Pac 
 My Biggie knock, he won't know who shot, fearing down the block 
 Or serve this work? Lay back close the curt, pop my collar first 
 And blew my trees, put my nerves at ease, till my trigger squeeze 
 My heater heat, still I'm high off weed, bitch that's high degrees! 
 I money make, AM out of state, call that wake and bake 
 Bring cookie sheets, dope boys on the beat, well known in the streets 
 I'm crip for real, way before the deal, had them Oxy pills 
 In act we sell, straight from Murderville, yeah we served a lot 
 Left days on blocks, got them tens in socks, nah nah not talking shoes 
 I'm talking rocks, had the dopest spots, look out for the cops 
 My mini-me, snatch the dope and flee, guess that's how it be when you OG 
 He said he lived through me, but (sss) I'm stacking mills 
 I'm speaking real, shock the world for real 
 Pull up in that ill!