(feat. Mike Jones & Paul Wall) 
 [Chingo Bling:] 
 Aqui mero culeros 
 It's the ghetto vaquero 
 El compadre Chingo Bling, Mike Jones, y Paul Guero 
 We like bad hoes 
 We ride 24's 
 The kind that don't stop jes sir we ride those 
 (Bloop Bloop) 
 Drip drop, candy paint and flip flop 
 Alligator trench coat, with ostrich gym socks 
 Mi disco Tamale King Pin is in sto's 
 Ain't no bootlegger gon' get my dough 
 North side of H-Town, North side Tamaulipas 
 Some call it chitlins, but we call it tripas 
 Got beef by the pound, chicken by the ounce 
 We headed to Fiesta in the Regal top down 
 Got a tortilla with a lobster tail hangin' out 
 That's how we do it down south, no tiggity top now 
 When we do our tour, we gon' need bigger venues 
 I bet McDonald's put tamales on the menu, putos 
 [scratch] 
 [Mike Jones:] 
 Mike Jones, (Who?!) Mike Jones, Jones, Jones 
 I'm on the grind that's why I shine 
 I lay the rules down all the time 
 I hit the club spend like a pound 
 Hop in the drop and let my top down 
 Piece and chain, watch it blang 
 Open mouth, watch it shine 
 M.O.B. 'till I resign 
 'Cuz Mike Jones stay on the grind 
 2813308004 hit a nigga' up on the low 
 'Cuz Mike Jones about to blow 
 Gimm'e 2 more years and my website'll be number 1 
 Mike Jones, Chingo Bling, we the coldest in the ring 
 If we come up with a tour now, we'll kill everything (X2) 
 My album, Who Is Mike Jones? comin' soon (X2) 
 [scratch] 
 [Paul Wall:] 
 Chingo Bling, Mike Jones, and Paul Wall 
 What it do it's Paul Wall in the mix 
 I'm with my patna' Chingo Bling out here hittin' them licks 
 That boy servin' up tamales 
 Movin' weight like dolley's 
 Duckin' them federales 
 Ridin' on chrome polish 
 I'm candy paint, swanga's is red so I'm hurtin' these boys 
 I'm 7 30 NexTel so I'm terpin' these boys 
 I'm playin' with toys 
 I knocked off, for SS Impala 
 Bought all my cars cash, tell me who's the real balla 
 It's Paul Wall, call me the iced out gringo 
 Wit' Mike Jones and Chingo 
 Wit hoes I mingle 
 My trunk pop like Pringles, and wave goodbye 
 24 Inch chrome why I sit so high? 
 Baby Bash in the deck How It Get So Fly 
 I'm sippin' all so you know that my throat ain't dry 
 I can't lie I'm on the grind 'till the day that I die 
 I'm tryna get myself a piece of that American Pie, baby 
 [scratch] 
 [Mike Jones:] 
 What's up boy. All of my north sides, holla at me. 
 [Chingo Bling:] 
 It's Chingo Bling, A.k.A. The Tamale Kingpin. Mike Jones, A.k.A. Miguel Juanes. 
 Paul Wall, A.k.A. Pablo Parez 
 Shoutouts to the Choppaholix. 
 Chingo Bling, DJ Overdose Kool-Aid. 
 Miguel cinco mil, swisha casa, que paso guey? 
 Stop bootleggin' our shit culeros!