(Chorus: Chingo Bling (Kids)) 
 (I want them Chingo Boots) 
 What you want kids, tell them what you want (Chingo Boots) 
 What you want kids, tell them what you want (I want them Chingo Boots) 
 Because we got them for his and hers (Chingo Boots) 
 Some got velcro and some got spurs (I want them Chingo Boots) 
 Be like chingo, don't be not like mike (Chingo Boots) 
 That's not a swish, that's a Chingo stripe (I want them Chingo Boots) 
 When they drop, be the first in line (Chingo Boots) 
 Alligator, ostrich, and porcupine (I want them Chingo Boots) 
 My belt buckle like a pizza, homie 
 Look at your buckle, that's a pepperoni 
 No fits to match? That's just bologna 
 Got throw-backs that say "Ambercrombies" 
 If you buy 2 pair, that's free tortillas 
 Fresh, homemade by my tia Maria 
 Got Chingo mats, got Chingo Chats 
 Don't forget the boot cleaner and the Chingo socks 
 The new whale skin, eel skin, even the stingray 
 Get them at the swap meet, double click Ebay 
 Reebok, adidas, they want an endorsement 
 I said "I'll do it when there's flying porkies" 
 Winter time, I drop colors like horchata 
 Summer time, girls rocking Chingo Bling Chanklas 
 All the hood ratas, working that masa 
 Chingo Bing bussy look great on your pattas 
 If your smart, you can put them on your wish list 
 Maybe on your bithday, maybe even christmas 
 South of the border, we make them all better 
 Let's check it out (sniffs) it real leather 
 Sold everything from bobble heads to hot sauce 
 Snake heads still on the boots, who the top boss? 
 Even got your on shoes? Por favor beleev it! 
 Now, go nag your parents, get out of here, beat it 
 Got a trip to Las Vegas, need something to wear? 
 Don't worry (Why?) cause Chingo's there 
 At the video awards, you need something that's Player? 
 Don't worry (Huh?) cause Chingo's there 
 If you want to get fly, like the birds in the air? 
 Don't worry, stupid, cause Chingo's there 
 Get the attenion you desvere while you stop and stare 
 Don't worry... cause Chingo's there 
 Got a trip to Las Vegas, need something to wear? 
 Got it covred, stupid, cause Chingo's there 
 At the video awards, you need something that's Player? (MTV) 
 Don't worry... cause Chingo's there 
 If you want to get fly, like the birds in the air? 
 I'm everywere, Look, Chingo's There! 
 Get the attenion you desvere while you stop and stare 
 That's My primo, Baby Bash, he just got 2 pair 
 That's right boys and girls, for the first time in history hot sauce is also ketchup 
 Tamales are just been added to the menu 
 And Chingo Bling has just been voted president 
 That's right por favor beleev it 
 Put the air bubble, put some feathers, hot glue some rhinestones 
 Do it how you want to do it, get creative 
 Chingobling.com 
 Don't worry Ashton Kutcher, when its time to get fly for the awards, I got you covered 
 Martha Stewart, put those (?) down, and put some Chingo Boots on 
 Hey, Donald, I got a great pair of boots to match that suit (your fired) 
 Por favor beleev it 
 Yo, francisco, holla at me man 
 Por favor beleev it 
 Por favor beleev it 
 Por, por favor beleev it 
 Get out of here, beat it (Chingo Boots)