Now I told her, shawty come and slide with it G G 
 Baby you can role as hottest and flyest as you can be (be) 
 But I know shawty going trying to be with me (me) 
 I'm put it on yeah on yeah I'm put it on yeah on yeah I'm put it on yeah 
 Know let me see you turn around from the back I never saw a shawty 
 Who gets down like that when I saw at the party I was so caght up 
 (Caght up) from the way you move around so I backed up on it and told her put it down like that, so put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me me me 
 And you know, you know them sexy ladys rolling in them yeppers 
 D ing out my partners all the way from blaintly handa. 
 About to get my girl pick her up and take her shopping 50 for the lip gloss shawty get it popping. see that's my lil mama but she ain't a rapper thow, so her daddy get it in for 15 and that what she tring to call. told her that I'm doing shows for 10 that what I'm rapping for 
 200k weekend yeah I got that rapper dow. niggers say they hate my hoes say they love me so when I'm in the L A I be poping bottles cause you know I'm lucky.my rist allchuncky, purple hase all to myself 
 I bet you shawty knows my CD drops on agust 12th. know let my see you turn around form the back I never saw a shawty get down like that wheni saw you at the party I was so caght up from the way you move around like that so I backed up and told her put it down like that. 
 Put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me me me. yeah I'm put it on you shawty.now who she want now who she need now who she want now who she need now who she want now you know it's me and garinted that I can put it on you. shawty put it on me so I put it on her. I toke her form the cornor to the hills of California, if baby want the bussnies, I hit it in the moring I hit it in the evening she hate when I'm leaving. she like the way I eat it, ass on the dash borde make that pussy come fast like a nasa car, then I brack down walls like a taste force, young boss what more can you ask for. and when I do shows it's a confiss, spit flows like cap you know they love that. 
 YEA and specking on my brother if you love him baby you should fuck him. 
 Know let me see you turn around from the back I never saw a shawty 
 Who gets down like that when I saw at the party I was so caght up 
 (Caght up) from the way you move around so I backed up on it and told her put it down like that, know it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me put it on me me me. yeah I'm a put it on yeah shawty. now who she want now who she need now who she want now who she need now who she want you know it me garinted I'm put it on you shawty.