(Styles P and Akon talking) 
 What up Jon (testing one, two, three) 
 What up Kon (convict music) 
 Lets go (can you believe it?) 
 Fresh white tee (fresh) 
 Fresh car walls (fresh) 
 Summertime hood niggaz look like stars (look like stars) 
 Lewellery drip, fresh white airs (frsh white airs) 
 Mummy shake it up keep your ass right there (oh can you believe it?) 
 My man got liquor and my cups right here (I got my cup) 
 I can smell smoke pass the dutch right here (pass that dutch) 
 Nigga pass that, Capri pants with the waist cut off 
 I wanna smash that (oh can you believe it?) 
 Party ran pack, mingling baby 
 And I can LL shake, you jingling baby 
 Back your ass up, I'm a start tingling baby 
 We can have more fun if wiggling baby (yeah can you believe it?) 
 P hit the club with a dutch and a dub with it 
 Nigga don't cuff it if you ain't in love with it 
 Matter fact let the grub get it 
 Please don't hate cause at least you can say you was with it 
 Can you believe it? 
 Get a break and get off the streets 
 Clear my mind from the shit I see 
 In a world full of smoke 
 Contact from the weed 
 That's when it really bond on me 
 I'm a be here for life 
 I ain't never gonna leave 
 The ghetto is all that I know 
 It's just another day in the hood my nigga playing back trying get this dough 
 Yellin' out oh 
 All up in the club and you know how we roll 
 Squad deep like oh 
 Bad little bitches with their booty on score trying to beat like 
 Oh 
 Know your ass feel it cause its outta control 
 Let me hear you say oh 
 Let me hear you say oh oh 
 Can you believe it? 
 Big ass truck (big new truck), brand new rims 
 Tank top yankee (tank top yankee), tanned out Tims 
 Bracelet, chain, fronts bob thin (fronts bob thin) 
 New tattoos, new black shoes (hey can you believe it?) 
 Gucci, Ermays, do that too (do that too) 
 Wanna feel the breeze get a new black coupe 
 Nigga drop the top, come through the hood 
 Put a hundred on your three or your foul line shot 
 (Oh oh oh can you believe it?) 
 Lending outfits all on the bus (all of us on the bus) 
 Cause none of us could see a summer without trips (none of us can see it) 
 Mad hoops so the little boys might bark at you 
 But they all act good if the hood bothers you 
 Basketball tournaments, pitbull pups 
 Ladies in the club poring Chris in cups 
 Niggaz in the jail calling home on the phone (they locked up) 
 But you still trying to act like ain't shit enough (and now can you believe it?) 
 Mad sieves in the park, mad fights in the park 
 Niggaz talk how they run every night from the narcs 
 Aside from the light to the dark (light to the dark) 
 Then the dark to the light 
 I wanna smoke but I could search for my life 
 Can you believe it? I done spent ten again 
 Watching her bend again, dancing for many men 
 Tell me have ever though about getting in (have you ever thought) 
 A room full of convicts and D Block militants (D block militants) 
 We'll show you the time of your life (time of your life) 
 You can occupy my passenger side (come on girl) 
 Introduce you to the street life 
 Watch you fall in love after just one night 
 Oh all up in the club 
 And you know how we roll, squad deep like oh 
 Bad little bitches with their booty on score 
 Trying to beat like oh 
 Know your ass feel it cause its outta control 
 Let me hear you say oh 
 Let me hear you say oh oh 
 Can you believe it? 
 (Styles P and Akon talking) 
 Can you believe It? (Can you believe it?) 
 Lil Jon, Akon, S.P. the Ghost 
 Feel what we trying to do (Can you believe it?) 
 Can you believe it?