Why can't you be man enough (aha ha ha) 
 To tell me where your coming from (oh oh) 
 (Yeah where you at nigga?) 
 (Load up nigga) 
 (Who aha ha ha) 
 Yo, can't really figure this clown out 
 Where is he from Jamaica, Queens, Cali or down south? (where you from?) 
 And I could let an LA gun hit 'em 
 But Grape Street already told me you pay 'em to run wit' 'em (?) 
 I could let a New York knife poke 'em 
 With 1 of my throw aliways but I don't wanna see no cops smoke 'em 
 Uh somebody tell Pa we ridin' (we ridin') 
 And get read to auction of the car he die in (Ebay) 
 Whenever we bump heads, since you like havin' people witchu 
 Getchu a hospital with bunk beds (ha ha ha) 
 Without Dr.Dre you would just make slow jams 
 Come up outta that witness protection program? 
 Hov don't really respect you, get in ya place 
 If Big was alive he'da probably spit in ya face 
 Nas been doin' just fine without you (esco) 
 And pac probably woulda made an album about you (yeah) 
 So I guess that just leaves me here to get rid of you 
 And Rakim an 'em they don't even consider you (uh uh) 
 Em know you ain't got nothin' for jada (nothin') 
 And I know he appreciates all the money you made 'em 
 It's two thousand and 5 nobody fights fair (uh uh) 
 I just know an instrumentals ya worse nightmare 
 But you tough and you bad too bad you mad (yeah) 
 Probably been in ya own hood more than you have (ok) 
 Yeah you sold more records than me 
 But in the streets you gon' always be second to me 
 We was damn near feelin' you (uh huh) 
 Even though ya careers is based on somebody damn near killin' you 
 Shit you be doin' ain't even considered rappin' to us (nah) 
 This is probably the best thing to happen to us 
 The best wanksta, internet gangsta, magazine mobster 
 Shit on ya whole roster (uh) 
 Get ready to say hail mary's and our fathers 
 Get out ya black suits and hard bottoms 
 Haha and don't worry I got 'em 
 He ain't a problem child just a child with a problem (D-Block ahaha) 
 (Aha ha) 
 Why can't you be man enough (we love it nigga) 
 To tell me where your coming from (lets go) 
 (0-5) (sp) 
 D-Block don't think it nigga (D-Block) 
 Take a piss in ya formula 50, drink it nigga 
 Get shot out the reeboks nigga 
 Got shot and ain't shoot nothin' back, yous a biatch nigga (yous a bitch) 
 If I woulda got shot on grandmas stoop 
 I'd woulda aired somebody grandma duke, right? (ha) 
 In the streets they say "50 who shot ya?" 
 Named 3 niggas soon as he came out the doctor (you told 'em) (come on) 
 And you far from a gangsta nigga 
 You was talkin' bout yaself when you made wanksta nigga (haha) 
 Listen, why work out cock guns on the D-V-D (why) 
 Run around with cops from homicide and T-N-T? (cops) 
 Nigga you can suck my dick 
 Come around without cops shits on you gon' get touched quick (you get touched) 
 'Cause I was at the vibe when it jumped off, put 50 grand up 
 You pussy you ain't even lift a hand up (you didn't do shit) 
 Ya man stabbed somethin', police grabbed somethin' 
 But besides that I ain't see nobody man up? 
 Shit what the plot is about? (what?) 
 'Cause you know that you don't need a dentist to get shot in the mouth (uh uh) 
 And the hood hate ya shit but you hot in the south 
 It's the crackas that buy the album what's the plottin' about? (what's it about) 
 Many men make a wish but we ain't many men (uh uh) 
 So you gon' get death when we let them semis spit (what?) 
 Why can't you be man enough 
 To tell me where your coming from 
 To tell me where your coming from