Grr, arf! Arf! 
 Move on over, I done told ya boy 
 I'm a G-Unit motherfuckin' soldier boy 
 And when you gon' get it in your brain 
 The gate's wide open and the dog's off the chain 
 I be that yung'n with that gun-ness, tellin' ya stop frontin' 
 I be that yung'n on the run, after I pop some'n 
 In the Bible I read, death is of the tongue 
 And if you talk about death enough death is gon' come 
 Dave taught me how to flow, they shot him in the head 
 Randy ass was there, now he runnin' scared 
 Some say I'm gangsta, some say I'm crazy 
 If you ask me I'll say I'm what the hood made me 
 Now I can stunt till my ass dead broke like JD 
 Or put a hundred grand on e'ry nigga head that play me 
 See I'm cool with them Haitian mob niggas 
 They say sak passe nap boule and rob niggas 
 The media be tryin' to make a nigga look bad, what's up with that? 
 See my flick, next to bring Papi and Cat 
 And Montana, I kill 'em with the grammar 
 I enhanced in the slammer after bangin' them hammers 
 X what up? (aight!) 
 You don't live that, you shouldn't say that 
 'Cause what come out your mouth'll get you SHOT, DOWN 
 Throwin' your money around and we don't play that 
 Get in our line'll get you SHOT, DOWN (nigga) 
 We know where you hang, we know where you stay at 
 That bullshit you on'll get you SHOT, DOWN 
 Here's a few clips that you shouldn't play with 
 G-Unit, Ruff Ryders'll get you SHOT, DOWN 
 Aye yo, fuck y'all niggas talkin' bout, think you playin' wit? 
 Double are, G-UNIT, the same ol' shit (what!) 
 Put the fagots in the ring, watch 'em all quit 
 All y'all niggas is pussy, suck my dick! 
 Ain't nothin'[ but a handful of man still standin' 
 I remember 50 in a cypher when Onyx was "Slammin" (aight?) 
 Now we meet again, it's all good my nigga 
 Back to the street again, it's all hood my nigga 
 Knock on wood my nigga, we both walk the dog 
 We ain't get to where we at by luck, shit was hard (aight?) 
 But once we got through the trials it's all smiles 
 Till a big type nigga all of a sudden get wild 
 Now why you gotsta go and take me back to where I came from? 
 I'ma make you remember, where you know my name from (YYea!) 
 45th Street, and blaow-blaow Ave. 
 I done ran through your crew and only let off half, nigga! 
 Yeah, word, yeah 
 If your head ain't offa your shoulders (uh-huh) 
 You ain't get shot, you got nicked nigga (just nicked) 
 'Cause if my chrome hit a piece of your bone 
 It's gon' do more than chip, nigga (a lot more than that) 
 Yeah, what the fuck is the problem 
 The Porsche is red the buckets is Army 
 30 shot handguns the gutter is starvin (yeah) 
 Niggas like me might rush your apartment (word) 
 Bloodstains'll fuck up your carpet, brain on the window 
 I smell murder every time that the wind blow 
 Tie him to the chair and then knock out his chinbone 
 I don't want the throne or the crown, I ain't sellin up 
 You can have the jail or the ground, you ain't in hell enough 
 I'm the one that flood the gutters 
 Better tap your man, and let him know P'll love to cut his 
 And niggas is gettin' shot down, two guns up 
 Double are, S.P. holdin' D Block down