(Styles) 
 P.K.iller! 
 (Styles) 
 Y'all gon die, so who gon cry for us 
 Hop in they whip and ride for us 
 Pop niggas in the skull in they frame, shit 
 It's a body for a body for the love of the game 
 But niggas'll call the precinct with your government name 
 But I'm still loadin my guns, gettin' it on 
 And if a nigga bury my man, I bury his mom 
 I was trained to dump in your face, jump over the gate 
 Hop in the hoop', grab a bird, get outta the state 
 Stay in the dirt, dog we like pieces of shit 
 Dealin' coke like cars, come lease you a brick 
 Holiday bitch, I show you what a 38 special do 
 Turn niggas vegetable, salad ass niggas 
 Never send a coward around violent ass niggas 
 I'ma always bust my gun, use my knife 
 Ride or die, till the day I lose my life 
 (Swizz Beatz) 
 Y'all know we in here! [YO!] Tell me who's in here! [YO!] 
 Y'all know we in here! [YO!] Tell me who's in here! [YO!] 
 (P. Killer) 
 You dealin' with the streets, [YO!] you dealin' with the thugs! [YO!] 
 You dealin' with the set, [YO!] so y'all throw it up! 
 (Verse 2 - Styles) 
 It don't matter who you are, or what you say 
 Ain't no rapper you name fuckin' wit Styles 
 And I'll probably die young, shot in the war 
 But I ain't never give a fuck, and I always was wild 
 And I'd rather have a open case, than an open face 
 Kill every witness, I ain't goin' to trial 
 And everybody's a gangsta, nobody's pussy 
 There's alotta niggas lying and I know who you are 
 Next time I go to jail, I ain't gettin' the bail 
 I'ma kill a hundred niggas, right in front of niggas 
 When cops come through, they gettin' it too 
 Goin' out wit a bang, 'bout to start up a gang 
 Cocksucker, it's the Holiday crew 
 Get money, kill niggas, do robberies too 
 'Cause you fuckin' wit the grimiest, sheistiest 
 Can't wait to die dog, life's a bitch 
 (Verse 3 - Styles) 
 I'ma die screamin, fuck you, meet me in hell 
 'Cause I still got beef on my chest, and it gets no deeper 
 Look at the ink on my arm, I tattooed the reaper of death 
 And they call me Holiday, I let a slug go in your shirt 
 And wait for the leak in your chest 
 I'll probably black out, think about my welfare days 
 And times I had to sleep on the steps 
 Niggas don't want it wit me, you could call me arrogant dog 
 Until you get stabbed in the jaw 
 P'll run up in the hospital, stab you some more 
 Don't you fuck wit no nigga that be plannin for war 
 I got slugs that go through you, put your man on the floor 
 Purplest Porsche, mahogany seats, body your peeps 
 Project was pussy and the lobby was sweet 
 Niggas had alotta mouth, but they body was weak