Aye 
 Aye 
 His mom coming to the dorm Asher? 
 Have her bring me somthin 
 Have her bring me somthin in something sexy 
 Hahahah 
 Yeah! Wooooweee! 
 Oh man you got me 
 You got my back against the wall 
 What am I gunna do 
 Uh oh 
 Somebody's talking in subliminal shit, with minimal whit 
 When will he get off Eminem's dick? Give him his hit 
 Saw him on youtube in a room full of dudes barefoot 
 No women its feminine shit. Now who's the never been 
 I'm better than you've ever been bitch! If ones things evident 
 Its when I spit I never been bitch. But your too pussy to say 
 My name you would be, play footsie with scooter, begging 
 Kid Cuddy to do a hook. Stop the bumming for music 
 Look fucker set up, I sit back didn't want to listen to your 
 Shit to diss back. I mean we lose to this elf I lose to my self 
 How could he have me cornered, I got the room to my self 
 We all know that but you let Scooter put a batteries in your 
 Hallow back like you work in a Volvo plant, so either A keep 
 Away take over a week to play 'cause beef this way will leave your 
 Face super ugly when the ether spray, meet the greeter at the 
 Pearly gates. Verbally put you in the hearse at 4:38. I am taking 
 You to an early grave. Your fam will herl for days, we ripped 
 Em's voice from your throat, and gave you auto tune, put you 
 In a world of pain, been a lot harder kid, I've been spittin' shit 
 Not thought of yet. You just got your hip hop starter kit. 
 Retire with the spit shit, 'cause if Em hadn't been tired for a quick 
 Bit then you'd be Van Wilders assistant. Man some swear they 
 Made it and their barley famous. Better curd your enthusiasm 
 For you play your self like Larry David, here lies Asher who's 
 Features Label barely paid it and already their making funeral 
 And wake arrangements. Rest in Pieces whos flesh peaced it 
 Its best to please us, or just be decent, so Rest in piece kid and 
 Rest with Jesus, Rest in piece kid. Haha yeah Mr. Slight chance 
 To blow or the white rapper show, figured fuckit, ill just bite 
 Mathers flow, who has to know? Prob is that your souls that 
 Of a white Casper ghost. Figured it fuck it again and Close 
 Pinned half his nose. Quincident his voice is like a twin or 
 Is he biting slim? Hmm? I'm running with the ladder like a fireman, 
 Maybe I shouldn't be battling Woody Allen. But maybe if he stopped 
 Talking like this all day there could be talent, What? Cat got your tongue? 
 I see this pussy frownin, your features would be frownin if you weren't 
 Throwin' them thousands. Drama Co-Signed but it's not 'cause how hot he 
 Rhymes, its 'cause he sees possible dollar signs from the college kind. the 
 Whole globe can look, life is like a open book. I have you on my blog daily 
 Stressed smoking kush, CAPS ON, irrational pantin, while I blog on hip 
 Hop DX all caps off like the national anthem. Huh? This isn't even back 
 And forth, this is I threw it you once and you cast was off, fucker 
 Asher Roth, spread ether on his ass, too pussy to set it off like my 
 Teeth were on the gas and plus your queefin on the pad, leakin 
 Bleedin to your dad for Em's tape while you menstruate bleedin 
 On the rag take this beating like a man. Get defeated like a stan 
 I'm Chris Brown a wife beat, the Rihanna throwin' keys threw his 
 Lamborghini when he's mad. Never even went to parties hes deceiving 
 All his fans, if he did he sat in the corner and sipped seagrams like 
 A fag. See the thinking I'm mad but the reasons I'm even speakin' 
 On this fag is for 20 minutes its free was in the trash, ask Steevie 
 If hes mad for signing a Mormon. Lookin' like he survied a abortion 
 Here he lies in his coffin for toe taggin himself Asher put his own 
 Nail in his coffin like he was gagging himself.