(Talk) 
 Woe, yeah, yeah, when you doing you and you real fly wit it 
 It's like niggas always wanna check you, no what I'm sayin'? 
 Always wanna make sure you keepin'it real, keepin'it real nigga 
 Nigga, do you 
 Back up offa me (Hi-Tek) 
 Back up offa me 
 Won't you, get out my face? Better stay in ya place 
 Fed up, how much can I take? Yo, you need to just 
 Back up offa me (Here we go yaw) Back up offa me 
 I got money to make and not a minute to waste 
 I need space when I'm trying to create, you need to just 
 Back up offa me (See me in the cut) 
 Back up offa me (Tryin' to roll up) 
 Back up offa me (We can roll up) 
 Back up offa me (Hey yo, muhfuckah hold up) 
 Tone, what is this? I know he ain't talkin' 
 This is grown man business, be your own man 
 Stand up on ya feet, I thought we was homies 
 But ya coming at me like you don't know me 
 You think you do, well you're probably wrong 
 I'm surrounded my babies than Ashanti songs 
 Oh baby, I know ya don't get it 
 Ya trying to walk in my shoes, I know you won't fit it 
 Just 'cause I know you and ya flow too 
 There's more to it, you won't get it 
 I don't owe you, you want Hi Tek to do a record for you 
 So niggas is checking for you 
 Comfortable, cause niggas get respected for you 
 Get your own repect Duke, that ain't mean or evil (nope) 
 Ain't no crutches in the crew, my crew a crew of equals (yup) 
 Shit was cool when we was teen-agers, we grown men 
 You my people, but I don't need you moanin'and groanin' 
 I can't feed you, I already gotta kid 
 How a nigga try to regulate that's not his? 
 I ain't trying to sign I'm just the artist nigga 
 I'm just trying to rhyme and go the hardest, nigga 
 Back up offa me (Hi-Tek) 
 Back up offa me 
 Won't you, get out my face? Better stay in ya place 
 Fed up, how much can I take? Yo, you need to just 
 Back up offa me (Yeah) Back up offa me 
 I got money to make and not a minute to waste 
 I need space when I'm trying to create you need to just 
 Back up offa me (See me in the cut) 
 Back up offa me (Tryin' to roll up) 
 Back up offa me (We can roll up) 
 Back up offa me (Hey yo, muhfuckah hold up) 
 Radio suckers never play me 'cause I don't let them 
 They're like a pimp only hoes sweat them 
 When I do a show I like to catch the ladies eyes 
 Dodge the paparazzi, I don't want to see no lady die 
 Sports, entertainment, academics, business or politics 
 Ya find hoes that swallow dick for dollars quick 
 Young broads, roll up in gangs, like the Young Lords 
 Jump off, satutory rape, now you done for 
 What, you thought that your shorty was going to act her age? 
 No, right now, somebody's daughter is backstage (yup) 
 It's a master-slave relationship, but guess who's Toby? 
 It's the white girl in Colorado, but guess who's Kobe? 
 Tried to tell you not to fuck with these debutants 
 That's more Kobe beef than Japanese restaurants 
 Don't need diseases or cases, ain't trying to catch nothing 
 And when they're throwing pussy best believe you catching something (hey) 
 Back up offa me (How hot is that?) 
 Back up offa me (Hey) 
 Won't you, get out my face? Better stay in ya place 
 I'm fed up, how much can I take? Yo, you need to just 
 Back up offa me (Yeah, hey) Back up offa me 
 I got money to make and not a minute to waste 
 I need space when I'm trying to create you need to just 
 (Talk) 
 Yeah man, this nigga,(shh) Back up off you 
 Nigga, you talkin' 'bout me, know what I'm sayin'? 
 I know that nigga talkin' 'bout me, know what I'm sayin' man? 
 Who you think put him on? Okay, I put him on 
 (Back up offa me) Talib Kweli 
 That's supposed to be his rap name or somethin' like that? 
 Nigga's name is Henry Abernathy, that's his real name 
 Henry Abernathy, from 51st Street 
 He just gonna go out there and get money without me, (Ya know) 
 But I gotta book of rhymes, I gotta book of rhymes 
 Ya know what I'm sayin'? (Back up offa me) 
 Back up off you, you need to back up off me 
 But I'm serious, if he come back around the block 
 If he come back around the block 
 If he comes in my line at the grocery store 
 I tell ya right now, as soon as I bag his groceries 
 Ya know what I'm sayin'? I'm a take lika-lika little snapple bottle 
 And just crack him across his forehead 
 And I'll be like, Yeah Talib