(Randy Pausch) 
 And you will need to find your passion. Many of you have already done it, many of you will later, many of you may take to your thirties or forties, but don't give up on finding it. Right, because then all you are doing is waiting for the reaper. Find your passion and follow it. And if there is anything I have learned in my life, you will not find that passion in things. And you will not find that passion in money. Because the more things and the more money you have, the more you will just look around and use that as the metric - and there will always be someone with more 
 Who I be is the super MC, run up on a group of MCs 
 Rappin' all rudimentary, like stupid MD 
 Head of Valley girls full of jealousy 
 But I see through the envy 
 I be shootin' for the stars, never shootin' the breeze 
 When you chase what you want, you run past what you need 
 Hear the call of the Lord, start fallin' to your knees 
 And the families be immortal like the dew on the leaves 
 Yup, every rhyme got a reason 
 You need me like your mama need Jesus 
 Murder rap from the words that I rap 
 Treatin' rappers like celebrity news, got 'em leakin' 
 Malcolm said I may complain so the deep shit 
 Is spoon fed to you with the flow if you're peepin' 
 So wavy with the flow, got 'em seasick 
 Acquirin' miles, wanna know what's the secret 
 They all devil worship except the reverend 
 You keep makin' that excuse but remember this 
 You feel better 'bout your own failure 
 When you think success is based on Illuminati membership 
 Fuck the money, that's my new fuckin' attitude 
 This the Earth, wind and fire, this gratitude 
 Whether in paradise or ghetto avenues 
 I stay inspired by my longitude and latitude 
 Recordin' in the rainforest in Puerto Rico 
 Climbin' up the Dunn's River Falls in Ocho Rios 
 Joey made this beat in the Trump Tower 
 Fire like gunpowder, finna light it up cause the blunt's sour 
 Revolutionary People's Party 
 Evolutionary, we so godly 
 Still at the strip club with Nico 
 When he pull his hair back, we call him Nico Suave 
 We the people's champ like my top of the year tour 
 From K Valentine to jessica Care moore 
 Nico Is to fuckin' with Cory Mo 
 GQ, Rapsody to Hi-Lo 
 This the good ship [?], Jamla the damn squad 
 Colors of the color to toast in the dancehall 
 They call me the solution to problem I can't solve 
 So get off that bullshit and get on your damn job 
 Get on your job, nigga 
 Get on your job, nigga 
 Get on your job, nigga 
 Come on 
 We be workin' damn hard 
 We pullin' the damn cards like you're puttin' your hands up 
 We're stand up individuals 
 Fuck respectability, we ain't pullin' our pants up 
 We plugged in the lamppost, never duckin' no damn folks 
 We ain't bucking like Sambo's, to fuck with our damn clothes 
 Hoes fascinated by the fashion statement 
 Yet you masqueradin' as a rap crusader 
 I know you a hater, player 
 I'm concentrated on the facts and data 
 That-a-way I've been my favorite 
 Till there's no debatin' who's the greatest rapper 
 Always ready for the battle, no fear factor 
 RIP PH, we shed a tear after hearin' that we lost a gladiator 
 What a real rapper 
 Spittin' bars in the cypher in the hereafter 
 I'm in artist mode 
 Writer then before, I'm a writer at the core 
 But let me get it off on stage and I prove 
 That I'm tighter than a moor, invite him to the war 
 The truth about trust is 
 We motivated by the rewards, no one's above this 
 So by that logic we're monsters in the makin' 
 And seekin' justice is really self-preservation and 
 You don't trust what you can't see? 
 You don't trust what you can't touch? 
 Then how do you explain love? 
 You don't trust what you can't see? 
 You don't trust what you can't touch? 
 Then how do you explain love? 
 Quem quis me ferir 
 Ficou assim 
 Não aprendeu perdoar (...)