(Talib Kweli talking) 
 This the year of the BlackSmith... 
 Talib Kweli... 
 Kwame... 
 Lets Go! (Listen!) 
 Yeah niggas don't- (Listen!) 
 Back in the days we all used to- (Listen!) 
 Now shit is so wack, nobody- (Listen!) to that real hip hop (Listen!) 
 Yo (Listen!) 
 Ladies and gentlemen, get ready, here come (Listen!) 
 Talib Kweli and I'm BANGING on ya Eardrum (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Wha? now lemme get up in it 
 Wait-(wait just) Wait-(wait just) Wait-(wait just a minute!) 
 Wait! 
 Friends, Romans, Countrymen lend me ya ears 
 Start repentin' cause the ending is near 
 But don't (Listen!) panic, you can't function if you livin' in fear 
 Pay attention you gotta listen to hear 
 (Wait just a minute!) Who the fuck you talkin' to? 
 Put you on hold, get a specialist to walk you through 
 Kweli, the flow captain of fast and slow rappin' 
 I'm so crackin', you ain't heard? ya shit appear like "Closed Captions" 
 King of the bars and I'm goin' hard cause- 
 All my confidence comes from knowin' God's Laws (Listen!) 
 Bangin' on the system, fightin' my kinda war: 
 Loud as a whisper, quiet as a lion's roar 
 (Wait just a minute!) 
 Ladies and gentlemen, get ready, here come (Listen!) 
 Talib Kweli and I'm BANGING on ya eardrum (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Now lemme get up in it (Listen!) 
 Its for ya spirit so (Listen!) 
 But y'all don't hear me though (Listen!) 
 Get up, get into it and get involved (Listen!) 
 There's a little something that I wanna spit for y'all (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Now lemme get up in it (Wait just- Wait just- Wait just a minute!) 
 Get it now, get it fast, get it right 
 Get it big, get it loud, get it done, get it tight (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 But you don't really hear me though 
 I (Listen!) spit clearly so (Listen!) it's live outcha stereo 
 (Listen!) To your heart while its beatin' in ya chest 
 (Listen!) When you speakin' to Execs 
 And they see behind the desk 
 (Listen!) To ya spirit, nothing weaker than the flesh 
 So while you try to keep it fresh, you gettin' deeper into debt 
 (Wait just a minute!) Real Hip-Hop is missin' from the shelf 
 Yup, it's what you felt when you listen to yaself 
 (Listen!) Only a few is makin' cuts that's spinnin' 
 So before you spend ya hard earned spinach 
 (Wait just a minute!) 
 Ladies and gentlemen, get ready, here come (Listen!) 
 Talib Kweli and I'm BANGING on ya eardrum (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Now lemme get up in it (Listen!) 
 Its for ya spirit so (Listen!) 
 But y'all don't hear me though (Listen!) 
 Get up, get into it and get involved (Listen!) 
 There's a little something that I wanna spit for y'all (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Now lemme get up in it (Wait just- Wait just- Wait just a minute!) 
 You love the sounds comin' out your speaka 
 I spit rounds like a Nine Millimeta (Listen!) 
 The youth today they frown at the teachers 
 They ain't down with no leaders they don't wanna- (Wait just a minute!) 
 They like, "What?! Nigga wait right there. 
 I got 'Reservoir Dogs', you'll be missin' a 'Right Ear'" 
 (Listen!) Get it clear, I figure it's my year 
 I'm everywhere makin' appearances in nigga's nightmares (Wait just a minute!) 
 Hear the word, peep the flow, check the cadence (Listen!) 
 What you heard as a Pro, I'm so amazing (Listen!) 
 Don't front girl, you know its ya favorite 
 New Kweli, yo, they runnin' out of patience (Wait just a minute!) 
 Ladies and gentlemen, get ready, here come (Listen!) 
 Talib Kweli and I'm BANGING on ya eardrum (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Now lemme get up in it (Listen!) 
 Its for ya spirit so (Listen!) 
 But y'all don't hear me though (Listen!) 
 Get up, get into it and get involved (Listen!) 
 There's a little something that I wanna spit for y'all (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Now lemme get up in it (Wait just- Wait just- Wait just a minute!) 
 Yo, don't it sound so good to you? (Listen!) 
 Unh!, it's the return of the greatest y'all (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Talib Kweli, BKMC (Listen!) 
 BlackSmith is the movement (Listen!) 
 BlackSmith is the music (Listen!) 
 Whatchu ridin' for? 
 Whatchu livin' for? (Listen!) 
 Whatchu dyin' for? 
 (I think I wanna hear you!) 
 Bangin' on ya Eardrum, Yeah! 
 (Wait just- Wait just- Wait just a minute!) 
 (Listen!) 
 (Wait just- wait just- wait just a minute!)