C'mon, Yeah 
 I like to take this opportunity, to thank everybody who been riding with me so far 
 It's a been a long journey 
 But they say your life's path is not about the destination 
 It's all about the journey 
 I appreciate y'all 
 It's my blood, sweat, tears, years 
 Struggle, love, hate, fear 
 New york city! 
 You could make it here, you could make it anywhere 
 I came to prepare 
 For the rain, hail, sleet, snow 
 Whatever the weather, we ride 
 Let my people go! 
 To a place where knowledge is born 
 We welcome you to the 3rd eye of the storm 
 Check it out! 
 Futuristic lyricist, straight from the renaissance 
 Top of the suffer chain, raps up a edge a lot 
 My people suffering, slave to another chain 
 This voyage is maiden, like my mother of the name 
 Is this your first trip to hell? 
 Avenge a capitalist, if it's a product then we got it for sell 
 When I first started to spell, my words fell into rhymes 
 Turned into songs, everything else fell into line 
 I paint the pictures, you could see the people bleeding my bars 
 When I was a teen, I was mean, about to reach for the stars 
 So if I fail or fell, write in the clouds, tighten the vowel 
 Niggaz word, there use to be no bitin allowed 
 Now the gangsters no grindin' allowed 
 Probably see a fight in the stage, fore you see a fight in the crowd 
 I send this out to my people facing the storm 
 Homie we riding it out 
 You inspire what I'm writing about 
 It's the 3rd eye of the storm 
 It's the 3rd eye of the storm 
 It's the 3rd eye of the storm 
 It's the 3rd eye of the storm 
 Check it out! 
 Check it out! 
 Check it out! 
 Been fucking around! 
 I'm not a judge, but I'm handing out sentences 
 To political prisoners, regular inmates with no visitors 
 Niggaz in the streets outside to reach up for ministers 
 Not those that say they spiritual, but actual parishoners 
 Rap listeners, we open the black businesses 
 This underground shit, with samples to lack clearances 
 Once you get a past appearances 
 You could tell who shit is fake and who's shit is based upon the past experiences 
 We really been to war, hand to hand like crack sales 
 Bill the man, the man they try to kill off the blackmail 
 Female left to raise up a son 
 From the day he was one 
 Till he twenty, and he raise up a gun 
 Get the blazin', fore the blaze of the sun 
 Smoke bracin' his lung 
 Young in his years and he's facing a ton 
 None of his peers wanna share the road 
 Love the child, care to provider 
 But they hand a blunt and share saliva 
 You ain't a rider 
 And you hustlin' backwards 
 To many excess, with imitating these crackers 
 So our kids looking up to drug dealers and rappers 
 Taking away all the work away from our black actors 
 Revelation is first and armageddon is after 
 Tsunami's, hurricanes and natural disasters 
 Fast food culture be this, is always a factor 
 It's the gratification 
 They want the cash faster! 
 It's the 3rd eye of the storm 
 It's the 3rd eye of the storm 
 It's the 3rd eye of the storm 
 It's the 3rd eye of the storm 
 It's the place where knowledge is born! 
 Check it out! check it out! 
 Talib Kweli! 
 That's what it is... 
 Break it down