Violence has come, but many argue it's also tolerated as long as Blacks and Hispanics fight each other, and as long as they do it in their own neighborhoods 
 Damn right, we got it 
 Damn right, I'm 'bout it 
 Police state trying to kill us 
 Will they succeed? I doubt it 
 Y'all don't want no problems 
 So lame nigas be quiet 
 We 'bout to start the survival 
 We 'bout to start the survival 
 That's why we can't have nice things 
 That's why we can't have nice things 
 Used to race home after school 
 Just to turn on the tube 
 To catch the new videos, thought I was cool 
 I'm talking Snoop, Dr. Dre, to Fugees, to Biggie, to Diddy, to Wu 
 My O.G. will come from the spot with the loot 
 Like, "Kweli you nice, niga. Hop in the booth." 
 Together Forever, the name of the crew 
 Now, I wonder is there any real rap left; is it just me yelling no justice no peace? (hands up!) 
 This new video full of black death, fuck rap 'cause we dying at the hands of the police (hands up!) 
 Horror movies don't get no scarier than the way cops treating nigas in America 
 See more videos of cops trying to bury us than ISIS, you tell me who's the terrorist 
 Terrorists making bomb threats ain't got shit on the Prison Industrial Complex 
 Slavery to Jim Crow, now force my kinfolk into poverty, living in the projects! (trapped!) 
 Coming such a long way from living like kings 
 Now we like bling, wanna pull up in a white thing. (you trapped, niga) 
 This is why we can't have nice things 
 Got to be prepared for the drama that it might bring 
 Jealousy gonna tear us apart 
 They say it's all love, but what's in their hearts? 
 The product in nigas, kidnapping your wife 
 You're out in the desert like what's in the box? 
 In your Brad Pitt voice 
 So what you have is a choice 
 You can have all of us thinking you're moist 
 Or get like Chuck D and start bringing the noise 
 Rap life I attack like a pit bull 
 Let it off like a clip full 
 Known to stand up to all that bullshit that you sit through 
 Tell the world what we've been through, it's pitiful 
 Portrait of the artist as a young man 
 Raised in a borough in Brooklyn in the late 80's 
 Rap crazy are the crack babies who act shady when snitches start singing like the fat lady 
 Amadeus, you know what it is 
 Damn right, we got it 
 Damn right, I'm 'bout it 
 Police state trying to kill us 
 Will they succeed? I doubt it 
 Y'all don't want no problems 
 Lame niggas be quiet 
 We 'bout to start the survival 
 We 'bout to start the survival 
 That's why we can't have nice things 
 That's why we can't have nice things 
 Naw, it ain't trap rap 
 It ain't backpack (what's that?) 
 This is what you sound like when you have facts 
 And you're facing down the cops in a gas mask 
 Y'all be listening to lames? Well, we past that 
 Half-assed rap, you can have that back 
 All you fake deep niggas where your hashtag at? 
 Cut you open on the mic when I'm showing you the light 
 Niggas scatter like roaches, where the black flag at? 
 Radio solace is coming I promise you nigas I give you a preview (it's coming) 
 Transparency, that's the key 
 I got nothing to hide you niggas is see through 
 Trans parent, no Caitlyn genital 
 Tatted up but you faker than henna ho 
 Black Star with the bars that expose you 
 Just like you posed nude, no centerfold 
 That's why we can't have nice things 
 That's why we can't have nice things