The year is 1975 (yeah, hahaha!) 
 Brooklyn, New York City (stand up) 
 A child destined for greatness is born (we goin' in) 
 Let's go! 
 Get your hands in the air (get 'em up!) 
 Put your hands in the air (put 'em up!) 
 Get your hands in the air (get 'em up!) 
 Put your hands in the air (put 'em up!) 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) 
 Say something, say something (what was that?) 
 Say something (I dare you), say something 
 (Talib Kweli) 
 The lord chief rocker, I'm colder than meatlockers 
 My people keep throwin' it up like cheap vodka 
 I smack internet emcees and beat bloggers 
 You can see my black thought like 'Riq Trotter 
 It's deep - go ahead and sleep 
 They know in the street Kwe' gon flow on the beat proper 
 Composin' complete operas 
 Longer than a cigar that's godfather, 
 Tap into heart chakras I'm harder than gobstoppers 
 People comin' for the throne not knowin' the seat hotter 
 Than fish grease, criminal names on police blotters 
 You convinced me, I hit targets like top shottas 
 Out in the mideast like Muslims takin' Shahada 
 I'm sayin' makin' a profit a product of Reaganomics 
 Awake and I'm stayin' conscious to radio playin' garbage, yeah 
 Blacksmith Music, if you don't pay homage, 
 I'ma show you how we break an artist 
 That's a threat, I'm not makin' a promise 
 Speak to the people like Barak Obama 
 They worship like a black Madonna, c'mon 
 Niggas talk shit, but they ain't got skills 
 I'm the type of nigga to put lead in your grill 
 Number two pencil is sharper to bruise mentals, and 
 Beatin' in my chest is the heart of a true gentleman 
 Still spit right in your face 
 Fuck a Top 8, back up, gimme my space, you're not safe 
 Yeah, they say I'm back, but I ain't go nowhere though 
 Been here the whole time 
 Where you been? You back 
 Matter fact, apologize 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) C'mon 
 Say something (g'head), say something (uh huh) 
 Say something (what?) (who is it?) say something (Jean Grae!) 
 (Jean Grae) 
 Yeah, open your mouth, say something, I fuckin' dare you 
 Chokin' you out till you can't suck any air through 
 Fuck with your man too, thinkin' I can't do what I plan to 
 Vet vandal, niggas are brand new 
 Ain't knew I was bad news? Look at the tattoos 
 Get ran through like you was fingers through Sassoon 
 Horror chick in the bathroom, off the backstage room 
 Shit you couldn't imagine, nigga I'll harass you 
 I'll Ras Kass you, soul on ice and body cast dude 
 Past due, Jean and Kwe the last two action heroes 
 Actually had the capacity to be the ones in a class of zeroes 
 Hip hop's not dead, it was on vacation 
 We back, we bask in the confrontation 
 You can ask me, have any conversation 
 You talk shit, Blacksmith, Jean, I'm waitin', nigga 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) What? 
 Talk shit now (now... now... now...) 
 Say something (g'head), say something (what was that?) 
 Say something (I dare you), say something 
 (Talib Kweli) 
 We not fallin' for your trick 'cause your image is like a gimmick 
 Forget it, every rhyme is bitten, you like a mimic 
 I'm talkin' to the lord and I'm askin' him for forgiveness 
 Just for kickin' niggas out the club like Michael Richards 
 Yeah, I admit, I'm guilty, the way I spit is filthy 
 I keep it gritty, so they get it, they feel me, the flow 
 Is known for touchin' the soul of street hustlers 
 I speak in the language - you know I keep customers 
 The writing therapeutic, it's due to the pain and sufferin' 
 While these dudes get it confused and abuse the creative substance 
 I'm givin' you a contact high, my name buzzin 
 And I came in the game with nothin', stop frontin' nigga, talk shit now! 
 The year of the Blacksmith is not defined by any calendar 
 Just thought I'd remind all you challengers 
 Get the name right, Talib Kweli, BKMC, stand up! 
 Get your hands in the air (get 'em up!) 
 Put your hands in the air (put 'em up!) 
 Get your hands in the air (get 'em up!) 
 Put your hands in the air (put 'em up!)