Yeah, it feel good like, uh, sing along like 
 Lalalalalalalalalala 
 Lalalalalalalalalala 
 My rhymes ascend to unusual heights 
 Soar through the beautiful night 
 In danger like your Constitutional rights 
 We stay quiet when they start attackin 
 The men retractin 'em more 
 The silence is golden and the violence is platinum 
 The government take our sons and our daughters 
 Give 'em guns, make 'em run to the slaughter 
 In places where runnin' water is a luxury 
 And some can't afford it 
 So they torture reporters 
 Who get beheaded just for crossin the borders 
 Who we kiddin? We just rap for a livin' 
 The passion lackin, it's missin' 
 These cats is actin', makin' backwards decisions 
 I kept it black and took it back to beginnings 
 Got an established position 
 Took a break and now I'm back and I'm winnin' 
 Devil like "Why try when you won't win? " I got my eyes open 
 We all sick of cryin and hopin 
 I tried votin but the politicians just left me flat 
 They said the war was over last year, my man just left for Iraq! 
 That shit is whack, so I made him a CD for the ride 
 With some songs that he ain't heard in a long time, and 
 It take you back don't it? It take you back don't it? 
 Hit the bar after work to end off the long grind 
 Heard a song that I ain't heard in a long time and 
 It take you back don't it? It take you back don't it? 
 Remember when you used to feel much better? 
 Now your days and nights are much colder 
 All you wanna do is get over 
 Gotta find a better way, just hold on 
 Get your mind right, you find the light 
 See it through the good and the hard times 
 Oh, all you wanna do is get over 
 Gotta find a better way, just hold on 
 Yeah, ain't war hell? 
 If the good die young I'm in the field where the saints all fell 
 Suckin my teeth, the sheep inside has been replaced with the beast 
 Slaughter anybody facin the East 
 Talk is cheap and so the Senators are 
 Stuffin they pockets, stuck in the closet 
 Busy buyin methamphetamines and gettin' massages 
 Yesterday I lost two of my partners 
 After suicide bombers blew up the market 
 Now they view 'em as martyrs, regardless 
 The ground troops in the digital war, picked off 
 The politicians is criminals, whores 
 No my mama ain't Cindy Sheehan 
 She a Christian who think it's Holy War 
 So my mission in Iraq is something she believe in 
 Meanwhile my babies is gettin' older 
 Iraqi nights is gettin' colder, Iraqi fighters is gettin' bolder 
 I'm hopin for a soldier's farewell 
 People complainin, cause a kid get on a plane with fuckin' hair gel 
 Got my babies on my mind 
 I heard a song that I ain't heard in a long time, and 
 It take you back don't it? It take you back don't it? 
 This is war I put in work in the morn, my long grind 
 Heard a song that I ain't heard in a long time, and 
 It take you back don't it? It take you back don't it? 
 Remember when you used to feel much better? 
 Now your days and nights are much colder 
 All you wanna do is get over 
 Gotta find a better way, just hold on 
 Get your mind right, you find the light 
 See it through the good and the hard times 
 Oh, all you wanna do is get over 
 Gotta find a better way, just hold on 
 Remember Just Ice, gold fronts (Letoya) 
 Remember "God give 'em what they want! " 
 Yeah my man Chuck D. 
 Killin' it back then 
 It take you back don't it? 
 Edo G be a father too, the child 
 Live at the BBQ, it's wild 
 It take you back don't it? It take you back don't it? 
 Remember ULTRA! MAGNETIC magnetic magnetic 
 When's the last time you heard a funky diabetic? 
 I don't know man I don't know man I don't know man I don't know 
 Remember the Ed Lover dance, 
 Remember, Hammer's genie pants 
 But we wasn't really, rockin' with Hammer, In New York City 
 Hammer! You ain't hittin New York 
 Remember the 3rd base video? MC Surge was lookin' for him 
 It take you back don't it? It take you back don't it? 
 Back in the days I loved the bass and Jazz samples 
 Excursions, Nodaless (?) just for example 
 Do you remember? You not gon be able to do it 
 Down in Miami Luke was makin' you lose 
 The God Rakim was makin' you clap ya hands to it 
 NWA with the gangsta music, makin' ya lose it 
 Slick Rick had the chain game on smash 
 Symphony blast and Daddy Kane on last 
 KRS through the Kid from p.m. 
 Dawn off the stage 
 This before he was spiritual-minded 
 This before the temple 
 Can it be that it was all so simple? 
 JB's comin' through, that's the raw instrumental 
 LL the first to go all sentimental 
 Now they all say that they ain't really rappers 
 But they MUST pay homage to the pioneers, 
 Plus the garbage, just ain't sayin' the least 
 They say music sooth the savage beast 
 Classic beats make it a masterpiece 
 Have a seat.