"There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this 
 The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is" 
 (R.A. the Rugged Man sampled from "Every record label sucks dick") 
 (Verse 1 - Sadat X) 
 Now what I expect 
 It's been a long on some vile shit 
 And the same rap jams is what slams on the radio 
 Well I have to pay my wage on 97 
 When I've been doin' this shit on stage since I was 11 
 I be the underground king, the fighter, ? 
 And the promo dates, is what the black man hates 
 Now to me I should been platinum 
 Or at least should gone gold, but I ain't 
 So I got to keep my soldiers on the street, so we can eat 
 Hey this program's directed at the radio who can't feel me 
 ? Jam out the shit, when I'm tryin' to be legit 
 I am the legendary and I vary like the flavors from Ben and Jerry 
 One foot is in the street, the other's in the studio 
 Sometimes I wake up late at night 
 And don't know which way to go 
 Should I ?, or keep fightin public housin 
 Or get my homeboys out of jail for tryin' to sell the skill 
 Overfail on some own real rap shit 
 I kick for niggaz on stage that don't have shit 
 R.A. what's the lesson for the day, Rugged Man? 
 Should we ignore the scan that ? the record sales 
 And we need money right here, motherfuckers, say what? 
 "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this" (R.A.) 
 "One foot is in the street, the other's in the studio" (Sadat X) 
 "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this 
 The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is" (R.A.) 
 (Verse 2 - R.A. the Rugged Man) 
 Hey, noh-how 
 Now who these kids think they are? Don't sweat those kids 
 They're tryin' to ruin our careers 
 Well I've been doin' this rap stuff for 10 years 
 I can't remember any time that was worst 
 They tried to trear me like Heavy D 
 And said I couldn't curse 
 Get hit up, get your weak split up 
 No matter Foxy Brown or Little Kim in bed up 
 I can tell any freaky bitch to up leave the spot? 
 The opposite of heaven is what we livin' 
 The upcomin envious cats always be sweatin my position 
 I'ma live my life to the fullest till I die, is my religion 
 We gon' beat down your whole cypher if your freestyle ain't hittin 
 I could diss though or not work 
 R.A. the Rugged, Sadat X 
 I'm top 5 lyrically, if you ain't listin me you dissin me 
 49 wins with no losses 
 Heavyweights know who the boss is 
 Disrespect, don't want to fight down with the causes (Hey, hey noh-how) 
 I made this come back in '97 
 Y'all lyricists who hip hop is your ? back in '97 
 Don't play me, I react violently now in '97 
 Ignorant minds best to speak silently now in '97 
 R.A. the Rugged Man, hated by everyone 
 Yo, yo, that's why I'm here in yo 
 Yeah, we in here, we in here 
 "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this" (R.A.) 
 "One foot is in the street, the other's in the studio" (Sadat X) 
 "There's only 50,000 heads that are true to this 
 The rest are clue-less to what real hip hop music is" (R.A.)