(Intro: sample (R.A. the Rugged Man) {Timbo King}) 
 Do you resent the fact that people 
 Make a special deal out of you 
 Perhaps becoming a white champion in a black dominated sport? 
 (Yo, I fuck up anybody, shit don't matter, white, black, I'll fuck you up, you 
 Know?) 
 {Yeah, that's what his mouth is sayin', see in the ring? It's a different story 
 You know what I mean, in the ring, that's a different story) 
 In the right hand corner, wearing black trunks and a throwback jersey 
 Black hat, and black Timberlands, from Brooklyn, New York, Timbo King! 
 Left hand corner, wearing white trunks, a white wife beater 
 And dirty white shelltoes, hailing from parts unknown, R.A. the Rugged Man! 
 (Timbo King) 
 Aiyo, we black macks, with black hats and black bats 
 Black Panthers, with black gats, twenty-one blackjacks 
 Twenty one black napsacks, black weed 
 Black Friday, nigga, black fistes 
 Black misses, Onyx, black misonic 
 Black tonic, black marble, ask Arnold 
 Black bombers, with black linen, repent black sinning 
 Swimmin' in black women, the Men in Black winning 
 Black Timb's, black jims and black ink 
 Black ice on, black widow's in black minks 
 (R.A. the Rugged Man) 
 In the White House, White Owl, turn the light out 
 White boy, night out, knock your white ass, right out 
 Find out, white dog, white bitch, white fist 
 Beat your bitch like this, white dick, white sheets 
 Devin make white beats, suburban kids from the white street 
 James Cagni, white jeep, white sox 
 White rocks, white cops in donut shops 
 White blocks, now them dead white cops 
 White through the night creatures, white sneakers 
 White wife beats, thin lips, white features 
 White powder, Snow White, snow, hit the ho right 
 White dred, slow life, white snakes, so white 
 (Chorus: unknown singer w, samples going in the background) 
 Black, white, black, white 
 Black, white, black, white 
 (Timbo King) 
 Black men with black belts on, black denim style 
 Smoke a black, come out, layin' down black cow 
 Black souls, lost in black holes 
 Black robes, fuck bitches out on Black Gold 
 Black seeds, black eyed peas, black pepper 
 Italian black leather, fade to black 
 Black models, sport black Marotto's 
 Black Moet bottles, holla back, black star power 
 Black rockwilder's, black nines, black on black crime 
 Who's skin blacker than mine? 
 Black spades, givin' lames black eyes 
 Black foot Indian drive, black berries 
 Black Pelle Pelle's, black Israeli go to war with black Skellies 
 Hummer's with the Black Perelli's, Armor All 
 Blackball, black label, alcohol 
 Black ho, beat a nigga up, you know how that go 
 (R.A. the Rugged Man) 
 And then we truly white, finger, arms, ya hands is white 
 Square dance tight, dance in white, I'm Charles Manson white 
 Steal ya lab white, Rugged Man right 
 I rip right tight, like to fight, white knight 
 Blue eyed bright Christ white, nighty night light 
 Toys R Us light bright white, simple light's white 
 Nice life, nice fight white, great white hype 
 Why Uncle Ben's rice white? Hate life white 
 And get fruitcake twice, white guys recognize 
 See the whites in your eyes, white skin, white lies 
 House of Pain white, Everlast, Kurt Cobain white 
 Elvin, Simple and Plain white, John Wayne white 
 *Samples into the end*