{*Screaming*} 
 Intro: R.A. 
 Cunt... {*echoes*} 
 It's the Notorious B.I.G. with the Crustified Dibbs 
 (Notorious B.I.G.) 
 Big rip the twat... down to the asshole (scratched in) 
 Ain't no dick like the one I've got (sung) 
 Big rip the twat, in the basement of weed spots 
 Even vacant lots 
 Bitches know the spe (?) on the P-U-S-S-Y 
 I take it out the anal, fuckin' Big is fatal 
 Dangerous, you should see me swing the jimmy 
 When the Henny's in me, 
 Fucking green bitches, like kirk 
 When the cum spurts, I'm out bitch 
 You know what I'm about bitch 
 Hit em, quit em, forget em 
 Fist fuckem, dump em, in the truck and 
 Find another trick, to lick dick, to the tip 
 Down to the asshole, lips red like tabasco 
 A little rascal, call me chupsy upsy (?) or stymie 
 Let me fuck you from behindsy 
 The ass shake Big break hoes torsoes 
 Gotta go, see your groupies at my next show 
 Chorus: B.I.G. - (R.A.) 
 Big Rip the twat 
 (I rip your cunts out with spoons) 
 Down to the asshole 
 (R to tha A) 
 Big rip the twat 
 (I rip your cunts out with spoons) 
 Down to the asshole 
 (R to tha A) 
 (R.A. the Rugged Man) 
 (B-yeah to??) move it over, 
 It's the cunt renaissance, 
 The cunt renaissance, 
 So tou can lick the shit off my dick 
 After I fuck you in your asses 
 I was put in special ed classes 
 I'm about to do an O.J. simpson on 'em 
 'Cause the think they slipped when they be pimpin' 
 When I put my dick in they be shittin 
 I rip your cunts out with spoons 
 I make you feel pain like virgins on honeymoons 
 I make ill tunes 
 The hairy fat slob, I glorify gluttony 
 Butt ugly, only ugly bitches be fuckin' me 
 Now can ya dig it, just work it baby 
 In asociation with dirty crusty asses 
 ??? I cannot be battled when I get spattered ??? 
 ??? Mix the blood out my beat and also slaughter from my batterer ??? 
 Pregnant bitch - you get kicked in the belly 
 So fuck all them hookers who had beef with Akinyele 
 Check the studio it's the rockin' real bleaargh 
 Check it out, Check it out, What? What? (3x while fading out)