(R.A. the Rugged Man) 
 People say I'm a disgrace to the human race 
 I love overweight women when they sit on my face 
 I'm the opposite overweight, obese 
 No peace, when we come call police 
 Trash talk, now you got no teeth 
 Who I be? Rugged-Rock-the-Party 
 One shot, leave your legs wobbly 
 I'm the 2004 version of Heavy D 
 I'm a fat fuck but girls, the girls, they love me 
 Yeah I know, I'm dirty and crusty 
 And ugly, and I smell real bad 
 But bitches still fuck me 
 Yeah you might heard about me and 
 My wild ass crew 
 The Port Jeff house ? the Long Island zoo 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah, "Girls... The girls" 
 The girls, the girls, the girls 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah, "Girls... The girls" 
 The girls, the girls, the girls, the girls they love me 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah, "Girls... The Girls" 
 The girls, the girls, the girls 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah, "Girls... The Girls" 
 The girls, the girls, they love me 
 "Oohaaa" 
 (R.A. the Rugged Man) 
 Now why you wanna try to get funky on me? 
 Yeah and ain't nobody outhere that is as hungry as me 
 I'm a top ten all time dope MC 
 You got Chuck D, Rakim, Daddy Kane and Kool G 
 But right after that you gotta mention me 
 The most underrated artist of the century 
 In controversy, I'm Eminem to the tenth degree 
 Those bullets that hit 'Pac was probably meant for me 
 They call me R.A. Mr. Burnin' Bridges Rugged Man 
 At the record label with a shotgun in my hand 
 American lowlife, dirtbag, my team 
 I'm the ugliest motherfucker you've ever seen 
 (R.A. the Rugged Man) 
 I'm the modern day Buzzbee Burbley 
 Reincarnated from early 1930's 
 Steal your bitch, dirty hit your girlie 
 Slap my dick on your mouth, givin' you the birdie 
 Pail-ass squirtin hershey on your bitch stomach 
 You must have not heard me 
 I'm the Dizzy Scurby, world's most dirty 
 I'm in my man basement 
 Beggin for free studio, and some free beats 
 I paid my dues, here's my recipts 
 When you hear the ill voice thick mad bass in it 
 Rip your bitch drawers off 
 Put my face in it 
 Fingerf**kin, till the worm breakdance in it 
 When I'm done leave the crib 
 Shake hands with it 
 (R.A. the Rugged Man) 
 The girls, the girls, the girls, the girls 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah 
 Hey, yeah, yeah-yah 
 The girls, the girls, they love "Oohaaa"