Oh wow, it's me, how you like me now? 
 Yeah I'm still on the scene, and you don't know how 
 Blah, blah, blah, blabber, bragger, bold ceremony master, chains snatcher, thug rapper 
 Frank Sinatra Ratpacker, not the Rawkus backpacker 
 I'm back at you like don't they know I'm the wrong dude to fuck with 
 I'm the dude all the rappers had bad luck with 
 In fact fuck bad luck, they all hate my guts 
 'Cause they sell more records, but I fuck more sluts 
 Now let's get off that topic, let's see who the most obnoxious is 
 Who rocks shit, who got it locked shit stop it 
 Rap's all time infamous underdog, are you still pissed that I fucked your broad? 
 Are you still pissed that we fucked that whore? 
 Would you call the cops if I bust your jaw? 
 Suburban, I get diggey-dumb, the history of rap white boys name one better there's not one 
 I get dumb 
 Oh yes yes, it's true, I'm back with more shit 
 Everytime I record shit 
 It's some get butt-naked fuckin-your-whore-shit 
 Thought I lost it, 'cause I signed to a label and got kicked off it? 
 VH1 will never do my behind the scenes 
 'Cause I'm way too explicit for your TV screens 
 I'm like "Can we please talk about me a little more? And why I don't sell out 'n I stay hardcore?" 
 And why I never did a video for TVs, and never bought a beat for more than 3 G's 
 And never put an album out, not one year 
 I don't give a fuck about my career 
 Yeah people talk about me like they know my ass 
 But where the fuck was you when I had no cash? 
 Oh wait, I forgot, I still don't got none 
 But my album gon blow up, if I ever drop one 
 I'm allergic to worship perfect 
 You get hurt quicker than triple ?? hurt it. 
 Ice Cube, Daddy Kane, Hollywood burnin 
 Bitch scream when the dick's inserted, remember where you heard it 
 I get dumb 
 Yes yes y'all, y'all know the Rugged Man is the best y'all 
 Top 5 lyricist, no less y'all 
 Funky fresh y'all, I be the D-I-double B-S y'all 
 Wonderin where handicapped Rugged Man be at? 
 They like 'ain't he fell off? no he can't be back!" 
 Chicks are like 'yeah right he did that? he didn't, did he? Heard that Mister C bested Biggie? The cunt song?! Yeah, that kid he's a real sicky' 
 B-U-B, R-U-G, we like Doug Fresh, Slick Ricky 
 Bon-stickity-bon-hon, gon' cock-riggedy-run 
 Ask Das, I get diggety dumb