I mean, white rapper 
 There's so many of us now 
 White people like rap now 
 Ah, ah, yeah 
 Everyday, ghetto niggaz from my block 
 ? 
 ? 
 (R.A. in the background) 
 Slick Rick The Ruler, where's the vocals yo? Come in here 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Ah-ah-ah, check out this bizarre 
 Ayyo! Ayyo! 
 (R.A. Verse One) 
 Remember Slick Rick The Ruler, remember MC Shan used to wear Puma 
 Remember Masters of Ceremonies, Grand Pubah 
 Remember Daddy Kane Aids' rumor 
 Yo, bring it back, yo 
 Yo, at the Roller Rinks, no skates on 
 Early 80s, girl chase on 
 Kurtis Blow ? the breaks on 
 Flavor Flav, Public Enemy clocks, boom box 
 EPMD made us proud that we was from Boondocks 
 Before Pubah, Steady B, Heavy D, Mouthburnin 
 Craig G, Shy rap version, TRUE SCHOOL 
 Rock Box, Run Dmc, true hip hop 
 Before Biggie and 2pac got shot, there was Scott La Rock 
 Before we even learned to make beats, we was in the basement 
 Freestylin', to 45 King breakbeats 
 But see, rap is corporate now 
 It's all about endorsments 
 So now the rich kids love it, so fuck them poor kids now! 
 I remember when the mainstream hated rap music 
 When James Brown samples was the new shit 
 I yelled BOX like Cool J on some Krush Groove shit 
 Dapper Dan shit, Ms. Pacman shit 
 That's when Rakim ran shit [Ran shit] 
 Before Sweet T was Sugar, before buddy piped a Jack Soopafly snooka 
 Before Biz Markie was busy pickin' boogers 
 Super Lover Cee, L-y-t-e, Chill Rob G 
 Graffiti vandals, Jimmy Packer sex scandals 
 Videos, Ralph MacDaniels 
 Back when we didn't have the papered samples 
 Beasties, Chuck D, Busy Bee got ate up ? battle Kool Moe Dee 
 Chubb Rock hit the Grammys, Hitman Howie Tee, Doug E. Fresh, Chill Will, Barry B 
 BDP, Eazy E, PRT, Lakim Shabazz, Jaz, Jay-Z, Tragedy, QB 
 Markie Fresh, The Mack of Rap, now the Fat Boys are back 
 X-Clan, ZOOM, pro black, Mr. Bozack 
 Where the hoes at, I' ma go back 
 Before we had show DATs, no gats, no plaques 
 Happy Days, Fonzie and Posse 
 Bomb Squad, Hank Shocklee and Keith Shocklee 
 Ditc, Kool Keith, Ced Gee 
 Busy Boys, Realski 
 Milk D, Positive K, First Priority Posse 
 8th grade, parents on vacation, house makin' plans 
 Spin the battle in the basement, fuck? 
 Misbehavein, shootin pelletguns at Dunkin Donuts 
 Make the police go nuts 
 Used their nice sticks to chock us 
 Old School, do stay true, Rock Stedy Crew, Zulu 
 Cash Money, Marvellous, Funkmaster Flex 
 ?, Kool G, Shante, Glamorous 
 Fresh Prince, Jazzy Jeff 
 Simphony and Simphony 2 
 Main Source Live at the Barbeque 
 Nas and Akinyele debut 
 EZ Ice, Soulman 
 Def Squad, Hit Squad 
 2 Live Crew videos used to keep my dick hard (OINK!) 
 Salt 'n' Pepa ?, Potholes and Plug Tunin 
 Russell Simmons and Rick Rubin 
 Shut' 'em down, Pete Rock producin 
 Just-Ice, Latoya 
 We had Marvin Hagler, fuck Oscar De La Hoya 
 Doin' it, doin' it too much 
 6th grade, I ate my first pussy 
 In the back of the school bus (Fadin' into the chorus)