Oh whoa 
 Oh whoa 
 Oh whoa 
 Hey! Justin! It's great to see you again, man! 
 What's up, how are you? 
 So, today... uh... We're going to talk about love 
 Is that cool to you? 
 I mean, I'm not -I'm not a expert about love or anything 
 I'm still learning, I'm still... trying to get the process. 
 Well... When was the first time that you fell in love? 
 It was at, like, church 
 You fell in love with Jesus? 
 Uh, no 
 Basically, this girl, who was getting this guy 
 But he broke up with her so and she... I want to make her 
 'Cause she was lonely, "one less lonely girl", and da-da-da 
 And... yeah. or in a car. 
 Now see, I'm talking about love and you're talking about something carnal and raunchy. 
 Uhm... 
 I mean, what is love to you? Why do you think that love is so special? 
 I think it feels good. 
 You are so young... 
 Although I will say that I'm like... 
 Impressed and I don't really get how you find a time with your career 
 Um, what do you mean, like, when do I do it and when do I find time? 
 Like, I just do whenever I fit in space, but, like... 
 Oh, you're a quickies man 
 Yeah 
 All right, back to the car story 
 This just feels so weird, we're in the back of a car, uhm... 
 So, so... At that point... 
 You're in control, but... 
 You have to make her feel like you're uncomfortable, because... 
 That's your image. 
 I'm a beast. Wet machine. 
 And that's when you take your shirt off. 
 This one in, I just want in's! 
 You just need practice 
 I mean, I'll go out with anyone I really fall in love with, I guess. 
 You're... A bit of a tramp. 
 Yes, you're gonna write single and write it mingle. Down there. 
 I think you're going to be all right man. 
 Yeah, I'm just looking forward to, uh, just... 
 Being successful in whatever I do. 
 This... Is for those among us who got enough play 
 For twelve grades to carry on a upside down teaspoon. 
 For every kid who could've counted their highschool 
 Hook ups on two hands tied behind their back. 
 For every wall flower "say on's" master 
 With both palms on a crystal ball chanelling 
 The collective romantic prouds of Steve Urkel's, 
 Al Gore, Richard Simmons, Bill Gates and Screech, 
 From "Saved by The Bell", this... 
 This is the anthem for those among us 
 Who got none in our formity years and this poem 
 Is for every high school virgin who wouldn't hadn't any. Other. way!