I got a new kind of sexy 
 I'm working on a recipe for rich 
 And exotic combinations of some fresh kinds of sexy 
 A new kind of sexy, yeah 
 My face is like the California government 
 In terms of how it tends to budget what it's covered in 
 Hair follicles are public school doors 
 Every day I open up a new pore and close two more 
 But it's improper now to comment on what's risen 
 Because pimples pop up commoner than prisons 
 It's all blackheads, no justice now 
 But they get overcrowded and I bust 'em out 
 I'm like pop! pop! motherfucker, I'm a bad man 
 And some day my skin'll crack like the Badlands 
 Like my dad's is 
 But if that's all, I don't give a rat's balls 
 I'll wear them like they're badges 
 Damn a boy scout, they're man scout patches 
 Because I'm endowed, and how, dammit 
 And I know my body makes you want to hang out bad 
 The way my skin is cleaner than a Shamwow ad 
 And someday you'll see my stubble from the Hubble 
 On my mama on the double I'ma look like Barney Rubble 
 Yo 
 I'm talkin' like a Harry and the Hendersons 
 Notice every time my knuckles bury to the bend again 
 'Cause follicles by flying out my wild pores 
 Double standard 'cause I love my body hair but mind yours, girl 
 I'm grizzly-esque 
 You bet he think the yetis wonder is he blessed? 
 My shoulder hair sheen like a solar flare 
 I'm a polar bear seekin' out a ball of Nair 
 Wuzzy fuzzy from his childhood or early days 
 Every time I cook I guzzle up a dozen curly strays 
 Yucky! My tweezers stay plucky 
 And your girlie gets to floss her teeth every time she's... 
 Well, kissin' on my lower regions 
 The reason that I keep it's 'cause it's good for colder seasons 
 But in the summer time I'm the asshole 
 Sunbathing at the beach, belly like an afro 
 I got a plan laid for my next planned date 
 Tell the ward and Weezy wait I forgot to manscape 
 But for now I got a new kind of sexy 
 I'm working a theory of a new and experimental 
 Blend of different rare kinds of sexy 
 A new kind of sexy 
 I got a couple regrettable tattoos 
 But you can't see 'em when I wear a black suit 
 Got it drunk of of Jägers out in Vegas last June 
 At water parks kids yell, "Look at that douche!" 
 You know that saying that if looks could kill? 
 Well, my style is harmless; I shop at Goodwill 
 Hint of pifter, swap meet hood feel 
 Four-stripe Adidas, but that shit look real 
 (Good deal!) 
 Call me a fashionista 
 Skinny dude, gimme food, cash or Visa 
 A freeloader with weeks of weed odor 
 Tryin' to get the freaks to scream like Ricola! 
 One chick for me and one chick for Watsky 
 He love them older women that be screamin' out "Yahtzee!" 
 Topsy-turvy, I'm not so pervy 
 Compared to Intuition, the way he knock them girlies 
 We like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican or Haitian 
 A new kind of sexy is sweepin' the nation 
 I'm impatient 
 But yesterday I bought a pullup bar 
 I made plans to go jog down the boulevard 
 I changed my culinary choices from full of starch 
 To full of shit 
 It's a total farce 
 I haven't run a lap in years but I'll crack a beer 
 And run the poker table like a fuckin' racketeer 
 I'm like Boom shakalack! Fuck 
 Let's have a potluck 
 I got a hot buck 
 Burning a hole in my pocket so let's hit the tac' truck 
 Jock's suck 
 Just throw everything we got 
 In the wok and let's grub 
 Till it looks like we're knocked up 
 I got a new kind of sexy 
 I'm working on a recipe for rich 
 And exotic combinations of some fresh kinds of sexy 
 A new kind of sexy 
 Justin brought sexy back 
 But that sexy's a cheap one 
 So we brought that sexy back 
 And exchanged it for a refund 
 We got a, we got a new kind of... 
 A new and shiny kind of... 
 A new and shiny kind of...