I'm going down 
 I'm going down 
 I'm going down 
 On you 
 I'm breathing deep then I leap in 
 I'm going under 
 Like eating that V's the key to how we can beat global hunger 
 Achieve total peace on earth 
 I'm a freak, I'm a local wonder 
 More lung capacity than Freddy Mercury vocal numbers 
 I plunder the briny deep 
 A spelunker plunging in, hunkering down in between those puffy pink walls 
 Like a fallout bunker 
 And if never emerge to the surface don't gimme shit 
 In twenty years I'm back like Kimmy Shmidt (wassup) 
 Hold up, wait (Hold up, wait) 
 'Cause I really gotta set one thing straight 
 I'm not chowing on the chocha so that you'll reciprocate 
 I just go in (go in) 
 No strings (no strings) 
 Tastes great (tastes great) 
 Fun times (vitamins!) 
 I got a wand tongue 
 I'm doing sorcery 
 If you don't want none 
 Well that's just more for me 
 I'm going down 
 On you 
 I'm going down on you like I like it but bruh I'm lyin' 
 'Cause I don't like it I luh that shit's my valentine 
 One tiny warning, I'm dining on your gourmet form until the morning 
 Performing like it'll stop global warming 
 My pallet has got no equal 
 Talent could vanquish evil 
 And maybe make Rick Moranis be in the Ghostbusters sequel 
 One taste and I'm wailing "god bless!" (god bless!) 
 Until you quiver I will not rest (not rest) 
 Licking repeatedly like your beaver's a square reader 
 And my tongue is a VISA debit card that failed to process 
 It's like the Miracle Worker and I'm blind and I'm deaf and dumb 
 Plus each inch my body's numb except for the tip of my tongue 
 And each Wikipedia topic's printed in microscopic raised ink on your clit 
 So the single option I got to know something about this wonderful globe that 
 We come from's to locate your swollen bean and then probe the folds of it 
 Fiendishly till you cum about infinity times 
 And baby that isn't a crime 
 I'm going down 
 I'm going down 
 I'm going down 
 On you 
 Given our planet's gender ratio 
 It'd be a mockery glossing over fellatio (there he go) 
 Meaning that really fucking quick 
 I gotta touch on sucking dick 
 Many guys visualize giving BJs And say "eww" 
 But can we just please give smoking pole a calm objective view? 
 I'm pretty straight, but I'll state: sexuality's an arc 
 Maybe I can suck a flashlight so my soul will not be dark 
 Why couldn't I get sexual with a man at all? 
 At thirteen I was in my bedroom fucking stuffed animals 
 If I can bang an inanimate object can't I jam the crotch of a man 
 In my jaw and softly massage it? 
 Fellas vomit like "what if the sausage is smelling hella funky?" 
 Don't you wash your fucking junk, B? 
 Of course I wouldn't devour icky salami 
 But that goes the same for encountering stinky punani 
 So in this scenario where I brush my teeth with a penis 
 Let's assume that the penis we're dealing with sparkles the cleanest of all 
 Penis penis on the wall 
 With those well proportioned balls 
 I'm going down 
 On you 
 So let's say you're okay with your lips around a cock 
 But you still can't wrap your mind around the final moneyshot 
 Don't give up! if the nut is what truly makes it foul 
 Then just get him close to busting and hand him a paper towel 
 Yup! no gravy on your chin! 
 Yup! everybody wins! 
 Yup! squirrel to an acorn 
 Dudes like to look at dicks in their straight porn 
 Put your hands up if you got hangups 
 Put your hands up if you got hangups 
 If I could get with it I'd have a wider ocean I'm fishing in 
 But I'm inhibited by my social conditioning 
 So where my head's at present the odds are gloomy 
 That I would agree to feast on a D that's presented to me 
 But I'm not officially ruling out 
 That at some point in my life I'll have a dingaling in my mouth