What a beautiful and sexy night 
 What a shame someone would try and mess this up right now 
 Look around, I mean I'm hearing everything you are saying 
 But to be honest with you, I don't give a fuck dude! 
 (Let's go!) 
 Let me tell you about my GPA, four-O, straight A's and my (I don't give a fuck!) 
 Let me tell you 'bout my resume, it's so cray, it's insane and my (I don't give a fuck!) 
 And my boyfriend, he's so hot, and the car that he bought me is just too-(I don't give a fuck!) 
 And my "ooh-la-la", my "blah, blah, blah" and (I don't give a fuck!) 
 'Cause I'm a bachelor 
 So fuck attachin' a 
 Label to life we're living and imagine a 
 Future where we won't be living in the past 
 I'll be flipping birds like a chicken breast on a spatula 
 So if you're bragging then you can forget it 
 And if it thunders and if it rains and pours, let it 
 And in the morning then it'll hit you that George said it 
 They gave him a fuck, he returned it for store credit 
 But don't be sore yet 
 If you got a score, settle it 
 'Cause it's more pleasure with 
 Fun before etiquette 
 Get up on the table and pour your drinks 
 Get it, but 
 Don't be boneheaded 
 It's for your own benefit 
 I'll be getting open and seeking my seventh heaven irreverent 
 While you be seeking a reverend or Pope Benedict 
 You got a stick where the sun don't shine? 
 Well that's fine 
 But remember that 
 Let me tell you about my GPA, four-O, straight A's and my (I don't give a fuck!) 
 Let me tell you 'bout my resume, it's so cray, it's insane and my (I don't give a fuck!) 
 And my boyfriend, he's so hot, and the car that he bought me is just too-(I don't give a fuck!) 
 And my "ooh-la-la", my "blah, blah, blah" and (I don't give a fuck!) 
 All I wanna do is get my mind right 
 If I'm looking at tomorrow check my eyesight 
 All I'm gonna focus on is this fine night 
 'Cause all I know is that this life is finite 
 Never Neverland isn't more than a legend and so I gotta be digging the present session and getting this 
 Wedging myself up into the wettest crevices, effortless 
 Grabbing a piece of the flesh, if you love it then why fight 
 Some people slower than a nineties modem 
 Wanna see the nips, it's a while to load 'em 
 If life is a woman she's got some epic titties 
 And I wanna get up in it and live it and motorboat 'em 
 'Cause I wanna see the cool and the classy 
 And I wanna see the cruel and the nasty 
 'Cause if it's real shit 
 Lemme feel it 
 And if you can't deal 
 I don't give a fuck! 
 Let me tell you 'bout my five year plan and my 401k and (I don't give a fuck!) 
 Let me tell you 'bout my workout set, P90X and my (I don't give a fuck!) 
 Let me tell you bout some random crap you don't care about and (I don't give a fuck!) 
 And my "ooh-la-la", my "blah, blah, blah" and (I don't give a fuck!)