The first time I ate avocado was so amazing that I came 
 And that was the first time that I came 
 So the only thing I could compare it to is the taste of avocado. 
 Pretty much the same 
 The first time I got high 
 I ran into my friend's bedroom 
 And I hung onto each corner of the mattress 
 Because I knew that I would be flung into space if I didn't hold tight 
 Two years before that I went to my first concert 
 I was high all night 
 And the first time someone clapped for me on stage 
 I floated three inches off the pavement walking home 
 Only one girl has ever really wrapped my stomach into pretzels 
 She didn't give me butterflies 
 She gave me pterodactyls 
 I'm talking terrible internal bruising 
 And the first time I kissed her was like the first time I saw fireworks 
 Which was like the sky first kissing me in the eyeballs 
 In high school the self-defense counselor taught us 
 That to defend ourselves against a rapist 
 By sticking a thumb into the corner of his eye socket 
 And popping it out like a grape 
 Babe, for the chance to be with you 
 I would pop my own eyeballs out and say, "Here. I only have eyes for you." 
 So everywhere you went you'd carry me around in your pocket 
 And every time you pulled out a handful of loose change 
 I'd get to wink at you and a thousand miles away 
 You would think of how charming I am 
 Me- weaving blindly through LA traffic. You- in some bullshit other place 
 But you shouldn't leave first times until the end of summer 
 Because you went off to college, years passed 
 And I realized I was the only one calling anymore 
 And that first kiss hardened into the last 
 My love: retarded, preserved, a pterodactyl in a tar pit 
 The music over before it started, a lost guitar pick 
 I've stopped trying to match it, searching for that magical attachment 
 Because marriages are not fucking Disney 
 Bad marriages are sandcastles 
 Good marriages are McDonald's hamburgers 
 You can leave a good marriage on a plate in the sun for fifty years 
 And it stays pretty much the same 
 They key, I hear, is to fight routine 
 To make the smallest moments gleam and mean something 
 And if you ever feel yourself fading 
 Face paint your old and aging creased-up cheeks gold-plated 
 With a jar of first-time and if you need a youthful spruce-up 
 Just grab a tube of that new juice and lube up 
 And if you're hurting just rub the good stuff where you're burning 
 But a word of warning 
 The first time tends to make the bad times worse 
 There's the rub 
 It doesn't make things better, just louder 
 It amplifies a murmur... er-er 
 Great is greater. Greater is greaterer. 
 And broke... is broker. Bone... is boner 
 It's not a perfect formula 
 But the first time that I kissed you, the door of your crappy Civic 
 Already half-open, you said "I'm glad you did that." 
 And I have a feeling that, for you, it wasn't a first-time 
 It was a "this one time." 
 But I will remember that moment for the rest of my life 
 Even if I have to arm wrestle Alzheimer's for it 
 And if I ever get a chance to kiss you again, you know, a second time 
 I'm gonna stick my tongue out and lick you right across your face 
 Because I've already kissed you. But I never licked you 
 And you'll say, "Ugh. Why did you do that?" 
 And I'll say, "Hey sexy. 
 Did someone slap you across the face with a banana slug 
 Or is that a big shiny trail of first-time on your cheek. 
 Maybe we can go back to my place and gets some first-time on the sheets." 
 It's worth it 
 After all, there's nothing like the first time 
 The first time's always perfect