Once upon a time in a remote Tasmanian trailer park 
 There was born a baby boy by the name of Nedson Willbry 
 One day when Nedson was a baby, his crackhead teen mum 
 Got real distracted watching Teen Mum on the telly and dropped Ned right on his noggin 
 Leaving a bump on top of his head 
 The little bean stopped squirming 
 And his mum thought he was surely done for 
 So mummy brought the tiny bundle to the forest during a terrible storm 
 And left him for dead in a field of pumpkins and wolves 
 But just then lighting struck 
 And a cry cut through the night light like a siren on a fire truck 
 Ned survived by the slightest luck, he wasn't a dead baby, Neddy was alive as fuck! 
 It was a miracle we're hearing 
 The creatures of the evening came creeping to the clearing 
 To see this little man nugget 
 Soon to be immortalized in poetry just like the man from Nantucket 
 But as the little babe was grown 
 They gave to him their home 
 And raised him as their own 
 He roamed and trapezed from the tallest trees (whee!) 
 He got his steez from the wallabies 
 They all loved him 
 But the Tasmanian Devils loved little Neddy more than all of 'em 
 They taught him how to spin like a fan 
 'Til Ned spun himself into a fine young man 
 But one day like a sick disease 
 Loggers crept in and chopped the eucalyptus trees 
 They smushed the cuddly forest creatures 
 And turned 'em into body wash and sneakers 
 But Ned escaped and yelled angrily 
 That "You abandoned me! 
 You killed my family! 
 But God dammit, I can't use your pity" 
 And he snuck onto a ship bound for New York City 
 Ned's voyage led him to the deepest, darkest, dankest bowels of that ship 
 He met all kinds of seedy characters on that voyage, like old Japanese men and their wives 
 He had meals of fresh cut sashimi, pumpkin pie 
 And all kinds of delicious breads and cookies and cakes 
 When he was on that voyage he knew what lied ahead 
 So he kept his sights set on New York City 
 Ned almost drowned 
 He kissed the ground 
 But his guts were churned up in this town 
 Where down was up and up was down 
 So the boy from Down Under flipped right around 
 Ned did a cartwheel and stopped halfway 
 And he walked on his palms from that day 
 But cityfolk treated Ned like a freak 
 "That handwalking lumpheaded Yeti can't speak" 
 One night walking home Ned was quite shocked 
 He saw a B-boy spinning on the sidewalk 
 He couldn't stop, wouldn't stop 
 Staring at those limbs, spinning like a wooden top 
 Sweeter than puddin' pop, Ned was home at last 
 And every night he'd watch 'em dance through the glass 
 Of the club, and he'd wait there in line for his chance 
 But the bouncer said, freak, you can't dance! 
 Oh but Ned, sweet little Ned, he wouldn't get out of line 
 And the bouncer pushed him, and pushed him 
 But to catch his balance, Ned, hardheaded, upside down Ned did what Ned did best 
 He just spun. And he spun. And he spun. And he spun! 
 (Go Ned, go Ned, go, go, go Ned!) 
 Everyone in the club came out to watch what is now regarded 
 As the greatest fucking head spin of all time 
 Legend has it that Ned's still out there on Bleecker Street 
 Spinning on the curb to this very day