Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for? 
 I'm a phenomenon, and I gotta bring pain in the Octagon 
 When I wanna spit game at a soccer mom, I get it quicker than the left lane on the Autobahn 
 Fast, like Ramadan, and I battle young Padawans all the damn day 
 I'm getting "nekked," and I'm hopping on a wrecking ball so hot, I got that mothafucka a la flambé 
 I go to Miley's house; I see that Miley's home 
 I play Miley's ribcage with my dick, like it's a xylophone 
 Yes, that was highly fucked up, but my skills are highly honed 
 And if I was highly hyphy, I might be more widely known 
 C'est la vie; better pay my fee 
 They kick it in Seattle in a Patagonia jacket, they get it in the Bay in a plain white tee 
 Hey, mami, you a PYT 
 Wanna see me speak? Then I go (go) go (go) go (go) 
 Every time I get a beat I know I gotta beat it up, I bend it then I break it, then I chop it, and I eat it up 
 And PETA would never approve of the way I've been treating the music; I bleed it 
 I bruise it; I kick it to the curb, and then I'm sipping on my bourbon; I be freakin it doing it; keeping it moving 
 I'm picking apart the muscle when I'm thinking about the hustle, but I'm nice, nice 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for? 
 I'll jump the freeway median; I'm savage 
 'Cause my mode is that I'm meaner than the average 
 Like my teacher taught me when I heard the crowd applaud 
 I thought I was a atheist until I realized I'm a God 
 It could hurt a bit when I murder shit 
 In a moment, I'll be tying off a tourniquet 
 When I burn 'em, and I hit 'em in the sternum, I don't even gotta enter, but I'm gonna win the tournament 
 That's what I'm all about: do what I gotta do and never gonna pout 
 And I hope that it woulda been the end of it, and I'm out, but they never tend to gimme the benefit of the doubt 
 Ever since I was a little kid, I know that I've been looking for the hot, hot spotlight 
 And if you really wonder what I think about the competition, they were not, not, not tight 
 I've been reading my scripture. Every photobomber wanna be in my picture 
 And ya betta bet I'm living every single day like it's the mothafuckin Catalina Wine Mixer 
 Bada bing bada boom, when I walk in I'm the king of the room 
 And I get it locked in like a king in a tomb; when I spit a toxin and they cough on the fumes 
 'Cause I'm back in the nick of time and attacking a fickle mind I'm a jackal I'll rip his hid I'ma tackle him, pick a fight 
 I be Dracula set to bite in the black of the bitter night and I'm out... poof 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for? 
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for? 
 (Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for?) 
 (Whoa, whoa, whoa, what do you take us for?)