I know my momma loves me 
 I know my father loves me 
 I know the camera loves me 
 I can tell my brother loves me 
 I know that Boston loves me 
 And San Francisco loves me 
 I love the city back, 
 I just can't help it, 
 It's so lovely 
 I'm in my lucky underwear, I'm feeling debonair 
 If it's a lonely trip to heaven, I'm already there 
 I'm in the bedroom and I'm like stepping like I'm Fred Astaire 
 I make it happen, battle rapping at my teddy bear 
 When I was twelve I'd leave my door open a crack 
 Afraid of getting busted sneaking porno on my Mac 
 I guess I was a freak until I got caught last week 
 (Who's been loving you?) 
 I was reading Booker T, I threw the book at me 
 I go for the lookers but they never look at me 
 I would get a hooker if I could unhook her bra 
 I'd be looking soft as soon as she took her top... off 
 Let's go rolling in a broken Winnebago 
 Stop and smoke a bowl out of a hollowed-out potato 
 It's hash now, but it's hash browns soon 
 (Who's been loving you?) 
 I know that Jesus loves me 
 I know that Buddha loves me 
 The fucking Easter Bunny 
 And the ghost of Gandhi love me 
 I know that Santa loves me 
 I think my Aunties love me 
 I know my Grandma loved me 
 She thought I was handsome trust me 
 This insanity, that's heredity 
 It's my family, we can let it be 
 Wish I pretended that my mom and dad are dead to me 
 But I love my dad, that motherfucker read to me 
 My first words were "Where's the love?" 
 Mad smug, assed up on a bearskin rug 
 Oh fashodo, my mom'll show you the photo 
 (Who's been loving you?) 
 I do embarrassing better I could wear a pink sweater 
 With a pair of slick pleather pants 
 Derelict e-ve-ry day and it's well known that I hop off stage with my cell phone 
 Fake a dropped call when everybody's near me 
 And shout "I love you Mom!" so everybody hears me 
 I needed to and true it's nothing new but 
 (Who's been loving you?) 
 Even though I owe them money 
 I think it's pretty likely 
 That my whole family loves me 
 My lovers tend to like me 
 I know my homies love me 
 My teachers loved to hate me 
 The haters love to fuck with me 
 The fickle love me lately 
 I'm a percussionist, I never knew guitar. 
 It's cheesy, but I'm stunting like a superstar 
 It's easy man I'm hopping out a moving car 
 Call me Wheezy 'cause I'm coughing at the hookah bar 
 And I don't do cigars, but I got hella game 
 I'll make a lady out of styling gel and cellophane 
 So you can yell my name, I make the bed frame move 
 (Who's been loving you?) 
 Me and my better friends are heading to the town strip 
 If they don't let us in we'll never take a round trip 
 Because I took an hour picking out my outfit 
 And then I took another slicking down a cowlick 
 And I like house sitting, but fuck it now's different 
 I'm going out and there ain't a bouncer for cow tipping 
 So I'm a tear this joint up 
 And I'm a party till the hoofs point up 
 (Who's been loving you?) 
 This is for Charles Barkley 
 This is for Poison Ivy 
 And it's for Draco Malfoy 
 And it's for Bill O'Reilly 
 This is for Ned Mencia 
 It's for the corporate lawyers 
 It's for the backseat drivers 
 And for my friend Ann Coulter