Bi-dah! 
 To answer your question: 
 Looking out my window 
 Talking to my cat like he's kinfolk 
 I sip a Coke and I drink slow 
 I'm in limbo 
 No plan B 
 No girlfriend, I just need to meet a nympho 
 But I won't 'cause I'm more sensitive than my lymph nodes 
 And they give too much info 
 You can't upzip 
 After saying dumb shit 
 Like I hear your name every time the wind blows 
 I gave a chilly chick my jacket and my skin froze 
 And then she jacked it and just ran off with my thin clothes 
 I guess that shit makes her a heartbreaker in my windbreaker 
 I'm not tripping off the bimbos, I just think about the puns that I can spit later 
 She couldn't salt me, she was just a hip shaker 
 And to answer the question that you implied in your eyes 
 No, I don't think that I'm smarter than a fifth-grader 
 (Hey!) 
 Ladies, ladies, ladies 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 Women, women, women 
 Honeys, honeys, honeys 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 Girlies, girlies, girls 
 Ladies, ladies, ladies 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 It's so bunnies 
 Women, women, women 
 And my honeys, honeys 
 Whatever 
 Reality valedictorian 
 Graduated to the next level and I hopped in my DeLorean 
 Aurora borealis in my rearview, man it's glorious 
 Waking up at noon, I'm notorious 
 I'm gonna roll the dice, I'm very lucky, but fuck it 
 Papa needs a new pair of Huggies 
 In this life of hard knocks 
 Feeling like the Hulk (wha!), I throw my enemies against the wall across the room Like they were my alarm clock 
 After dark, car parked right on our block 
 Arm wrapped around the card stock chick propped up in the passenger seat for a Sweet one-way heart to heart talk 
 I think I'm ahead of my age like I'm Dippin' Dots 
 The women that I've dated really seem to think I'm odd - strange 
 They just nod 
 Which is hard without a head on their shoulders like Ichabod, Crane 
 (Hey!) 
 Ladies, ladies, ladies 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 Women, women, women 
 Honeys, honeys, honeys 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 Fillies, fillies, fillies 
 Ladies, ladies, ladies 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 Sexy so-in-sos 
 Women, women, women 
 Excess chromosomes 
 (Hey!) 
 Huh? 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 What's a fourth word for girls? 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!) 
 ...Really weird 
 Like, are you like, are you drunk right now? 
 You're drunk! 
 Okay, look, no... 
 I had, like, a drink, but honestly, like, I-I 
 I haven't been allowed to drink, and to be honest with you 
 You know, true story, I didn't drink at all during high school 
 And I had a lot of fun 
 I was a designated driver for three years 
 And I didn't touch a drink until it was legal in Europe 
 On a backpacking trip after I graduated 
 So there 
 I-I-I might be a little drunk now