(Feat. buddy guy and shareefa) 
 Hey there 
 Hey 
 How are you 
 Muah everything cool 
 I don't know, I'm trying to see if you gon like it 
 I'm gon love it 
 Hey hey hey hey hey... 
 Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo 
 My daddy told me this industry ain't what you think it is and everyday you will be gone you will think of your kids 
 No matter what they throw at you, get your biscuit and grits, get your kibbles and bits 
 Ain't no riddles I spit see the devil is a shady one he lay up in yo crib and just when you find happiness he run away with it 
 Then you back to the drawing board and don't know what to do and feelin' like you all alone and don't know who is who. but its just like you, its just like me, its simply it's 1 and 2 its just like 3 
 Don't try to cuff it, let it flow and let it breathe, and if you love it let it go and let it leave, and if it's so it come back runnin' then you embrace don't be like any other woman and turn your face, just shake it off like it ain't nothin' and hold your weight 'cause pain make your heart toughen, it can't break you. 
 (Chorus: shareefa) 
 They say 
 'Cause you got a kid, you done did it big 
 What, you tryna live? 
 (They say) 
 Think you doin' wrong 
 They don't understand 
 Just where you're comin' from 
 (They say) 
 (Somethin' here) 
 Only people go (?) 
 They intentions show 
 But they won't break me 
 It's like I'm all alone in this shit and ain't nobody trying to lend a hand to a bitch. my baby askin why his daddy don't love him yet I swear to god it's like a bullet goin' through my chest. I'm trying to make it by myself but scared of breaking down, I slit my wrist and tell god to come and take me now 
 See it's a battle wit my body and I'm losin bad 
 I got a boy, darkchild, and don't know who the dad 
 That shit is sad 
 But we pushin on through the struggle 
 Why bitches be up in the streets if they don't fuckin' hustle 
 That's for them knuckleheads 
 Boi I put that on my uncle 
 I'm from the side of tracks where niggas in the black'll truck you 
 Act like a bitch and put it down for the gang sign 
 (Somethin') with hese niggas at the same time 
 A thin line between the hood and the hood fad 
 Don't let the game take me out 
 I'm takin' out the game that's on them thangs 
 It's like I go too hard for the people 
 And every time I hit the booth I'm just promotin evil 
 And I don't wanna send the wrong message to tha kids 
 But what about my niggas lock up and doin' bids 
 And all my niggas on the block duckin from the feds 
 Just keep ya head tied nigga do it how ya live 
 And all my baby mommas hell naw I can't forget 
 Don't let no mothafucka tell you how to rasie them kids 
 I'm on the borderline of fucked up and asses out 
 This remy got me spinnin think I'm fin'a pass out 
 Father forgive me 'cause I'm caught up in this (fair crout?) 
 But I don't know no betta 
 See all I know is chedda 
 Raised int he go-getta 
 They say the situations drastic a cold (retta?) 
 They say some nigga just got blasted was no sweata 
 Its unbelievable them last days is gon' catch up 
 Be tryna make it through the gates but he won't let ya