(Feat. Lil Wayne, Ludacris, Too $hort) 
 Ludacris: 
 You know we had to do a remix right 
 Pharrell: 
 Yezzir 
 Ludacris: 
 Hood anthem... let's goo... Whoa!..hey who'd have ever thought this would make it to the radio... Shawnna you a fool for this one... ha ha... special shout out to Bill Clinton 
 I was gettin' some head... gettin' gettin' some head... I was gettin' some head... gettin' gettin' some head... I was gettin' some head... gettin' gettin' some head... I was with the kind of gurl that make ya toes pop 
 Shawnna: 
 Remix! 
 Shawnna: 
 Check it... 'cause I love that hood fashion... got a couple of sips... and I'm off the rip ready for action nigga fuck who you wit... 'cause I be the bitch and it ain't no askin why they all on my tip... 'Cause I get them benjamins and Jacksons and they all in my grip... tell me who you know could spit that ill flow and make niggas sick... betta tell that stupid bitch to chill hoe it ain't on that shit... See the fitted cap... I keep it real roe... stay on my lid... now he wanna ask me how it feel 'cause he say I'm that bitch... let me slow it down and make a move wit it... do what it do wit it... now that I got me some... gon let my crew hit it... we smokin' bubble gum... chunky and blueberry... and berry get it crunk... we make it juke mannie... and then givin' head... shawty ya too scary... I got my bitches in the lac... I'm in that new caddy... its time to get it poppin'... shawty is you ready... I put that pussy on his face but it was too heavy... 'cause I was... 
 Too Short: 
 [Weezy:] (Shawnna... wat up... I like what you doin' shawty) 
 Weezy: 
 Weezy back of the Phantom tell him driver don't look... I tell her do ya thang and when you finished write a book... I sit back in the chair and then I break out the kush... I hope she like banana 'cause I got that fruit by the foot... She say she love me well I love her when the lights dim... you can depend on her to catch it like a tight end... santa claus... I leaver her wit a white chin... yes I get alot of neck like a biuren... 85 on the bridge hat to the side... 23 inch Yokahamo flats on the ride... Young Stunna baby girl is ya up on it... they go so hard man I gotta wear a cup on it... I'm the hottest thang around and if she like to catch then imma take 'em out... she said she don't do it but I am not a clown... if I get her to my room... she goin' down 
 Pharrell: 
 Man I make a feign for that blow... they be pumpin the p-p... be pumpin them hoes... stick out they ass... look how they tell me just go... you ain't fuckin' wit me when it come to these hoes... blast fast across the chin... what I'm sayin' to them man I don't pretend... push one button... have the poor bitch dunkin... keep it goin' like the grill in the air fuckin'... she's a freakshe wants E's and the purple dro... show her keys in the sturtigo shertigo... she said hurt her though... in the cervical... she mean murder though... give her vertigo... ball-a-g... ain't no apology... wanna have a couple words but apology... man I seen ya sports car but its smaller b... the enzo is outside fo ya all to see... Nigga look at my chain... look at my reigns... rocks and watches bracelets bling... keepin' it goin' nigga till the break of dane... can't compare so you just complain... mad as a bitch what... grabbin ya bitch... get OJ and start slappin ya bitch... I'm AC here's a cap for ya bitch... while me and my nigga sit there and laugh at ya bitch... 
 AC gotta stay mayne... neva let 'em see you sweat that's the rule mayne... hit it till we through mayne... send her back to you mayne... thas what we do mayne... bubble gum chew mayne... other than that catch me gettin' some bread... when you see my billboards I'll be (I'll be) yezzir 
 Ludacris: 
 I'm my bed mindin my business bout five in the mornin... gettin' head a wonderful feelin' I'm high and I'm zonin... from this fire I was smokin' and I'm chokin on that fruity wile this lil cutie's chokin on me... right down to the tonsils them glands had to be swollen... they call me the head honcho... when man I keep it goin' you think it was in slow motion and I beat 'em like they stole it... specially rollin' off a little ecstasy... I'm a hurrican sippa (sippa)... make 'em see stars when they call me the big dippa (dippa)...spit a few bars grab my tools and I drill her (drill her)...jump in my car and I'm countin' up my scrilla (scrilla) imma giggolo giggolo... ya man might be aiight but ludacris is a killa though... so gone and ask around you can see what its hittin fo... makin' ya girl bed... me and my third leg... if I'm talkin' on the phone I forgot what you said 'cause I was...