All rise, order in the court 
 The honorable judge muthafuckin' Too Short 
 Presidin' over Superior Players Court 
 First case is the State vs. Fate Wilson A.K.A. Baby Flex 
 You bein' charged wit home invasion and hoe slaughter 
 For fuckin' another nigga's bitch 
 Listen close to what I say, dog, it might hurt ya 
 I be cuttin' ya girl while you be goin' to work bruh 
 When she first called my conscience was like, "Hell naw, Fate don't" 
 But she said, "I'm only around the corner", and popped her li'l punt 
 Apartment 5701, told her I was eatin' right now 
 Be over there when I get done, got there, knocked on the door 
 She opened up the door half naked, lookin' exquisite 
 Ackin' mad 'cause I ain't spoke to her since the last time a nigga hit it 
 She said, "Don't worry forget it since 'cause we only have 30 minutes" 
 'Fore her man came home for lunch, so I bust my nut and raised up with 
 Five minutes to spare, her man unaware, I saw him in traffic 
 Beeped the horn and threw a deuce in the air, yeah, I'm a playa 
 But I feel guilty 'bout cuttin' a broad 
 I need counsellin' dog, 'cause it's guilty as charged 
 Simply because I felt victim to lust and 
 Knowin' all the while it was my cousin' girlfriend I had been fuckin' 
 (Damn) 
 The court finds you guilty as charged 
 Your sentence is PUI school 
 For pimpin' under the influence, nigga 
 Next case 
 Oh, we got us a repeat offender in the house 
 Jenny Jones A.K.A. Shawnna 
 Same ol' charge, wanted in 8 states 
 What's yo story this time? 
 Oh yes, yo' honor I see we talkin' again 
 I have no representation now shall we begin? 
 I know you seen my face before but hold on my friend 
 It's niggas gettin' away with doin' the same shit I did 
 I can't do no bid, I got a mortgage and my kids in a forest by the bridge 
 And I drives a Rolls Royce in a porridge with dem grills 
 So you understand I was tryna pay me some bills 
 When I was flippin' outta state while I was takin' a chill 
 Shootin' deem and a couple friends, spend a couple ends 
 Took the top off of the drop and let the bubble spin 
 Niggas got off in my knot and let them troubles in 
 So I decided to put that shit in my own hands 
 None of these hoes can fuck me, only God judge me 
 That man told me he love me and he flash money 
 My only crime could just be livin' it filthy 
 So let me hear it on mo' time, not guilty 
 Bailiff, take her into custody 
 Oh, no, not my baby 
 Hell naw 
 Next case 
 State vs. Velvet Jones A.K.A. Ludacris 
 You bein' charged with impedin' ho traffic 
 Spendin' too much time tryna fuck one hoe 
 How do you plead Mr. Jones? 
 Man, I'm the pimp of all pimps and y'all comin' up short 
 Calm down before I hold yo ass contempt of court 
 Ya honor, just be cool, let me approach that bench 
 And sprinkle seasonin' on yo ears on how I choked that beeutch 
 Well, did she promise you the pussy, mayn? 
 She certainly did I got empty McDonald's cups in my car and my crib 
 She owe me sumthin', bitch betta show me sumthin' 
 Wrap her legs around my waist and start to throw me sumthin' 
 I'm simply the meanest, you lookin' at the stroke of a genius 
 The only verdict made should be the subpoena uh this penis 
 No objections or appeals, let's cut us a deal 
 And I promise to tell the truth if my partner don't squeal 
 She's awfully cautious, said the jury makes her nauseous 
 And she said she'd suck my dick if I dropped the charges 
 Oh, no, time to make ya kidneys shift but didn't you fuck her best friend? 
 Oh, I plead the fifth 
 Yeah, that sound like some shit you'll say 
 Ol' pimp ass nigga 
 Due to lack of evidence, I'm droppin' the charges 
 Don't let me see you in here again 
 Let this be a lesson learned, if you don't know your player rules 
 You liable to violate the game and get sent away for a long, long time 
 Remember never hate on a real player 
 It ain't gon' get you nowhere, mayn 
 It's a lotta hoes out there player so 
 Ain't no reason for you to fuck ya best friend 
 Or ya cousin or ya brother's girl 
 Get ya own bitch, mayn, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 You runnin' around here 
 Violatin' major player rules 
 You 'bout to get the muthafuckin' book thrown at yo bitch ass 
 Fuckin' 'round in this court 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 It's all about the money, baby 
 If it ain't about the money, it ain't about shit 
 To all you niggas runnin' 'round here 
 Corny than a motherfucker 
 Just tryna fuck a bitch 'cause you wanna get a nut off 
 Think about that money first, mayn 
 What is that bitch doin' for you? 
 What are you gettin' outta the situation? 
 Tryna give a bitch sumthin' 
 What you gon' give her sumthin' for, some pussy? 
 It's trickin', mayn, don't be a beeutch 
 Be a real pimp, nigga 
 Make that hoe pay you for every thang you do 
 Every thang you do you gotta get money, mayn all day, all night 
 I wouldn't fuck a bitch for free 
 Just like I wouldn't rap for free, motherfucker 
 Yeah, you know my favorite word, beeutch