(Shawnna talking) 
 Posted... ah... mo'fucca... 
 Posted... ah-ah... mo'fucca... 
 Posted... haah... mo'fucca... 
 Posted... c'mon... yo... 
 I ain't dat bitch dat'll be in the club 
 With niggaz actin' like itz sweet in the club 
 I'll bust a mo'fucca meat in the club 
 And bitchez steppin' on my feet in the club 
 Tryina see who they can freak in the club 
 A mo'fucca wanna speak in the club 
 Like a mo'fucca really know me in the club 
 Got my fitted on, chiefin' on leaf in the club 
 Look around, gotta see who want pee in the club 
 See them lame niggaz sippin' Don P in the club 
 When you smellin' 'gnac, matterfact, we in the club 
 White tee's and them Air Force, deep in the club 
 Throwin' up a sign, nigga wha, street in the club 
 Make yo head nod 'cause my joint beat in the club 
 For them niggaz that'd spend they whole week in the club 
 And the bitchez dat be drunk and wanna beef in the club 
 And them hataz that'll see they blood leak in the club 
 You can't breathe in the club 
 It's called... 
 Posted... 
 Post in the back, post in the front 
 Posted up outside, smokin' a blunt 
 Post in the window, blowin' tha indo 
 Post with my kinfolk 
 Post in the cut 
 Post in the back, post in the front 
 Posted up outside, smokin' a blunt 
 Post in the window, blowin' tha indo 
 Post with my kinfolk 
 Post in the cut 
 Yo... this nigga said this sound like some ole' N.O.R.E. shit 
 Yeah, I'm fuckin' wit that N.O.R.E. shit 
 I'll be dat bitch in the drop-top, aqua-blue, gourmet ??? 
 E'rry nigga finna swore they here 
 We on the block and I'm *Grindin'* Jack 
 With a 50-pack and some 20's 
 Helicopters on dem hot Bentley's 
 Ain't got no time for these bitchez 'cause it's over now 
 You ain't leavin' out in stitchez 'cause I'm sober now 
 Hittin' Hot 97 with a hundred thou' 
 Bring yo main bitch up in it, I'ma run her style 
 Yeah I'm cocky, thinkin' I plan, well bitch watch me 
 Post in the game, my niggaz on bricks got me 
 Put it on my kids, I did it for years, mami 
 Send it to my nig'z who doin' they biz, papi 
 Mo'fucca betta recognize some shit 
 'Cause god damn, Def Jam shouldn'ta signed a bitch 
 That's why I'm... 
 When I'm posted in the hood, I'ma bang my shit 
 Only real mo'fuccaz get to hang in the brickz 
 This fo' ???? 
 All my thug mo'fuccas keepin' weight on dem Kedz 
 It's called posted, nigga betta act like you know the gutter 
 Posted, niggaz see the Ac and the peanut butter 
 Posted, hoody with the black bandanna under 
 Posted, lookin' through the back for the undercover 
 Posted, even when I'm flippin' the spots 
 See the cops on the next block, checkin' my watch 
 Coupla shortiez in the parkin' lot, holdin' them rocks 
 It's a hood thang nigga, gettin' blown to drop 
 We all posted, keep it true, neva forget it 
 Nigga, post up, show them mo'fuccaz the bizness 
 I'ma post with my niggaz sippin' Remy and Guinness 
 All my real mo'fuccaz in the game gone feel this 
 It's called...