(Feat. Shyheim) 
 For real, for real... 
 Yo, this is based on a true story, from a Man that lost land... 
 Verse 1: (Cappadonna) 
 I'm goin' all out, I love trout 
 Black is what I be about 
 95-south all the way up, I tear mics up 
 Peep the conduct, wherever lightning struck 
 Tear the jail up, truck with the mind food 
 Truck with jewels, forget babylon rules 
 I'm crusin' with the angels 
 Goin' through Parkhill, let the Gods build and all of that 
 Graduation hats, bigger stacks 
 Y'all hardly ever seen besides cream 
 I got the vaccine for y'all uncle Tom rappers 
 I told y'all before to be easy, Devils attackin' is practice 
 Provocative songs, yeah It's Donna, don't even panic 
 Hold y'all like the Atlantic 
 Pillage at your service 
 Clubs start to get nervous 
 Loose lips, it's like emptyin' clips 
 Packed with the info, join the revolution 
 Slang prostitution, even if you boostin' 
 Play it like you still chill, homicide hill from the other side 
 My Mother sighed, strugglin, poor and tired 
 A Baby that never cried, a family that never died 
 I see everything from the outside. 
 O.T.F. and The Pillage, we all comin' through 
 Watch your back nigga, and your girl watch it too 
 'Cause we conduct big business, raw is how we give this 
 Live this, that's how we conduct big business 
 O.T.F. and The Pillage, hide your shine nigga 
 When we come through, might have to jump on you 
 'Cause we conduct big business, raw is how we live this 
 Give this, that's how we conduct big business. 
 Verse 2: (Shyhiem) 
 I ride shotgun in Cappa's Black ML Four-Twenty 
 Benz Jeep with big boy heat, a Thirty-Thirty 
 Shotgun, pull it out and show you what a thug about 
 Y'all niggas is pussy, that's why y'all get atein' out 
 Niggas hate me now 'cause I be so jig my A.K.A. oughta be Shawn Carter 
 My heart bigger than my ego, eho 
 I put my heart on the line and hit both free throws 
 Yeah, build with a parole hole 
 Guzzle the old Gold with no bag, on the bliddock 
 Holdin' the gliddock, you can't fuck with this shit ock 
 Locks it down like JT from the mothafuckin' liddot 
 S is for my Sons, H I'm not havin' it 'cause I'm not the one 
 A is for the ammo that I keep for my gidd-uns 
 B is for the blood, bandanas, and the bidd-uns 
 C is for the crips, comrads, and the Kenyon 
 We a-alike, b-alike, so we see alike 
 I roll with niggas that stay in jail like Iron Mike 
 I get hype, and keep it gully, interrupt commercial shit. 
 Verse 3: (Cappadonna) 
 God, keep shinin' your light, I got a calling 
 Felt like the Angels were fallin' 
 But with this God given mic I restored the faith 
 My love for the prophets keeps me safe 
 See, I don't have to worry 'cause I know God is great 
 If it wasn't for the Father it wouldn't be a Bill Gates 
 No Bill Clinton, no United States 
 Peep it, explore my mind like a secret 
 If the music ain't good, y'all won't leak it 
 So I give thanks and praise to the almighty 
 The spirit in the music hit y'all lightly 
 Motown Hip-Hop, don't try to fight me 
 I call on the arch angel, cast out the hate 
 All-time Cappacino the great 
 A role model like Treach and Pepa 
 Double L, Will Smith and Jada Pinkett 
 The way I think it, my songs speak to you 
 You better stay focused and the beast won't eat you.