From cuttin' solid Purico to stack Fritos 
 Went from grams to kilos 
 Mac in one hand, in the other hand grands and C-notes 
 Game got my eyes wider than a 430 Buggy 
 No tellin' what the fuck I'll do for this money 
 Stay posted up close with killers and cut throats 
 The thoroughest bitches who in they pussy stuff coke 
 As I cook and cut coke with the bakin' soda Arm and Hammer 
 Palmin' hammers 
 Think you crazy? nigga, my clique's bananas 
 Takin' over with the Mafia 
 Hittin' niggas for they bricks like Gracias 
 The cockiest, it's obvious, it's me, he, who? 
 Confront frontin' niggas like "You want it? well nigga, me too" 
 What the fuck, I'm callin' your bluff, niggas act like they stopped 
 Makin' guns after they made yours 
 I'm sponsored by the NRA, DOA rules 
 Grin and stand over your coffin like "Hey you!" 
 Tell the Devil I'm comin', keep it hot 
 For now I got my eyes on a billboard spot 
 Don't stop. 
 Die for it 
 Take the stand, lie for it 
 Blow trial, get up in the chair and fry for it 
 Never tellin' or snitchin' 
 Rather swim with the fish'n 
 Mothafucka respect it, the commission 
 (First 4 lines with Jamaican accent) 
 I buy and sell bricks with my nigga P.D. 
 Down with the team called B.B.E. 
 Now if you want to join the team you know you must see me 
 Buy ya can't talk to FEDS or dick R.I.D. 
 It's a cold World baby boy, fuck it, I'm colder 
 Animals on my back keep my warm, my armor 
 Frank Lucas persona, warmin' coke up in the sauna 
 Let me warn ya, trip against my team you's a goner 
 Infact it's drastic 
 A couple Million in the mattress 
 With a safe dick I say fuck taxes 
 Rather endulge in duct tape pig tie tactics 
 Crime pays 
 Nigga, Nine-Hundred and Ninety-Nine ways 
 My destiny's vague, will I survive or blow trial? 
 Lay shot up, Puff cryin' in denial 
 While my enemies smile, buried in style 
 Gucci suits and cufflings 
 Sneakin' drugs through Heavens customs. 
 POP POP POP! warning shot, who's to blame 
 Shyne mothafucka, don't forget the name 
 Stretch the Caine, to cop the house and the plane 
 Till my Massacre, slain 
 Brains hang from the window of my Range 
 Fuck the FEDS, 2 green and one red 
 Firm tight, hold the dice in this game of life 
 Aces suffice 
 Paper's a must 
 Fallen Angels and Angel dust 
 My team do dirt to avoid layin' in the dust 
 Million dollar portraits in my fortress 
 Of course it's Po 
 Bloodstainin', aeroplanin', Four-Hundred horses slow 
 Platinum cable, round table, so all the bosses know 
 I'm takin' over 
 'Cause they coke got too much bakin' soda 
 They say money ain't everything 
 You fuckin' right nigga, it's the only thing 
 In God we trust, the Holy thing 
 I look into my enemy's eye 
 Let 'em know you play fly you go out Kennedy style.