Leave nigga layin' stiffer than my dick when it's up in a tight clit 
 Return the Devils hate by fuckin' a white bitch 
 Bitches ain't shit but some hips, 
 Tits, clits, and some fat lips to wrap around my dick 
 Check it, ghetto girl in designer type 
 She could get it 'long as the vagina tight 
 Keep they nose numb, high off of china white 
 Kinda like the quartz, I knock 'em down, runnin' through my system, 
 Pussy ain't right hit 'em with a aww naaaw 
 If the head right get remanded behind bars bizarre 
 Grand jury endightment, lifetime sentence, stash my coke in they bra 
 The hustl-ar, y'all custom-ar's 
 Posted up on Broadway in a custom R 
 25 Mil' in the trunk 
 Nicky Barnes style on my way to the trunk 
 Bitch lets bump. 
 Chorus (Shyne and Female) 
 No, (fuck these bitches, fuck these bitches, fuck 'em) 
 I don't love these bitches, fuck these hoes 
 No, (fuck these niggas, fuck these niggas, fuck 'em) 
 I don't love these niggas, fuck these niggas 
 (Till the day that I die never get none of mine) 
 No, (fuck these bitches, fuck these bitches, 
 Fuck these bitches, fuck 'em) 
 I don't love these niggas, fuck these scrubs 
 No, fuck these niggas (Four Karat thug niggas want some love) 
 I'm that nigga Priest from Supafly after he died 
 Reincarnated, keep a bitch wide 
 On the bed tied 
 Like "Uh! Uh! Uh!", stop I'm tired 
 Besides my Moms a bitch' lips never touch my face, 
 Maybe my girl, but I be watchin' her funny 
 Like "Who dick you suckin' while I'm on tour gettin' money 
 Tryin' to wash this crack money?" 
 I give a bitch nothin' but sperm 
 When you niggas gon' learn? 
 Discern queens from sluts, love from lust 
 The ones who ate pussy and take it in the butt 
 20 stacks in my pockets, I'm cheap 
 Fuckin' treatin' a freak to eat 
 I got KY Jelly and grease 
 And a stick of bubble gum bitch, you want a piece? 
 C'mon... 
 Never met a bitch I liked enough to love 
 And I share with my mothafuckin' nigga Buzz 
 Let the Homies get up on it, 
 Treat a bitch like a blunt, hit, hit, pass 
 Head on my dick till she get whiplash 
 Fuck it I'm cold, some bitches is colder 
 Runnin' game just to get up in the Rover 
 Platinum R, Platinum Jehovah 
 Not here bitch, fuck what they told ya' 
 Keys to the condo, Gucci ensamble 
 Gaul streams in Santa Fe' doin' the Mambo 
 Laid back where the shade's at 
 White sand, tan, how many bitches can say that? 
 You want that? we can do that... yeah right 
 Not in your life 
 Stay focused, get my money, every penny 
 Fuck if your legs broke bitch, crawl on ya' belly 
 (Chorus Until Fade)