(Shyne) 
 Geah... new... 
 My niggaz frontin on pumpin and dumpin, leave 'em on the curb 
 Ridin' on twinkies I'm (??) gun under my fur 
 Ma what you prefer? 
 His and hers (?) and villas, dope dealers and killers 
 Who keep it real-a, chase paper fuck bitches they'll always be there 
 Burn blocks, bust your guns, rock your minks with flare 
 Live for the moment, fuck atonement 
 Explain to God when you see him 
 (?) Lease a bigger day, till your paper reach the ceiling 
 Niggaz, we only live once 
 And I don't know about y'all, but shit I'm on mine 
 Like Don Trump, Black Ted Turner, totin burners 
 Open dope spots on every block 
 Jumpin' in and out of cherry drops 
 As the plot thickens, watch glistens 
 Feds trail us, surveil us, tell us 
 Not enough evidence (?) us 
 Teflon, get knocked, put the bail up and get gone 
 In the name of Brooklyn Vietnam 
 And all you fuckin' rappers, for the last time 
 The last name ain't Junior, my name is Shyne 
 Now take a paternity test, there's no relation 
 I'm the fuckin' king, nobody stands adjacent 
 All I wanna do is get a brand new fifth 
 And a few ki's, spend some cheese 
 All I wanna do is see my homies stay fly 
 Until we all day, and spend some cheese 
 All I wanna do is get this money washed 
 So I can lay back, and spend some cheese 
 Get right, live life, spend some cheese 
 G's ice, gun fights, spend some cheese 
 (Shyne) 
 Bandana wrap, under my fitted hat 
 I got mines stacked, nigga where yo' ticket at? 
 Floatin countin' the two turbo's 
 Bitches I burned know Shyne Poe; Bad Boy - who's fuckin' with that? 
 I done burnt down New York, ran through D.C. 
 And this rap shit here, ain't nothin' to me 
 Got my murder game down for real 
 Gave lead showers to any coward who sold me flour 
 Poe's my power - these rappers frontin like they uncut raw 
 I'll be the first to tell ya, they talcum powder 
 Actin' like I know them, I owe them 
 Till I blow them, and leave they face in they fuckin' scrotum 
 One change on the pike, under the moonlight 
 Headin nowhere fast, Desert in the airbags 
 Death's around the corner so I make detour slide to the Rucker 
 Firelli's burnin rubbers 
 Pull up in front, let my shit bump 
 Hop out, no respect for the cops 
 Got the glock out, lookin' for a knockout 
 Somethin' to put a seed in, nah nigga 
 Just somethin' I can put some ki's in, come on 
 (Shyne) 
 Nigga wait, push rhymes, push fives 
 Push wigs back, push weight 
 Runnin' narcotics in over twenty-one states 
 Thuggin' and buggin I'll crack your fuckin' chestplates 
 It's good old America the great, the land of the G 
 Home of the slave 
 Where corrupt politicians and black gangsters is made 
 Where you die at 25, shot up in your Merced's 
 Ridin' on blades, livin' for today 
 Fuck peace, bustin' at the police 
 Young black and just don't give a fuck 
 You'd think it was the Olympics the way niggaz be sprintin 
 And jumpin' when my (?) bust, pullin up in bigger trucks 
 Like what? Hand on my nuts 
 White gold smile, high profile 
 Bitches love the style 
 How the fur's fittin, gangster slur spittin' 
 For my niggaz in Lewisburg sittin' 
 I got to get it like Sisqo 
 It's the Don-da-Don-Don-Don 
 Switch flows faster than cops can shoot a black 
 As them bricks keep turnin' and them blocks keep burnin, c'mon 
 (Chorus 4X to fade)