It's a new day in the rap game! 
 Nobody sells records but Shyne Po! 
 My life had it's ups and downs, but I don't regret nothin' 
 I had the whole tri-state high, nigga I ain't frontin' 
 At Fifteen I sold my first bag of dope 
 Used to stick Dominicans, burner under the coat 
 Gettin' like 15 grams, a half a Ki 
 At Fifteen man, a nigga just glad to be 
 Gettin' some shorts, me and my Man from a Hundred and Fifth 
 He knew some Dominican niggas that wanted a clique 
 To hold 'em down, shoot niggas in the head 
 Throw 'em out windows if they were late with the bread 
 Basically I'm enforcin' 
 Around heavy coke, when nobody's lookin' I'd be dippin' in the portion 
 They wasn't missin' it 
 So I got my hustle on the side, flippin' it 
 Sellin' like 500 bottles and Nicks, started minor 
 But I always knew I'd turn a big apple into cider. 
 Niggas... niggas just ain't built like me... 
 Stand up niggas... since 15 
 I been servin' fiends and loadin' magazines... 
 Takin' shots... burnin' blocks... 
 This ain't no fuckin' rap. 
 Everything was everything till my Man got pinched 
 He had a shoot-out with the cops in front of the precinct 
 Other than that, I went from enforcer to movin' product, straight white 
 Powder now, gettin' it 
 The hardest nigga in the street 
 My first car was a 190 Benz with Louie Vaton seats 
 Buyin' out the bar at the rooftop 
 I had a few spots 
 One called the jukebox 
 Where I was gettin' like 50 a brick 
 2 or 3 bricks a day, makin' mothafuckas sick 
 My Cousin Ron a crook from the Brook was torchin' 
 Any niggas whisperin' or talkin' 'bout extortion 
 Shit was goin' right and only one better 
 When I got my Italian connect, hittin' me with pure Heroin 
 Moved to 116th, started seein' real dinero then 
 Empire buildin', the shit was takin' flight 
 Had my bitches cuttin' up like 10 Ki's a night 
 Mixin' lactose, Bonita, and Quenii 
 I was the first Black nigga with mafia ties 
 Leased my soul to the Devil with the option to buy. 
 Yo... bangin' for real... 
 Niggas is thinkin' rap, I'm thinkin' laundromat... 
 We washin' this money... 
 You think this shit is about rhymes... 
 You'll find yourself under the fuckin' ground... you know?.. 
 We get low when the Feds is in town... 
 This is justice... 
 We playin' the pop charts and still lettin' them things pop off... 
 At 21 I was a legend, had the game transformed 
 Controllin' manufacturin' and distribution of Heron 
 Throughout the tri-state, high stakes 
 I spent Hundreds of Thou's out of paper bags 
 You couldn't name a car I ain't have 
 Every minute new tags 
 Seven series to the Five-Sixty drop nigga 
 I was givin' away blocks nigga 
 Fast cars, fast money, slow deaths 
 This things of ours 
 Had me doin' a hundred miles an hour 
 Through the City evadin' the Feds 
 Started this shit called the counsel and we all made a pledge 
 Not to fuck each others bitches 
 Or touch each others riches 
 On top or broke 
 Never break this oath 
 Every nigga in the counsel was a boss 
 We used to put coke on our dick and make bitches suck it off 
 It was all right till I got caught 
 Charged with an Eight-Forty-Eight 
 Behind Marion steel gates 
 Niggas started shittin', actin' bizarre 
 Drivin' my cars, fuckin' my broads, breakin' the laws 
 Same niggas I took care of and got money wit' was on some funny shit 
 If I was different I'd snitch 
 What would you do if you got Millions with niggas and they had no love for ya? 
 Couldn't pay for ya lawyer 
 I figured shit, why sit in a cell to rot? 
 I'll be out in Ten, start over again 
 Throw those boys in the pot, but I couldn't do it 
 You couldn't understand it of you ain't been through it 
 There's rules to this shit and I couldn't break 'em 
 Death before dishonor till I meet Satan... I know he's waitin'. 
 God forgive me... you've never seen a nigga like me in your life... 
 I'm what these lil' niggas rap about... 
 That's me they talkin' 'bout in they rhymes... 
 I did that time... I flipped that dime... 
 Shoot-outs, jet planes, cocaine and automobiles... 
 The Life... love it.