"Where's the fucking money, shit head!" 
 Yo, fucking Paulie Trybe, man 
 Get your muthafucking hand out her asshole 
 We gotta go, fam', we gotta go, kid 
 Yo, get the whip, get the whip! 
 I'll take 21st Century poets that's for a thousand 
 Curly hair or Nubian women get me aroused 
 To the point I wanna gamble it all 
 I was smashing from the back 
 She put her hands on the wall 
 She couldn't take the thrust 
 Only lust like a fiend for the dust 
 Or the pizza from Pezzi, perfect 
 Want to sleep with the crust 
 Or the 740 Alpina, leather seats is a must 
 And my shorty holding a nina 
 Rolling green in a dutch! 
 Bronsolini, organically I rise to paper 
 In the purest form, lyrically derived from nature 
 Like the Amazon, put your cameras on 
 Watch this muthafucka turn into an animal! 
 Light stubble, rock the muzzle like Hannibal 
 Jump off the top of the boat into a cannonball 
 Hoes with gold teeth, we off the coast of Greece 
 In under 3 seconds, muthafucka load the piece 
 Kid, the bag of money coming with me 
 You muthafucka 
 The bag of money coming with me 
 Yeah, the bag of money's coming with me 
 Muthafucka you 
 Surprise! Lauren is in the house 
 I eat fowl birds and keep a hen inside my mouth 
 Always extra, guest featuring with Dr. Lecter 
 Like Bald Head Slick, I hold my mic like a scepter 
 Rest in peace, Guru, son I rep Q-U 
 Chains on chunk 
 They looking at me like "who you?!" 
 These handmade Cubans probably fucking up my posture 
 Pesto sauce properly drizzled upon my pasta 
 No imposter, son I'm authentic 
 Around drugs so much, I'm probably raw scented 
 Bag of money dips, triceps is all dented 
 Precise painting pictures 
 Think about life and then I pen it 
 Nike Air extraordinaire, it's a cold world, prepare 
 That's what it is, dad 
 Winterize your vehicle 
 I love kicks like Action Bronson loves a reefer pull 
 Peace to good, bad girls that let us both sleep with you 
 The bag of bitches coming with me 
 Word up, son, all the bitches coming with me 
 Yeah, yo, the bag of bitches coming with me 
 We go raw son, all the bitches coming with me! 
 We making babies tonight, nigga 
 Yeah, smoke what you want, sniff what you want 
 You wanna have five daddies, you ever have five daddies before? 
 Ayo, 2010, got 'em buzzing like a beeper 
 Round table discussion 
 Conference in Geneva 
 Leaders at the table, poly over nasal 
 Forty seven minutes since the time I lit the basil 
 My rhymes are carte blanche 
 Liver than the Oscars 
 Extra virgin olive oil drizzled on the pasta 
 Fry the bacon, make it sizzle for the chazers 
 Honor in this thing of ours 
 Living like the mobsters 
 Compliments go to the chef and that's the real 
 My crew of goonies in the joint 
 We need some extra veal 
 You know the Caddy got an extra wheel 
 And if I'm ever in a pickle, I can hand a fucking Tek to Steele 
 Take aim and knock an apple off your head 
 And I'm a play like Polamalu 
 You get tackled for the bread 
 We're running in your crib 
 Your shorty shackled to the bed 
 Money laying on the Persian 
 Leaking plasma from the lead 
 And it's on! 
 The bag of money's coming with me, muthafucka 
 (It's all coming with us, nah I mean? 
 Outdoorsmen!) 
 Queens, kid, the bag of money's coming with me 
 Uptown connection, you fucking pussy 
 (Word up, man, It's all marvel 
 Y'all niggas know everything is marvel) 
 Bronsonlini, Bronsolovski, Team Facelift 
 (Everything we drink, everything we smoke 
 Everything we buy, everything we sell 
 It's all marvel!) 
 My muthafucking man Shaz 
 Paulie Trybe, Paulie Walnuts 
 (Action Marvel, Meyhem Marvel, nah I mean?) 
 Machine, Fonda, Tommy Guns 
 (Tommy Marvel, Marvel is everybody's middle name we fuck with 
 Meyhem Marvel Lauren, it's all marvel 
 The bag of money's coming with us)