(Produced by Statik Selektah) 
 (Intro: Action Bronson) 
 Fly Mary in to sing to that cow before we slaughtered it 
 And then I ordered it 
 (Hook: Action Bronson) 
 Don't say a word to me 
 You already committed perjury 
 A bunch of lies and sneaks and I don't play that 
 You know better, you better save that 
 (Verse 1: Action Bronson) 
 Laid by the pool, my legs gettin' massaged by a professional 
 Strictly business, nothin' sexual 
 Seasonal vegetables lookin' exceptional 
 You ain't think I was hot then, now you wanna hum on my testicles 
 I'm from a dirty borough where that Sun don't come out 
 But when the moon come and the goons come, the crew runs 
 Like a big Jamaican, I stand adjacent 
 To that S600 in amazement 
 My time gon' come, I'm headed to the top 
 Like I never wore makeup, and I'm ready for the spotlight 
 You know I got my hoodie on, and it's such a hot night 
 Shit I'm straight from Queens, catch me in the limo like it's prom night 
 (Hook: Action Bronson) 
 (Verse 2: Action Bronson) 
 This that do a hundred in the rental in the rain 
 With the jammy, a day before I have to go to Spain 
 Livin' on the edge, different colored women in my bed 
 Different, different colored linens on my leg 
 My mother said I better win or else she'll fuck me up 
 Ma we did it, I love you, you lucky slut 
 Since I was young I had the husky gut 
 But I'm gorgeous, got money in the pouch just like a tourist 
 Swerve in a Skylark, big piece of the pie chart 
 Bitch this is fine art, I gets my shine on 
 You lyin', dog, you never even put the iron on 
 You drive a Scion, you ain't ridin', dog 
 Me, I'm cell built, grab your chest 
 Still get hit with right hands from left field 
 My life is a kaleidoscope 
 She makes me feel just like I'm high on dope 
 I never calm down, shoot the gun without puttin' my son down 
 (Outro: Big Body Bes) 
 You should have been known who the fuck this was, just by my fuckin' tongue. Big fuckin' Body Bes. You know I'm all over everything now. You know me, you might see my face stamped on a bag of dope, out here gettin' filthy cause you know I got that ooh woo woo. You know me, I go home and change up. I get fresh to fight. Just caught a new fuckin' case. But it's all right though, I got this stupid mothafuckin' lawyer. He told me, "Don't even worry about that shit, Body. I'll make that go away. Now what's for lunch?" I told him, don't worry, I got the hookup. Anything you want. Crown Fried on me, 1 through 6 only. I know your type though, the type of mothafucka wear a three piece suit to go to court, shook to death and you there for smokin' weed. Piece of shit, get the fuck outta here