Y-y-y-you've got ass breath! 
 {*Scratched: "And now a word from our sponsor"} 
 You've got ass breath! You've got ass breath! 
 You've got ass breath! {"A word from our sponsor"} 
 Some confuse ass-breath for strong halitosis 
 It's been hundreds of years since the first diagnosis 
 By the African doctor Mawangi Misoi 
 Known in the states as Mr. Thomas' boy 
 He found that preventing this affliction was lost 
 With the mention of the phrase, "Um yessir boss!" 
 When that phrase was uttered many stomachs would wrench 
 Some jumped in the Atlantic to escape the stench 
 He know that ass-breath came from kissin' ass a lot 
 To be the boss's knight-in-armor like Lancelot 
 Doctor Misoi years later, before he was hanged 
 Developed pills with the taste of lemon meringue 
 Made from ground gunpowder, of Haitian slaves 
 And sweat from Seminoles who just wouldn't behave 
 He tested first on young Nat from the Turner plantation 
 Then sent a batch off to the French speakin' nation 
 It should also be noted a bottle of it was found 
 In the clenched dead hand of the white John Brown 
 Every time it went 'round new people would find it 
 They would take their essence, put it in and grind it 
 In Russia, Africa, Asia too 
 Mao Tse-Tung made the flavors new 
 In Cuba, the people make new shipments 
 Of this pill that is on the FDA shit-list 
 They say it's not recommended to take befo' dinner 
 When supervisin' Presidents and such type sinners 
 Take this pill and say what you wish you said 
 It hardens backbones, they might wish you dead 
 And it's not to be confused with courage juice 
 Which we drank in chains and we still ain't loose 
 These pills really should be taken in groups 
 'Cause ass-breath motherfuckers move with troops 
 MLK took half a pill, procrastinatin' 
 Once he took a whole pill, they assassinate him 
 Take Ass-Breath Killers, to really get down 
 Wherever rocks, fire, and struggle are found 
 When it's time to speak up and you can't make a sound 
 Take the pills that'll make you kick the king in his crown 
 Take Ass-Breath Killers to really get down 
 Wherever rocks, fire, and struggle are found 
 "Dr. Misoi's Ass-Breath Killers" 
 You've got ass-breath 
 You've got ass-breath 
 You've got ass-breath 
 You've got ass-breath 
 The makers of Dr. Misoi's Ass-Breath Killers 
 Are not responsible for corporate losses 
 Or topplings of local regimes and/or governments 
 So you done took the pill, is it workin' yet? 
 (Nah; man is yours workin' yet?) 
 I think mine is about to start workin' now 
 There it goes 
 "Hey what are you guys supposed to be doin'?"