Well now, haha, what have we here? 
 C-c-c-come with it 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 C-c-c-come with it 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 C-c-c-come with it 
 It's almost ten o'clock, see I got a ball of lifted property 
 So I slid my beenie on sloppily 
 And promenade out to take up a collection 
 I got game like I read the directions 
 I'm wishing that I had an automobile 
 As I feel the cold wind rush past 
 But let me state that I am a hustler for real 
 So you know I got the stolen bus pass 
 Just as the bus pulls up and I step to the rear 
 This old lady look like she drank a forty of fear 
 I see my old school partner, said his brother got popped 
 Pay my respects, "Can you ring the bell?" We came to my stop 
 The street light reflects off the piss on the ground 
 Which reflects off the hamburger sign, it turns 'round 
 Which reflects off the chrome of the BMW 
 Which reflects off the fact that I'm broke, now what the fuck is new 
 I need loot, I sweat the motherfucka in the tweed suit 
 I'm in his ass quicker than a kick from a grease boot 
 Eased up slow and discreet 
 Could tell he was suspicious by the way he slid his feet 
 Didn't wanna fuck up the come up, so I 
 Smile with my eyes say, "Hey, how it's hanging, guy?" 
 Bumped into his shoulders but he passed with no reaction 
 Damn, this motherfucka had hella Andrew Jacksons 
 I'm a thief or pickpocket, give a fuck what you call it 
 Used to call ,em fat cats, I just call them wallets 
 Getting federal, ain't just a klepto 
 MasterCard or Visa, I'd gladly accept those 
 Sneaky motherfucka with a scam, know how to pull it 
 Got a mirror in my pocket, but that won't stop no bullets 
 Story just begun, but you already know 
 Ain't no need to get down, shit, I'm already low 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 C-c-c-come with it 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 C-c-c-come with it 
 My footsteps echo in the darkness 
 My teeth clenched tight like a fist in the cold sharp mist 
 I look down and I hear my stomach growling 
 Step to Burger King to attack it like a Shaolin 
 I never pay for shit that I can get by doin' dirt 
 Linger to the girl cashier and start to flirt 
 All up in her face and her breath was like murder 
 Damn, the shit I do for a free hamburger 
 "Well, you got my number you gon' call me tonite?" 
 It depends, is them burgers attached to a price? 
 "Sorry sorry." I'm just kidding, I'mma call you, even write you love letters 
 "It's all good." Thanks for the burgers, emm, hook me up with a Dr. Pepper 
 "That's cool you want some ice?" 
 Yeah, and some fries will be hella nice 
 "Damn, my manager is coming. Play it off, okay? 
 Have a nice day!" I'm up outta here, anyway 
 I use peoples before they use me 
 'Cause you can get got by an uzi 
 Over an oz, that's what an O.G. told me 
 Gots to find some place warm and cozy 
 To eat the vittles that I just got 
 Came to an underground parking lot 
 This place is good as any, fuck it, its all good 
 Walked in, found a car, hopped itself up on a hood 
 Ate my burger, threw back my cola 
 Somebody said "Hey," it was a rent-a-pig, I thought it was a roller 
 "Want me to call the cops?" I don't want them to see me 
 Looked down and saw that I was sitting on a Lamborghini 
 It was Rollses, Ferraris and Jags by the dozen 
 A building door opened, damn it was my cousin 
 Gettin' offa work, dressed up, no lie 
 Tux, cummerbund and a black bow tie 
 I was like Hey - "Who is it?" - me 
 "Oh, what's up man? I just quit this company 
 They hella racist and the pay was too low." 
 I said aright, what was up in there though 
 "A party with rich motherfuckas. I don't know the situation 
 I know they got cabbage, owning corporations 
 IBM, Chryslers and shit is what they said." 
 Just then a light bulb went off in my head 
 They be thinking all black folks is resembling 
 Gimme your tux and I'll do some pocket swindling 
 Fin ta change in the bathroom and I freeze off my nuts 
 Let's take a short break while I get into this tux 
 Alright, I'm ready 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 C-c-c-come with it 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 Get down, get down, get down 
 C-c-c-come with it 
 Fresh dressed like a million bucks 
 I be the flyiest muthafucka in an afro and a tux 
 My arm is at a right angle up, silver tray in my hand 
 "May I interest you in some caviar, ma'am?" 
 My eyes shoots 'round the room there and here 
 Noticing the diamonds in the chandelier 
 Background Barry Manilow, "Copacabana" 
 And a strong ass scent of stogies from Havana 
 What no place where a brother might been 
 Snobby ol' ladies drinking champagne with rich white men 
 Alright then, let's begin this 
 Nights like this is good for business 
 Five minutes in the mix, noticed several different cliques 
 Talking, giggling and shit 
 Well, one motherfucka gave me twits 
 And everybody else jacking it, throttling 
 Found out later he own Coca-Cola bottling 
 Talking to a black man 
 Who's he confused we looking hella bourgie 
 Ass all tight and seditty recognized him as the mayor of my city 
 Who treats young black man like Frank Nitty 
 Mr. Coke said to Mr. Mayor 
 "You know we got a process like Ice T's hair 
 We put up the funds for your election campaign 
 And, oh, um, waiter, can you bring the champagne? 
 A real estate fronts as opportunities arousing 
 To make some condos out of low income housing 
 Immediately we need some media heat 
 To say that gangs run the street and then we bring in the police fleet 
 Harass and beat everybody till they look inebriated 
 When we bought the land motherfuckas will appreciate it 
 Don't worry about the Urban League or Jesse Jackson 
 My man that owns Marlboro donated a fat sum" 
 That's when I stepped back some to contemplate what few know 
 Sat down, wrestled with my thoughts like a sumo 
 Ain't no one player that could beat this lunacy 
 Ain't no hustler on the street could do a whole community 
 This is how deep shit can get 
 It reads macaroni on my birth certificate 
 Poontang is my middle name but I can't hang 
 I'm getting hustled only knowing half the game 
 Shit, how the fuck I get up out this place?