(Boots) 
 Ah yesss, ah-heh 
 Tell me somethin' 
 Were you, about to make a decision? 
 Was it, one of... those decisions? 
 Ya know, when ya, gotta decide, between 
 What's good, for you, and what's good, for the struggle 
 Well before you sellout, the coup wants to tell you a lil' story 
 E-roc, kick it 
 (E-roc) 
 Pressure, is gettin' to my dome 
 See, I need some food for my little boy's tummy 
 Pulled up a chair just to think about my situation 
 Don't have a job, cause jackin is the occupation 
 Fuck the system, you know that it's all wrong 
 I got my gauge, yeah now my mission's on 
 Checked on my baby, good he was sound asleep 
 Cause money was my thoughts as I began to creep 
 Down the street the corner sto', was on my mind 
 Freeze! with the sounds of clips was in my behind 
 I turned around but befo' I could pull my trigger 
 In they ass, on the ground, laid another nigga 
 I was trippin', slippin labelled as a dummy 
 But can you blame me, I did it for da mo-ah-money 
 M-o-n, n-e-y (repeat 2x) 
 Broke as a; broke as a sucka! 
 (Repeat all 4x) 
 (E-roc) 
 Back on the streets I thought I wouldn't survive 
 So I'm bustin' my ass on this nine to five 
 Flippin patties all day when the place is hot 
 Gettin' paid peanuts, in the burger shop 
 Now everybody wants to know the deal, is this brother real 
 Can I feed my family off of a happy meal? 
 I had to stop cause this shit ain't for e-roc 
 I threw down my time card and started slangin rocks 
 For a brother dis is some'in you can't beat 
 My cash is flowin, now I'm bringin' home the meat 
 I'm feelin' good sellin crack to a fiend 
 Don't give a fuck about his luck, ya know what I mean? 
 People trip, but they don't understand that 
 A devil's land, ain't no black foe a black man 
 Now it's a shame, but who's to blame? 
 I got a baby with a life and no future to gain, yeah the money 
 (E-roc) 
 I remember the time when I was six 
 The American dream was everybody gets, rich 
 But yo, a fact for all to know 
 Four hundred years has passed, and we still po' 
 He ain't my uncle, but sam know what he's talkin' about 
 If you wanna get paid, sell your people out 
 But not me I'd rather do a crime 
 Deep in my rhyme; is it better for a black man to do time? 
 To the red white and blue I don't give a fuck 
 Because I live and die, just to make a buck 
 So I'm that mother-fucker 
 That rob his daddy, and threw his ass in the gutter 
 And I'm that fool 
 That sold his kids cocaine at school 
 But jack's an attorney 
 So I'ma do what I do, 'cause he's makin' all the motherfuckin... 
 *Gun shots* 
 (Boots) 
 I believe... truthfully, we all gonna die someday 
 So, die hustlin for yourself 
 Or die hustlin for millions of your people 
 The choice is yours, choose your fate 
 You can get with this, or you can get with that 
 We out