Fuck no, I ain't got no Grey Poupon 
 Well anyway I said, "That's no burglar that my butler." hahaha 
 Mr. Rockefeller let me in on the gossip 
 I heard you and Mr. Getty are getting into rap music or something? 
 Yes, we have this thing we do with our voices 
 We sing like authentic rappers 
 Well, then could you must do it for us 
 Well, if they could make this music more funky 
 Let me see if I can get my voice like those rappers 
 Here we go 
 Well, if you're blind as Helen Keller 
 You could see I'm David Rockefeller 
 So much cash up in my bathroom is a ready teller 
 I'm outrageous, I work in stages, like syphilis 
 But no need for prophylactics 
 I am up your own, so me know wretched ain't funk 
 But my cream got amino acid 
 Keep my hoes in check, no rebellions 
 If your ass occur shit it wouldn't be the first time 
 I done make a massacre 
 Nigga please, how you figure these 
 Motherfuckers like me got stocks bonds and securities 
 No impurities, straight anglo saxon 
 When my family got their sex on 
 Don't let me get my flex on, do some gangster shit 
 Make the army go to war for Exxon 
 Long as the money flow, I be making dough 
 Welcome to my little pimp school 
 How you gonna beat me at this game, I make the rules 
 Flash a little cash, make you think you got class 
 But you really selling ass and hoe, keep off my grass 
 Lest you cutting it, see I'm running shit 
 Trick, all y'all motherfuckas is simps 
 I'm just a pimp 
 *chorus* 
 That is so cute 
 John Paul, why don't you entertain us with something as well? 
 Well, what should I do? 
 Why don't you rap for us? 
 No, I... 
 Come on old boy I did mine 
 Uh... 
 It's so tribal 
 Oh very well 
 Oh, goody 
 But hold my martini I have to do those hand gestures 
 We will begin at the commencement of the next measure 
 Now get ready, I'm J.P. Getty 
 I am tearing this shit up like confetti 
 My money last longer than Eveready 
 Ain't nothing petty about cash, I never lose 
 This is just like the straws? 
 But the hoes don't choose, I choose you 
 No voodoo can hoo-do you 
 From getting treated like a piece of boonboonboo 
 Who do you think want those niggaz that don't turn tricks 
 The logo on hoein in '94 is getting 86'ed 
 And all about those rebellions and riots and mishaps 
 I got the po'-po' for that daily pimp slap 
 The motherfucker gangsta rolling Fleetwood Caddy 
 I'm that mack ass already pimped his daddy 
 Let you out like linoleum floors 
 I'm getting rich off petroleum wars, controlling you whores 
 Making you eat Top Ramen while I eat shrimp 
 Y'all motherfuckas are simps 
 I'm just a pimp 
 *Chorus* 
 Oh no, here he comes 
 Oh don't look at him 
 Are you fellows rapping? 
 I can do that reggie um er, reggae type of thing 
 You know, one, two, three 
 Well actually we were just leaving... 
 I'm Trump Trump check out the cash in my trunk 
 Trump Trump check out the cash in my trunk 
 I am Donald Trump, me think you mighta heard about me 
 How me last wife Ivana come and catch me money 
 She want all she want this she want the ? of fun 
 X amount of this like this ? gap hear me 
 Hol' up your hand if you love the money 
 Hol' up your hand if you love punanny 
 Gun pon mi side mi afi kill somebody 
 Because the money inna mi trunk dem wan fi come tek see 
 *Chorus* 
 Well how did you like that then? 
 Well, we really must be leaving you 
 Yes yes, Donald it was smashing to see you again 
 Something I picked up in the Carribean 
 Yeah, yes I remember 
 Why don't you stick around and I'll I'll rap some more for you 
 Oh no no no, old boy I think I see Jackie 
 Oh Jackie, ah Jackie 
 Please please pass the bubbly 
 Well, look here motherfuckers, we are taking all these motherfucking shit 
 Yeah, we are taking all these 
 You besta come off up that coat we are taking these