(Boots) 
 We don't make no damn Mickey Mouse music! 
 * Pam the Funkstress cuts "I shot the sheriff" * 
 F.T.S. with The Coup, whatchu wanna do? 
 F.T.S., Coup 
 Chorus: Boots, Clap, Vexx (repeat 2X) 
 Undas, Cops, Pigs and Shit 
 They be gettin' on my nerves I'm bout to have a fit 
 I need land, a place where no money is spent 
 I'll kick back, and live life immaculate (you say) 
 (Vexx) 
 Exchange data, no contact, no matta 
 Eternally, you'll find, information to be, God sent 
 The soul, my body's bein spent like some dope shit 
 All the way from across the Atlantic Ocean 
 See I can't help but talk about the way my people been raped 
 Right about now, I'm bout to set some shit straight 
 To all you late bloomers and early consumers, ignore the rumors 
 Who has the made the whole nation backslide, to homicide 
 Almost and damn near, genocide 
 We all need to check our soul inside 
 Have you ever seen a human body landslide? 
 How bout some tanks doin' a driveby 
 Or a bomber droppin' napalm from way high? 
 We long live, but sometimes we got ta die 
 The whole world's about to bow man, that ain't no lie 
 You betta find yo'self befo' yo'self takes all your time 
 (Boots) 
 One mo' gen now 
 (Clap) 
 Bump you... it got to be... hot to me... 
 A cop to me... could burn in hell 
 We re-bel... we don't swell like the pressure 
 Tester... even leave the best of shakin and 
 Shivering... WHOOO... icy cold... delivery 
 Deliberately slippery when wet 
 You moist yet? You check out 
 The hop-hippin... it got you flippin while it's slippin 
 The hippity hop, hit you, cause it get you 
 So god damn krunk, bang that wild shit; read: 
 God damn bump, ransom stylist, thick 
 Rich like 69 dollar shit 
 Crazy like the Spice Girls, finger lickin', kickin 
 Sa-vory, fla-vory expedition mission 
 Free the land Africa, Africa listen... 
 Listen... 
 (Boots) 
 Hah... bring it back now 
 (Boots) 
 Can you feel it? I can feel it 
 ... 
 Now if this party was a class I'd be a teacher 
 It's F.T.S. and The Coup, a double feature 
 Now if this party was a car I'd be the driver 
 I'm rappin' third, the mic is smellin like saliva 
 The emperor, that motherfucker's ... ass naked 
 We'll take you higher than when you had yo' last dank hit 
 It's not surprisin that when folks start to uprisin 
 There's police on the horizon, they been there all along 
 They just good at they disguisin, the po-po's supposed to keep 
 The peace they gotta make the bosses money increase 
 You never seen the police break up a strike 
 By hittin the BOSS with his baton pipe 
 And you ain't never gon' see one 
 But when we take over it's gon' be poppin' like Re-Run, huh 
 Boots from The Coup, lightin the dark like a toker 
 Much love to my folkers, all aces and jokers 
 F.T.S., The Coup 
 A-hah