Yeah, you don't need to see ID 
 Kool A.D., Kool A.D., Kool A.D 
 That's me, what you mean the list over? 
 We don't get all our guests in, the shit over 
 Please understand what I'm saying 
 Rider ain't up to par, we ain't playing 
 Whole clique get in the club or we skating 
 Y'all gotta deal with everybody who came in 
 Already and paid and now they angry and saying 
 All type of shit like, "You played us" 
 And you won't like that 
 So let's say just a couple of players on 
 The Ay-ay-ay list 
 The hey player man, yo, I thought this was the bay list 
 The dog, you a hater, playboy, you in the way list 
 The better let me in or better pray list 
 The hooked me up just the other day list 
 The like, why not today list 
 We're all V.I.P. 
 I'm talking every motherfucker in my hood and me 
 I mean, we're all V.I.P. 
 V.I.P., V.I.P. 
 We're all V.I.P. 
 I'm talking every motherfucker in my hood and me 
 I mean, we're all V.I.P. 
 V.I.P., V.I.P. 
 I'm in the VIP with the Bloods and the Crips 
 And the Stones and the GD's, everybody see me 
 I'm in the section with the niggas that's bamma 
 Got dreads, gold teeth, talk real bad grammar 
 I'm over here with the welfare recipients 
 We ain't never paying but we stay getting shit 
 I am with the people on the bottom, fella 
 We gonna riot, loot, rob till we rich as Rockefeller 
 We ruthless as a Carnegie 
 And we gon' bone thug till we get this shit in harmony 
 The one percent better learn to share the V.I.P. 
 Or we gon' nut up, everybody gon' D-I-E 
 You know I'm balling soft, make my drink a Molotov 
 Call it crunk or call it off, swing it like a tomahawk 
 Middle finger at the cops, brothers gonna get a spark 
 Bottle, pistol or a rock, one day, we gon' call the shots 
 My flow, it sputters like they shut off my water 
 I got the sheriff after me for what I said 'bout Obama 
 My flag is red like a period, comma, I'm a piranha 
 Just like every one of y'all, let's take that shark to the slaughter 
 And we gotta be bouncing more than last month's rent check 
 Boss walking Wall Street with a pimp step 
 People of Whoville, we need to slit the Grinch neck 
 Low paid prostitutes with no fishnets 
 We're all V.I.P. 
 I'm talking every motherfucker in my hood and me 
 I mean, we're all V.I.P. 
 V.I.P., V.I.P. 
 We're all V.I.P. 
 I'm talking every motherfucker in my hood and me 
 I mean, we're all V.I.P. 
 V.I.P., V.I.P. 
 Yup, we all V.I.P., I'm pretty great 
 You should be like me, be like her, be like him 
 I get my jeans at V.I.M., I get my shirts at Jimmy Jazz 
 I have more shirts than Jimmy has 
 Yes, we all important 
 Yes, you should be supportive 
 Yes, I'm getting bored with 
 All y'all noises, so discordant 
 It's Himanshu, Uncle Sam wants you 
 That's a bonsai tree, it's expensive 
 Put it down, Heema put it down 
 Heema put it down when nobody around 
 Heema wear the crown, Heema wear a gown 
 Heema wear a shirt that say John Brown