All the hoes lose they mind when they see me stuntin 
 Dope Boys lose they mind when they see me coming 
 All the haters get to runnin' when they hear that choppa drummin, Blllluuupp, blllluup bumpin 
 (Yung Joc) 
 Y'all ready know, ya ain't even gotta wonder 
 I was voted number one rapper to drop this summer 
 A one hit wonder, how the hell ya figure that? 
 My rhymes like crack, fiends screamin, "gimmie that!" 
 I'm being like a monkey, and that '73 dope 
 Need a desert eagle, reefer smellin like a skunk 
 Got a bitch named Judy, with a real big booty 
 Blue star keep a nigga riding cuji 
 If it's a problem, I suggest you let it go 
 Got some killas over there, more hellan than the lord 
 I beat the block up 
 You can hear me when I'm comin' 
 If it's a problem then the choppers start drummin, drummin 
 My niggas flip birds 
 Your niggas flip burgers 
 My niggas got work 
 Your niggas just workers 
 My niggas, we get hurt 
 Your niggas is unheard of 
 My niggas murder 
 Your niggas get murdered 
 My niggas win niggas 
 Your niggas get drenched 
 My niggas play the field 
 Your niggas ride bench 
 My niggas is quarterbacks 
 Your niggas just receive 
 With a single flinch boy, your niggas retreat 
 My niggas take the coke and they let the shit cook 
 Your niggas experiment with dope and get hooked 
 Now ain't that something, let the story get told 
 As the plot thickens and the script unfolds 
 I get back around three 
 We can do it more again 
 Message to them hater middle finger to the wind 
 Let my chain swang, with a limp in my walk 
 Baby hush ya mouth, respect a pimp when he talk 
 Everybody know that I do it for the hood 
 Help feed the hungry, now my homies all good 
 Word on the street, Joc got the heat 
 Suede on the seat, 28's on the feet 
 Two bottle of Crys, baby go on spend money 
 When ya add it up now I'm drinkin' red money 
 My wrist gone froze 
 Make 'em jump out of they clothes 
 Go ahead drink tonight, cuause tomorrow you gotta go 
 Ha ha ha, nigga 
 Rookie of the year, play ya postition nigga, y'all fuck boys stop ya husstlin, y'all niggas know how we 
 Do it. Y'all know what it is. All the way from the motherfuckin west side to the south side nigga. ML 
 King, Fabora, Four-five, the whole Four block, Three-tweny. What's up Koolaide? Yeah. Rest in peace my 
 Nigga Steve, Chris Terry, Lil' Mike, Black Horace, we gonna take it to the motherfuckin southside nigga. 
 College Park! Ya know what I'm talkin' about. Born and raised, Shady P nigga. What it is. I see ya out 
 There Tony V. Carl Moe, what up nigga? Fresh stat from college park. I see ya nigga. Ain't nothin' but 
 Love, y'all know how we do it. Yung Joc! Block entertainment. Bitch! Shorty Slick, where ya at? Ya up 
 Next nigga. And I'm outta here.