INTRO (Yung Joc) 
 Is that right? 
 Block 
 Hustlenomic$ 
 BNT ho! 
 A G is what a G does bay, my momma told me dat 
 BNT ho! 
 Dro, Bun-B, Yung Joc... let's go 
 I'm the seventh letter of the alphabet (I'm a G) 
 And in my pocket there ain't ever nothin' less 
 And if your bitch fuck me she fucked the rest 
 'Cause I'm a A B C D E F G 
 (Verse 1: Yung Joc) 
 You can catch me in the A 
 Check my DNA 
 What can I say? I'm a G 100% all da way 
 The block on lock, jet like the chain gang 
 The hustlenomic$ piece back and forth when the chain swang 
 I'm blowin' grandaddy just so I can maintain 
 I'm a G and I'll tell ya bitch da same thang 
 Middle finga to ya pussies, nigga no shame 
 '77 Chevelle, same color cocaine 
 And I a true balla n G playin' in da deck 
 Out with the young'ns nigga, get money and respect 
 You in that name droppin' get you and yo man's wet 
 Nigga I'm a G now who the fuck you think you playin' wit? 
 I'm the seventh letter of the alphabet (I'm a G) 
 And in my pocket there ain't ever nothin' less 
 And if your bitch fuck me she fucked the rest 
 'Cause I'm a A B C D E F G 
 (Verse 2: Young Dro) 
 Aiyyo, pull up on the scene 
 Bitch I'm cleaner than chlorine 
 Blockstar comin' I'm proud of sellin' ???? 
 Shootin' nigga yeah I'm from north streets no bean 
 Work for some of my cousins down in Florida and they ain't boring 
 All I want is some more cream, my wrist on jack frost 
 Tellin' me when they see me, my wrist on jack frost 
 I ain't gotta say how much the motha fuckin' bet cost 
 30" stretchas on the Escalade ???? 
 Bitch I'm from the projects you can't miss me wit dat rep talk 
 Catch me up on 6th road tearin' up da asphault 
 Took alota cash and walked 
 Jury, scurred me 
 Eights on da ??? make it hard to steering 
 Swingin' on dem niggas, swear I gotta feel some fury 
 Trappin at da hotel, you can catch me at the jewlery 
 A general and surely man I seem pearly 
 I got this shit locked, tell mom don't worry 
 I'm the seventh letter of the alphabet (I'm a G) 
 And in my pocket there ain't ever nothin' less 
 And if your bitch fuck me she fucked the rest 
 'Cause I'm a A B C D E F G 
 (Verse 3: Bun-B) 
 You see me hop out of a '08 somethin' on 24's 
 Rockin' in newest da newest earrings, next seasons clothes 
 I guess that's the reason ho's stop drop tuck and roll 
 Like an inferno they turn over and suck a pole 
 I'm so fuckin' cold I give a polar bear frost bite 
 You see my jewelry, you know what it cost right? 
 You see my jewelry, it's bigger than your arm so 
 No tryin' foolery and you won't see the palm blow 
 Me da bomb ho, yung joc got da work, I need some hydro smoke and dro got da purp 
 Let me hear dem on da church and orchestra ronde vu 
 We meet some boppas, bottles, and don't forget the bumpin too 
 Yeah, you know who's keepin' it trilla 
 Just name any thug, gangsta, soul-ja, or guerilla 
 I'll snatch him up by his shouldas and strip off his strips 
 'Cause when you trill you don't trip off da height, that ain't my type 
 I'm the seventh letter of the alphabet (I'm a G) 
 And in my pocket there ain't ever nothin' less 
 And if your bitch fuck me she fucked the rest 
 'Cause I'm a A B C D E F G