I keep my tempeAnnotaterature on 74 when I'm at the crib 
 And 79 in the winter time that's just how I live 
 But when the homies call and say let's hit the town 
 When we do them haters frown, nigga turn the heat down 
 I know we skip the line and bitches think we fine 
 I know you feelin' drunk and tough, but you best recline 
 You don't wanna get stained it's pain in this lane 
 I'mma check they temperature, they all up in my mix, mayne 
 Whattup, suckers, ain't no lookin' back 
 I just wanna know, what you niggas lookin' at? 
 I just come to kick it with the bitches, I ain't come for you 
 If you really want it, yeah my homies got a gun or two 
 I take on every one of you, what you wanna do? 
 Don't forget I got this whole club on my side trippin' is dumb'a you 
 Stop, everybody what's that sound? 
 It sound like a hater 'bout to get the beat down 
 With the quick and why they wanna go and get me pissed 
 When they know I'm with me clique and a real nigga like Mitchy Slick 
 On this Hennessy, Sprite and lemon, fuck these niggas, invite the women 
 Busters wanna insight the grimin', now you gotta invite the crimin-nals 
 Don't gimme that bullshit, nigga don't gimme no looks 
 You better get over the shit, a veteran knowin' that you pathetic 
 And let 'em fuck up and hit me on kush 
 So you better snap your fingers and then rock with it 
 'Cause if you chops spit it, I'mma let somethin' hot hit it 
 'Bout a hundred somethin' he looked like he wanted somethin' 
 Rémy had him beefy now he look like a honey bun or somethin' 
 AYE! Why they always gotta trip with you 
 I'm minding my business now I gotta check yo temperature 
 AYE! Player hater man you fixin' to 
 Make me lose it if you heated when I check yo temperature 
 AYE! Now I ain't come to play games 
 So why you gotta make me check yo temperature, mayne? 
 AYE! And I guess we all gon' bang 
 If you heated when I check yo temperature, mayne 
 Ah, kick it, stay, fresh, step out, in my, Sunday's best 
 Bitches, trippin', you'll get slapped, hold up wait, what you bitches lookin' at? 
 I'm callin' askin' why you askin' 'bout me, if for that liquor 
 She said 'cause she spittin' vixen in a mix of Tech N9ne and Twista 
 Lip singing and quick sand, flippin' bricks and gettin' chips man 
 Hundred grand they spick-and-span, let Louie V and my women's wet 
 Who is she? 'Cause I been there, who is he? He ain't a threat 
 Who am I? KC Boss bitch, what you doin'? Tryin' to snap back 
 A hundred degrees, I'm heated, eat it, like it was your dinner roll 
 You've never been a friend to me, bitch better check yo temperature 
 I'll block you like rocky on cocky, catch a lot of bodies 
 Try to knock me from my hierarchy, straight down on Kawasakis 
 These poppies like that seed that hung from over seas 
 We G's livin' in that clipse so hard, that stunday, yes I'm stootin' star 
 What the fuck you hoes stand for? Knowin' you all are some scared hoes 
 Make me start a girl fight, better check this bitches' fahrenheit 
 Blowin' niggas I'm BeBe, see broke niggas I Skeske 
 I'll choke your head, beacause see they gon' drop you like my CD 
 To gave you the truth we havin' a ball, there's bitches all over the place 
 To gave you the truth we havin' a ball, there's bitches all over the place 
 There's bitches all over the place, why is you niggas all up in my face? 
 I'm finna flip the script and start trippin' on them like what you niggas lookin' at? 
 I think these niggas might need some glasses what they lookin' at? 
 A poodle tuckin' its tail I ain't ever been mistookin that 
 Plus I can read your game plan like my book of raps 
 Last nigga that tried it caught a right and then he took a nap 
 Nigga sleep go night-night, for fuckin' with niggas that fight-fight 
 And some of you suckers be hatin' 'cause we shinin' like some bright lights 
 T-Nutty your street buddy, Tech N9ne and the clique 
 They better act like they got system, lookin' at me and go get in a bitch 
 That nigga ??, flipped a script and my nigga bow down 
 Straight from Cali with a .50 cal wow, ask around and they tell you blaow-blaow 
 Ain't nobody trippin' off of you, I just wanna kick it and be cool 
 Half of these niggas are up in this motherfucker wanna be part of the crew 
 'Cause they know we do the fool, go dumb and act retarded 
 Don't ever like to start it, but you can be our target 
 If I lose it open your mouth, for this thermometer 
 I'm checkin' niggas temperature, then slidin' off 
 With your chick and smokin' bomb with her