Ring my jingle bells its young T-Nutty in your fingernails and I'm a single male, tell your homegirls I got weed for sell plus pimpin' ain't easy I need tha mail. Like a post office when tha hoes jocc us, flocc us and treat us like gold watches, lovin' me 'cause I'm four blocc and sippin bubbly on tha dope spot. And it don't stop, I'm a nigga that'll mac lemmie hit it from tha bacc disattachin tha bone. Off in tha wind 'cause it costs when I spend time I need to get mine takin' blunts to tha dome. Don't feel bad If I leave you alone 'cause sticcin and movin is apart of tha game, the reason why I'm all in tha bacc of your brain is 'cause my diccs in you and wit accurate aim. Wait for me to swoop ya' (if I) take too long than do what you do 'cause you know I'm chasin chalupa just gimmie a minute to bundle my loot. Love me 'cause I'm knoccin tha coc outta you call me a bust a good nutty or two you can just call me your buddy lover boo, every other day we can do something new. Off wit tha roll 'cause I'm hot wit tha flow s'you can watch at my shows baby hop in tha load (on stocc wit tha gold) Gs spinnnin from tha chrome, G staccs from my songs. Straight gangsta mac mamma face tha facts that I'm chasin scratch 'cause I need it even though I bang out yo bacc, to put it on tha map I'm a locc 'cause you never say eat it. 
 Everytime tha players leave, I'm missin' tha way it feels 'cause every time you put it down, I need it, right now (a mac a player if you call it that it all goes down wit a nigga wit game) Satisfactions' guaranteed, each and every time we meet, my body's callin come and see about your baby (a mac a player if you call it that it all goes down wit a nigga wit game) 
 Goodness gracious misses madam it's clear your rear done got a little fatter my dear, for years you know me for maccin, u was damn near havin' a heartattacc when I arched your bacc, figured it out, there goes tha spot we was talkin' about knoccin tha coc outta stocc and you tell me to stop and call me tha chocolate spouse. You's a mouth but I'm not mad 'cause I'm glad that you like to taste cheeze, I was laced up by my momma my grandmammas and my aunties. 18 wit a attitude, actin' like a grown baby girl is you crazy thinkin' you can play wit me 'cause you freak and you creep and you lay wit me? I remain a G little nigga that be maccin up got bitchez baccin up I'm taking action. Niggaz that be slaccin up lovin' a nasty slut up in tha club catchin fatal attractions. Haterz harassin 'cause he ate it and I'm bashin smashin (niggeratin) and tha fattest asses goodness gracious misses madam you work it like magic. I could feel it all throught tha plastic plus didn't recognize that you was that thicc. Just give me a minute it was that quicc but wit precision girls hit you wit tha tactics. Don't need to practice 'cause I be at you just add my name to tha mac list, 'cause I had yo dame on tha matress givin' up tha game wit all access. 
 Misses Madam will you mind double- dutchin a bone? Will you be mad if I fucc and get on I'm not lookin' for love because I got it at home it doesn't matter that I'm wrong, do when I'm gone. Sippin tha Paul Mason blowin' tha bomb, tha truth is my boo is my crazy baby mom (why you here wit me?) shh, keep calm this is only a creep not agreed to tha prom. U got yo nerve thinkin' givin' me bread, will get you more than a dicc you thicc in tha head? Tha minute you said you love a nigga you was lying 'cause I heard another nigga had you crying in tha bed. I wasn't fed, up wit it, didn't give a fucc about it 'cause I'm T-Nutty. U can consider me one of your buddies and to tell you tha truth I'm just lovin' tha money and rubbin you honey. I'll go when it's sunny, show me when these hoes be jumpin' bones like a bunny rabbit makin' it a habbit, convincing me not to shake tha spot but I shake it because I'm a paper addict. Baby girl I gotta have it lemmie let it be known. I'm to be questioned girl because I'm grown I'll stay gone for twenty-four hours beliving that money is power and only cowards get thay game devoured by they spouse. I'm G when I work tha mouthpoece 'cause Imma be treated like tha king of tha house. Blowing a blunt wit my dingaling out, mingaling and angiling after tha paper route. No doubt thug niggaz need love, a kiss and a hug and all the above, but I'm not the type to do too much to get it I'm a menace to tha cat and rather rip and run