"Here comes the pitch ... and it comes in wide. 
 And the count now is one and one to Jackie Robinson. 
 Billy Martin... " 
 "Straight from Crooklyn, better known as Brooklyn" --> Buckshot 
 "Never takin' shorts, cause Brooklyn's the borough" --> Guru 
 (Special Ed) 
 Panic, as another manic depressive 
 Adolescent, stares at death, now what's left 
 When there ain't no God, and a whole lot of pride 
 It might be a homicide; so let the drama, slide 
 We don't want no problems be 
 Get your name in the obituary column sheet 
 Cause life is too short, and it just gets shorter 
 I wish I had a quarter for all my people they slaughtered 
 Last year alone, in the Dead Zone 
 Walk straight, but don't walk late 
 'Cause I'm comin' with a hate only made, from what it made me 
 Cause nobody ever played me 
 Now it's, only gettin' worse, Buckshot and Ase 
 In the land of the waste, kickin you in your face 
 (Masta Ase) 
 We be doin' it up Crooklyn STYYYYYYLE 
 What does it take to get you WILLLLLLD 
 My mentality is gettin' iller, killer 
 Instinct that's tryin' to infiltrate, but wait 
 I know you want to enter but I can't let you in 
 My mindstate's the maddest, I'm Gone With the Wind 
 Because it is, survival of the fittest 
 When the shit hits the fan I got my shank in my hand 
 Black man with the permanent tan 
 I come from the 'Ville and never ran, damn 
 (Buckshot) 
 I'm feelin' another part of reality 
 Hit me when I represent the F.A.P. 
 Straight from the 'Ville, Tilden played the building 
 I mean literally when I say I make a killing 
 For my cypher, see I'm feenin to bust a piper 
 Original Headz represent the Brooklyn all nighter 
 Do or die, I'm sayin' it's you and I 
 Bring your click, so we can get Stone like Family Sly 
 Peace to C.I. and the Bush 
 Might even see Ruck and the Rock givin' the push 
 "Straight from Crooklyn, better known as Brooklyn" --> Buckshot 
 "Never takin' shorts, cause Brooklyn's the borough" --> Guru 
 "Straight from Crooklyn, better known as Brooklyn" --> Buckshot 
 "Never takin' shorts, cause Brooklyn's the borough" --> Guru 
 (Masta Ase) 
 We did it like that, and now we do it like this 
 We did it like that, and now we do it like this 
 Go inside your mind and find a time that you miss 
 And just, think about the steel in your fist 
 It's just an extension of your arm, it's that ghetto type of charm 
 That makes all the homeboys swarm 
 Can I drop the bomb? Oh yes I can 
 Move with the groove, smooth like Geechie Dan 
 Who is the man? That kid there 
 Who is the chick with the pick in her hair? 
 Angela, uh Davis, and we roll like Avis 
 Rent-a-Car kid, there you are 
 (Special Ed) 
 You know where to find me, whenever you need me 
 If you know the Ave., follow the path 
 To the land of the aftermath 
 But don't frolic in the midst, crazy ass Crooklyn kids 
 'Cause they always throwin' a body on my lawn 
 I'm gettin' a Rott-weiler, without a collar 
 Get off my block boy and give me a dollar 
 For the trouble, or get blown up, like a bubble 
 (Buckshot) 
 Let's take a sec to think back, the year of the seven-oh 
 When Brooklyn was the place to go 
 Flow, on a journey up to Crown Heights 
 Ebbets Field, feel the reel to reel on your life 
 Trife, individuals live in the PJ's 
 Dee Evil, check my DJ 
 Hey, play what I want to play in the day 
 But in the night, I feel the right took a left 
 Bucktown, Brooklyn break it down 
 Heads from state to state, travel as I unravel the rate 
 How it, tapped Scott and Sutter 
 I remember way back in the days playin' hot peas and butter 
 Brother, if you want another lesson, Crooklyn, session 
 Take it back, Black Smif-N-Wessun 
 (Special Ed) 
 Press your luck, you get stuck by Buck 
 For your bucks, Masta Ase, has the taste 
 For ducks, and duck sauce, so tell Lord Digga 
 Dig a grave for the bones, sticks and stones 
 While I kick some ancient poems, through your domes 
 'Act went back, to attack your homes 
 So Tip, can I flip? (Yes you can) 
 I'm in the World War, with Muhammad my man 
 (Masta Ase) 
 Feels so good to be a Crooklyn Dodger 
 Uh-huh, what's happenin', to ReRun and Roger? 
 I think I seen 'em wearin Timberlands and runnin' down the block 
 From D'Wayne and D'Wayne had a glock 
 'Cause he be sellin rock for the Partridge Family 
 And Ruben Kincaid drives a 300-E 
 And he be pimpin' Chrissy from Three's Company 
 Plus he stuck Mr. T for all his jewelry 
 This is a 70's thing from the days 
 When kids didn't act so crazed, in Crooklyn 
 "Straight from Crooklyn, better known as Brooklyn" --> Buckshot 
 "Never takin' shorts, cause Brooklyn's the borough" --> Guru 
 "Straight from Crooklyn, better known as Brooklyn" --> Buckshot 
 "Never takin' shorts, cause Brooklyn's the borough" --> Guru 
 (Repeats as sports dialogue fades in) 
 "Robinson waits, here comes the pitch... 
 And there goes a line drive to left field 
 Waters? after it, he leaps and it's over his head 
 Against the wall... and ? scores 
 Brooklyn wins! Brooklyn wins! Brooklyn wins!"