Yeah, umm, 
 Think I'ma try something that I ain't, that I ain't never did before on this one 
 Let's go 
 Get your lighters, roll that sticky, let's get higher (Let's get high). 
 Got that blueberry yum yum and it's that fire (It's that fire). 
 Get your lighters, roll that sticky, let's get higher (Let's get high). 
 Got that blueberry yum yum and it's that fire (It's that fire). 
 Got a lil' bit of blueberry yum yum, and I never would have thought that it could taste this good, 
 Thank God for the man who put it in my hood, 
 It's got me singing melodies I never thought I would. 
 I'm feelin' sorry for the homies who be smokin' wood. 
 Chop chop, break it down for a player like me ye ye ye ye ye ye, 
 I'm 'bout to find me a woman that skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet, 
 I'ma keep smoking till I reach my peak peak peak peak peak peak peak peak peak, 
 Or till I'm stuck, and my body feels weak weak weak weak weak weak, 
 Headed down to the dungeon, wonderin', if they got some more, 
 Well, if they don't, then I'ma have to settle fah some dro. 
 But it just ain't cool 'cause right on afta, I'ma have to go 
 And continue on my mission, fishin', for the yum yum, but I'm movin' slow. 
 (Yes) Fire, fire got me so tired, I'ma stop, drop, and roll, 
 Put a wet towel under the door. 
 Don't pass it, I can't take it no more, 
 Somebody take a trip down to the store. 
 Hurry please 'cause I need some snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks snacks... 
 And how long will it take to get back back back back back back?!? 
 Yes indeed, I'm a lil' off track track track track track track track, 
 Off this beat and I'm full of dat Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak Yak, 
 Get on in that stankin' Lincoln, crank it up and ride, 
 And it ain't enough room to fit the, other chicks inside. 
 I'm so hungry with the munchies I'ma eat everything, in sight. 
 Me and my blueberries together and everything's, all right. 
 Get the propane, rollin' things and let's blow this place up, 
 You already know what's up. 
 I might f had to pay some extra bucks, 
 But I really don't give a fuck. 
 Cause a brother feels great great great great great great great great, 
 But I'm barely awake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake wake, 
 All bent outta shape shape shape shape shape shape shape, 
 So stomp on yo' brake brake brake brake brake brake brake, 
 If you toting good, then all the smokers, let me see ya flame. 
 Don't know what you got, but my bag'll, put yo' stuff, to shame. 
 All the different kinds and other flavors, they don't mean a thing, 
 You can't compare it, don't stare, 'cause I got the ultimate Mary Jane.