Cory Gunz: 
 Get Ready. Get setted Steady. 
 Bloody Spaghetti Shredded. 
 Heavy debted. Credit deadly 
 For bread you get jelly-spread. 
 The melody let me let it. 
 Go medley Lindsey at it. 
 Coke addicts with envy. 
 N Nicole Richie 'n' Britney's habit. 
 Cass, a Lotta rappers seem militant, n be itchin' addicts. 
 Puttin' nothin' but wood on da shelves like a kitchen cabinet. 
 'Cause if I feel da static. I peel the matic. they'll getta static. 
 The cal. will go sporadic. now it's not so radical 
 Come to no compatible establishment. 
 U broke-nose, for tryin' to mike jones my Ozone. 
 Behold embarrassment 
 Shit I'm feared as an Afghani terrorist 
 I'm poppa's tool when I'm trying to bring y'all Hailly Marias 
 Take a risk at reading braille, stare at dis. 
 U don't live M.O.B... u nothin' but a queer therapist. 
 Nigga my M.O.B. get that money. even no T. no penalty. 
 When no C. that dinero B. That all I see mentally. 
 I shift y'all from manual to automatic physically. 
 Chemistry can't infiltrate my men in street. 
 We in Da street - you industry. 
 LARCENY, militia Nigga march wit us. 
 If not, Cass put 'em on sum whole nother chart from us. 
 Body Bagz! 
 Cassidy: 
 I got my hand on my damn cock 
 Cause man, I copped a gun so big it could probably kill hancock 
 I'm not a rat, me? Talkin' to the damn cops 
 It's like Lewis Fericon eatin' hamhocks 
 I'm a gorilla, but I'm slicker than a damn fox 
 Been cool since pre-school, playin' in the sandbox 
 I'm a hustla, I used to hand-to-hand, 'n I could stand on the block sellin' gram after gram 
 And no I'm not from Japan, na', but it just look like it's asian in me, 'cause I got the hazy with me 
 I been to jail, I got a couple hundred days up in me 
 But I still keep the HK, keep the razor with me 
 I ball hard, so other ballers is afraid to stick me 
 'Cause if I get fouled I'll probably shoot the tech 
 And you can be the next dude that I shoot to death 
 I wild-out, but if I foul out, I'll shoot the ref 
 I'm happy when I'm in the coupe, but the roof depressed 
 'Cause I always put them down in the trunk, where I put them now 
 I got dough, ever since O put a pound in my hand 
 I been the man, you should put the crown on my dome 
 I'm on the phone, havin' conference calls, with millionaires 
 Yeah, look what I accomplished, y'all 
 And I ain't tryin' to take your life, I got a conscience, y'all 
 Plus the law send you up north, like a compass, y'all 
 I was seventeen livin' out with youngers y'all 
 I sign the rough riders with a flow that was bonkers y'all 
 I can't even lie, you could ask DMY 
 You could ask swiss too, SP and kiss too 
 You could ask DMX, the female pitt too 
 And they'll let you know all the battles I had to get through 
 You could ask track and sheep, about how I had to eat 
 Thousands of motherfuckers up, yup, I had the streets 
 But ain't no money in battlin', and I had to eat 
 I could spit reckless, but I had to make a hit record 
 And now I make hit record after hit record 
 And I make chicks get naked 
 Like this check it, 
 I just lick my lips on some LL shit, 
 And then I make 'em laugh, on some David Chappelle shit, 
 And they be on some let's go to the hotel shit, 
 I Give 'em hard dick on some just got out of jail shit 
 The innocent man, been in the can 
 But I never made a statement, never been on the stand 
 And I'm independent now, but that been in the plans 
 'Cause it's all about the benjamins man, 
 Real talk, 
 And you dudes can't walk in my timbalands man, 
 And my sneaks don't fit you, the streets don't fuck with you 
 I sip champagne and I throw back shots, 
 And I smoke pot the color of a Apple Jacks box, 
 I rap but I sold crack rock, 
 And had the block jumpin' like the frog on the honey smacks box, 
 You dig 'em? 
 Body Bagz!