(Cassidy) 
 You niggas is chick made. I'm quick with my fist and a switch blade. Get brave, you will get a clip in your rib cage. That's What'll happen you act dumb. Silencers on the gat. It sound like I'm clappin a cap gun. I'm from where they dump heat. Dudes that want beef get smacked with the TOOL. Remove all of they front teeth. Man, once that semi auto shoot. You gonna take more shots than a photo shoot camera. Get led from the hammer. Put the toast to your head. You would have a stroke like Fred Sanford. It ain't difficult the pistol cripple you. The sig clap push your wig back like Mystikal's. Man, most of the, where my burners at. One chrome and one burner black like Bernie Mac. And I'll body him and his female. I'll put a shell in her head like a bobbypin. Yeah. I'm puttin' rock on the stove. A baller push rock and push COCK in these hoes. And it's sweet to get a freak on my nuts. I got the smile when the crocodile seats in the truck. You mad cause you ain't eatin' enough cause your boss rippin you off like the leaf on the dutch. You a nut, you gotta earn your respect. You gettin' robbed? Get a job nigga, earn you a check. You bitch you ain't fit for the grind. I don't nickel and dime. The strip get mine a BRICK at a time. The shit I spit in my rhyme, shit I say in a conversation. Cats kinda on my pipe, but they kinda hatin'. One minute I'm hot, one minute I'm wack. But I finish a rap. And 15 minutes I'm back I spit 'em 16 before Swiss finished the track. Make some noise, the boy from big business is back. I got that put it in your nose and sniff it. My record's like the DIRECTIONS to the road to riches. I knock down your door like Jehova Witness. And bring niggas in your crib like you're older SISTERS. You can't hold your liquor. Stop drinkin'. Cause you not thinkin'. But watch you sober up when that shot's stingin. And the box stinkin murder for hire. Spread your herb ASS on the grass like fertalizer. I heard your album ain't get nowhere. What happened? I'm goin' platinum like Sisqo hair. niggas get so scary when they hear me on swisses beats I'm versitle I got style like kiss and ship. y'all weak ain't get a smash hit yet, come on ock I'm hot like my last piss test get cass respect from what I'm doing on the block or you going in the trunk then we going to the Docs 
 Part2:forget a mask ill just frown my face up you shakin on the ground tryin' to hold your face up and if you wake up you can tell the cops back if you get me poped dog I'll get you poped back. Show them where my spot at send police to my crib I hop out jeeps and send feast to you crib.Drag you down the steps heat to yo ribs, choke eat yo seads the sheats from the bed. You in the kitchen missing a piece of your head, ill turn the TV on then eat in yo frige, lay you out on the couch neat with you kids, so when the neighbors peak they think you sleep but you dead!Nigga. 
 (Jin) 
 Gotta have it for burnin the mic. You heard that I'm nice. I spit the most obsurd ish you ever heard in your life. Here'es some words of advice that you should listen to: If you get offended, guess what? We're probably dissin' you. Are these cats for real? I'm the least bit impressed kid. They need to pass a bill. Have these wack MC's arrested. I've been blessed with a flow, spittin' ever since. Some say I'm conceited, naw I'm just convinced. I ain't tryin' to be a hater. Just say what I think. But I've seen better punchlines at the prom waiting for drinks. Yo I spit flames. Leave you chokin in hell. Me losin battles? Picture Bow Wow smokin' a "L". Look at your wrists all limp, son I know that you frail. Probably drop the soap on purpose when you're goin' to jail. I'm on fire, so you know we're smokin' more than blunts. And this ain't chicken pox. You can catch it more than once. Fake thugs talk about guns, get they stutter on. The only kind of toast they pack is the kind you put butter on. I see through they image like lingerie. They try to see tomorrow. But they'll be gone today. We're two different characters. Don't make me bust in your mouth. I'm god from (?) You marion from In The House.