So tired of the frontin now it's all on the pride. 
 I hustle from the bottom and I'm still on the grind my only way is forward it ain't stopin me try 
 And I'm gonna gun you down tonight. it's all about respect you disrespectin my stride see now I'm gonna check you and you may not survive my only way is forward ain't no stoppin' me try and I'm gonna gun you down tonight tonight tonight. I'm gonna gun you down 
 Jag: Fuck I'm about cash I'm from the school of hard knocks you out fast errthing come out yo mouth trash. use to bein in the hole like a mousepad and now I'm surfin through them house ads. Jag hoppin out jags and every obstacle I outlast. You ain't gonna treat this boy like a outcast. hell no fo' I sell out I sell sno, judge already paid nigga fuck I need bail fo? me and hood junes copin shoes compin melrose. money talk make it look like heaven in this hell hole. that's just how it is huh drop a little cheese on em. I see e on her I see me on her.Call yo friend a bitch ???? me hood and cash runnin' 3 man weaves on her. You know wat that mack bout bitches up in that house. Nigga holdin' macks out. waitin fo you to back out. soon as you act out take you the backhouse. legs shot chest shot make it blow yo back out. stay around hella hoes cribs like the cathouse.twistin all heads to the ball till they past out. cause you only live once then you cash out. if you ain't goin' trough it now then you assed out. Check it, I'm just sayin' the facts I been the best I was playin' the back that keep change. they say this rap shit failed we need change got me wonderin while labels keep lookin' at me strange. 'Cause I ain't from a big ass gang wit street fame. 'Cause I ain't got a big ass chain like t-pain. well I mean it though this ain't the game I got the meanest flow hot every season o errbody breathin o. I won't stop cause the top is where I need to go see I'm addicted to this crack man I need to blow. Logically you ain't hot as me I'm spittin' prophecies. like an einstien philosiphy when I roc da beat. heavy on that jag shit streets need a new sound. see even vince carter ready fo some magic so far ahead you ain't ready for my last shit overnight average I'm classic... jag. I make stadium music we takin' ova homes I lost me fam real lif souja homes. twenty two you know its on I know how to hold a chrome tell 'em shop anywhere life is like a mobile home. stylin in a coop cute shoes lookin' overgrown. I know how to post it on kill the game ova gone. 
 Cassidy: 
 I'm crazy and deranged my mindframe is insane I'm. rich 'cause I pitch caine and rhyme at the same time. the game mine.larsiny fam its gametime. so throw yo l's in the air like it's a gangsign. a ganga times I came on yo babymom. evertime she not watchin yo son its cum stain time. I stay high I got hangtime you got sticks and seeds in ya weed we don't smoke the same kind. its gon be hard fo yo lungs to contain mine. 'cause I blow is haze you blaze the lower grade. I'm underrated but I'm overpaid and if 30s the new 20 imma rap till I'm hova age. I'm fightin fo the top spot I could flow for days. cause even bacon and sausage will fight ova eggs. u so afraid you ain't got no heart I'm in the club wit my diamonds on poppin' open ace of spades. poker deck coke get stretched and cake get made. if you try to walk in my shoes you prolly break yo legs. I'm hotter than a fat man gettin' chased in the suade. sweat pants a mink coat and a cotton hat. on top of a stocking cap who hot as that. and ill pop a gat and air you out like you got a flat. no I'm not a rat and I done sold alot of crack. I'm from philly but I'm really where ever the dollas at. I'm not exaggeraten I just bought a house on the block that wont even pop up on the navigation. I ain't fabricaten or makin' up shit dog you ain't in my pedigree you on some mutt shit. I'm on some red nose pit bite you the fuck up shit. I'm on some tie you up shit slice you the fuck up shit. you on some nut shit ridin' on a nigga balls. pause ain't no room left in a nigga draws I got this chick I mess wit yeah da bitch a boss. we ran through more snow den mr and mrs clause I sold dumb work but my freedom come first I wanna put in gun work but gotta put my sons first. cass said dad will da bloods kill blues clues I hope the crips don't kill clifford 'cause he a cool dude. and will dey force diego to join da latin kings my son five he tryna learn wat shit actually means its tough 'cause how da fuck you posed to answer dat he ask questions dats hard for me to answer back but cancel dat ima switch da topic different subject I'm down wit a denver nugget and da bitches love it it's like I played for da denver nuggets bigger budgets, bigger cribs, bigger cars, bigger dutches, bigger diamonds and bigger guns you niggas suckas I run da town wen I'm around I cause a bigger ruckus 'cause I ball like dem and 1 mufuckas and I keep my hand on my handgun mufuckas u a damn dumb mufucka my thang bang like travis barker on a damn drum mufucka... I'm done mufucka