It's a real bad time for black celebrities, they lockin everybody up: 
 Michael Jackson, James Brown, Tupac, R. Kelly, OJ Simpson, Mike Tyson, 
 Kobe Bryant, Jay-Z, Mystikal, P. Diddy, Allen Iverson, Snoop Dogg, DMX, 
 Styles P, Shine, Beanie Segal, Lil' Kim. 
 Is it because I'm Black 
 Is it because I'm Black 
 When you black you got to hustle, got to struggle and strive. 
 And not every cat that goes through that struggle survive. 
 But he got to stay stronger and keep the struggle alive. 
 They say the struggle died, I say the struggle revived. 
 My profession is going through oppression. 
 That's why I'm so stressed and I'm working with no rest, 
 And no question ima fight for y'all 'cause I don't like it y'all, 
 We make half as much as them, we workin twice as hard y'all. 
 It ain't fair sometimes you seein heaven signs, I ain't Pharaohcon 
 But I got knowledge and I'm sharing mines. I swear its time to 
 Be aware that they fear you mind, and they fear your heart. You 
 Want to change heres the start. I'm tired of watching cops outline 
 My peers and y'all, I'm trying to make a move, I'm not trying to make 
 The news. They say the consequences worst when we break the 
 Rules. To get back and right you got to make a sacrifice. 
 Is it because I'm Black 
 Is it because I'm Black 
 We got some problems we need solve, heres our chance to get them handle. 
 Just take the boycott in Alabama for example. They stop ridin' the bus till they 
 Address their affairs. And they ended segregation in less then a year. So imagine 
 What our status if we made a contribution, we'll probably be able to change the 
 Constitution. I can't see no other kind of solution we deserve our reparation, its 
 Time for a revolutions. I'm a step ahead of Satan, I read it in Revelation. Forget 
 Your reputation, lets make it a better nation, 'cause they trying to cage us in, 
 Make us slaves again, eventually its meant to be the new plantation, the penitentiary. 
 For centuries they had a plan we let them executed, everyday another brother getting 
 Executed. And all our artist getting arrested I aspect improvement. It's a message 
 In the music, I suggest you use it. 
 Somebody tell me what can I do. 
 Will I survive or will I die 
 On the streets its hard to survive. 
 Why, is it because I'm black, 
 Hot Shot got rock, I can't bring my cousin back. 
 Five-hundred thousand sold, gold, yeah it wasn't platinum, 
 But Clyde gave me another try, 'cause I wasn't whack. 
 And now I'm buzzin back, yeah I got my budget back. 
 Renegotiating got a mil to do a dozen tracks. 
 Yeah I'm eatin only reason is because I rap, my homies eatin only reason is because of crack. 
 They can't get a job so them niggas quick to rob, quick to steal, 
 Quick to kill, grip the steal, quick to ride. 
 Malcolm X, Martin Luther King we can't forget them guys. 
 These politician, hypocrites they got us hypnotize. 
 That why I kiss rick, why, we got to lift our eyes. 
 'Cause if we keep'em close they just goin' keep control. 
 And hold our sisters and brothers in the pen and we was born guilty 
 Cause the color of our skin.