Hey, yo I don't even know you and I hate you 
 See all I know is that my girlfriend used to date you 
 How would you feel if she held you down and raped you? 
 Tried and tried, but she never could escape you 
 She was in love and I'd ask her how? I mean why? 
 What kind of love from a nigga would black your eye? 
 What kind of love from a nigga every night make you cry? 
 What kind of love from a nigga make you wish he would die? 
 I mean shit he bought you things and gave you diamond rings 
 But them things wasn't worth none of the pain that he'd bring 
 And you stayed, what made you fall for him? 
 That nigga had the power to make you crawl for him 
 I thought you was a doctor be on call for him 
 Smacked you down 'cause he said you was too tall for him, huh? 
 That wasn't love, babygirl you was dreamin' 
 I coulda killed you when you said your seed was growin' from his semen 
 1 - Love is blind 
 And It'll take over your mind 
 What you think is love is truly not 
 You need to elevate and find 
 I don't even know you and I'd kill you myself 
 You played with her like a doll and put her back on the shelf 
 Wouldn't let her go to school and better herself 
 She had a baby by yo 
 Ass and you ain't giving no help 
 Uh-huh big time hustler, snake mothafucka 
 One's born everyday and everyday she was your sucka 
 How could you beat the motha of your kids? 
 How could you tell her that you love her? 
 Don't give a fuck if she lived 
 She told me she would leave you, I admit it she did 
 But came back, made up a lie about you missing your kids 
 Sweet kisses, baby ain't even know she was your mistress 
 Had to deal with fist fights and phone calls from your bitches 
 Lost like, you possessed her, tellin' me to mind my business 
 That it was her life and stay the fuck out of it 
 I tried and said just for him I'll keep a ready clip 
 I don't even know you when I want you dead 
 Don't know yo facts but I saw the blood pour from her head 
 See I laid down beside her in the hospital bed 
 And about two hours later, doctor said she was dead 
 Had the nerve to show up at her mother's house the next day 
 To come and pay your respects and help the family pray 
 Even knelt down on one knee and let a tear drop 
 And before you had a chance to get up 
 You heard my gun cock 
 Prayin' to me now, I ain't God but I pretend 
 I ain't start your life but nigga I'm a bring it to an end 
 And I did, clear shots and no regrets never 
 Cops come and lock me under da jail 
 Nigga wheneva my bitch, fuck that my sister 
 You could never figure out even if I let you live 
 What our love was all about 
 I consider her my blood and it ain't come no thicka 
 Repeat 1 till end