Keep it shaking, Cali keep it quaking 
 Cause the Ryders got me bringing home the bacon 
 Show me love, and it wasn't no mistaking 
 That I would dedicate this melody, fuck the hating 
 (Chorus: Snoop Dogg) 
 I had to tell my girl to pack her shit 
 'Cause she slipped and dipped inside 
 I need a girl that's ready to ride 
 To keep the heater right by her side 
 (Eve) 
 Hey yo, so what the deal Dogg, tell me, keep it real Dogg 
 Niggas seem stressed to the brain, how you feel Dogg? 
 Nigga I'ma ride, set it up, let it spill Dogg 
 Anything you want, I can flip, got the skill Dogg 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 Baby girl you so sophisticated 
 Finance related, you graduated 
 To the next level in the game, wearing my name 
 Bad little brick-house, go and do that thing 
 (Eve) 
 Yo, niggas surprised when they open they eyes 
 Thick in the thighs wasn't part of they plan 
 Not just his bitch, I'm like his main man 
 Act shifty, your resistance gone swiftly 
 Bitches mad at a nigga, asking why he kissed me 
 Stop whining, just to cry and get the macking daddy 
 I don't like it when the angry chick is acting crabby 
 That's why he bagged me 
 Ghetto jewel, never loud and trashy 
 No stressing over chicks, problem? Bet I solve it fastly 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 We gang-bang on these niggas like we 'posed to do 
 And I'll be damned if I let a bitch get close to you 
 We posted Boo, you, my, one and only 
 Quick to dump before the homies 
 Remember when that phony nigga ran up on me at the club? 
 You filled him up with slugs, that's what I call love 
 All that pushing and shoving, kissing and hugging 
 Thugging, dig it, dug-in 
 I'm loving every minute of it Boo 
 The way you stay true, and always kept your cool 
 You kept the heater right by your thigh 
 And when the shit got hectic you was ready to ride 
 You didn't run out, when I pulled the gun out 
 That's what I'm talking bout, no doubt 
 Ruff Riding, Eastsidin, to the realest y'know 
 D-O-double-Gizze, you know how we get busy 
 (Eve) 
 Hey yo, how could I leave a real nigga? A real nigga's all I need 
 Fake bitches try to take my place, fall to they knees 
 Don't violate, see my man, he don't like no scrapes 
 And if I heard you was fronting I hope on the case 
 Wild one? Maybe, but I'ma protect my baby 
 Test me fool and by the end you gon' think I'm crazy 
 That's how I do for my Dogg, keep my niggas strong 
 Both sides relied on the shit, nigga sing the song 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 Yeah, E-V-E! D-O-double-Gizze! Y'know! 
 Ruff Ridin', Eastsidin! Foe life, yeah 
 And you thought it'd never happen 
 Fuck the haters, bow wow! 
 Woof, woof, woof, woof, 
 Bitch! 
 It's official now, yeah 
 We goin' Ruff Ryde up on out of here on this one 
 East-side up East-siders 
 Goldie Loc in the house 
 Lil' 1/2 Dead 
 DJ Jam, my nigga E, Davey Dave, misbehave 
 Give it to 'em Dogg 
 What up DMX? woof! 
 Master P? 
 Dr. Dre 
 My nephew Scott on the beat 
 Illy Philly-delphia 
 Aw, yeah baby! 
 It's another one, funky as they come 
 Evey Eve and Doggy Dogg 
 Bitch please, aw