Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin (15x) 
 ::Missy e:: 
 I'mma shake my tambourine, 
 My a-ass be jumpin' like a trampoline. See the puddy cat? 
 A little pretty fat. and tell them boys to come close while you push back. Us girls look cute shakin our stuff, them boys standin back lookin' at us, shakin! shakin! now! 
 Let me break it down. When me and eve comin' through you better watch out. 
 Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin 
 Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin 
 Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin 
 Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin 
 Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin 
 ::Fabolous:: 
 (Jiggle it baby) 
 Go head baby 
 I flash screen till they say go head baby. your ass take you there, 
 U bet ta go head baby! 
 U can b the next jennifer lopez, maybe! And we can be cleaner then the post threads baby. 
 Lean on these Niggas like a dopehead baby. them no car niggas gets no bread baby. Do it say stupid on your forehead baby? since I got with L.A. 
 I ain't gotta check them bills 
 God-damn, this is how bedlum feels. 
 By the way I be lambourginin 
 And have chicks shakin like they tambourinin. 
 Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin 
 ::Eve:: 
 Yeah I'm back in ya ear but this time I got the remix 
 We made it even better this time can you believe this? 
 Catch 'em in the club when this shit come on 
 Hear the scream in the buildin this they favorite song 
 Can't stop and we ain't goin-try 
 U can watch while I shake 'cause I know what you like 
 From the front to the back got them shakin they hands 
 Even thugs 2 steppin that's as much as they dance. And yes its alrite see 'em gettin' loose now. Anything 
 Could happen over bottle of the goose now. Know its crazy how we like to play, I got 'em ready for it baby even (up to go to) Sandro pay! 
 ::Swizz beatz:: 
 I'm so clean, lis to me 
 Shawty on the floor shake-her damn tambourine. She all on the floor give me some more. Told her I could show attention never seen before. Told her I could make her back it up-upon the wall. 
 I told her I was freaky freaky freaky on the floor. 
 She thought that I was skinny so she thought I couln't hold her 
 Then I throw her damn big-ass on my shoulder, I told her! 
 Shake your tambourine gon get yourself a whistlin 
 (Like this, like that) 
 (To the left, to the right)"