(Feat. Coolio, Busta Rhymes, Ll Cool J, Method Man) 
 Greetings, earthlings 
 We have now taken over your radioooo... 
 (B-Real) 
 Goin' straight through the hole 
 You ain't got no game 
 I'm breakin' ya out the frame 
 Coming through like a train 
 Looking to take over the world is my goal 
 With my unstoppable crew takin' all control 
 You can't get none of this, we're runnin' this 
 Well taker, earth shaker, 3 point gunnin' this 
 Get out the lane, I'm comin' through 
 And if you don't wanna move then I'm comin' right through you 
 (Coolio) 
 It's like inch by inch and step by step 
 I'm closing in on your position and destruction is my mission 
 Though eight is not enough, your whole squad better duck 
 It's like switch when I bust 
 Now you're whole crew is dust 
 Comin' through my area, I'ma have to bury ya 
 The real scream team on your scream scene 
 It's like showdown on the range 
 Go tell me who wanna tangle with the 
 Ghetto witch-doctor neighborhood superhero? 
 (B-Real) 
 We want it all (want it all!) 
 Unstoppable, we run the floor (run the floor!) 
 You can't take none of this hardcore (hardcore!) 
 In the game we take you to war (war!) 
 You ain't seen nothin' like this before 
 (All) 
 If I hit 'em high, hit 'em high, hit 'em high 
 And you hit 'em low, hit 'em low, hit 'em low 
 If I hit 'em high, hit 'em high, hit 'em high 
 And you hit 'em low, hit 'em low, hit 'em low 
 (Method Man) 
 Insane like a runaway train I'm in your lane 
 Like it's only 3 seconds to score to win the game 
 Came to bring the ultimate pain upon the brain 
 Untamed, you won't like it when I change 
 And you are type strange 
 Make room, manaical monster in the game 
 And I got my eye on you 
 Deadshot aim, as free throws keep comin' down like rain 
 You feelin' me, I'm feelin' you 
 The Monstar again, I'm tellin' you 
 Pass me the rock, now I'm headed to the basket 
 Get up out my way is what you better do 
 My tactics is unsportsmanlike conduct 
 You better ask it 
 Don't get no better than this, you catch my drift? 
 You get stripped by ballhandlers ruled by Swackhammer 
 Danger, you're dealin' with official hoop-bangers 
 With hang time like a coat hanger 
 Jump, with thunderous 360-degree type dunks 
 What up doc? The Monstar funk 
 (LL Cool J) 
 Lightning strikes and the court lights get dim 
 Supreme competition is about to begin 
 Above the rim, finessin' and moves is animated 
 Once I get to ballin', I can't be deflated 
 I'm rugged raw, my Monstars is gettin' money 
 When clicks get to buggin', I'm snatchin' up their bunnies (Uh!) 
 Every step I take shakes the ground 
 I'll make you break your ankles, son, shakes you down 
 This is my planet, I'm bout business 
 The best that ever done it, can I get a witness? (Uh!) 
 Cumulus clouds bring darkness up above 
 You in it for the money? 
 Or in it for the love, M.J.? 
 23 ways to make a pay 
 Loungin' in the mothership back around my way (Uh!) 
 I'm 28 light years old 
 If the refs get political, dribble like Bob Dole 
 Am I gettin' lyrical? 
 Daddy, I think so 
 Monstar droppin' flavor fluid so drink slow 
 (Busta Rhymes) 
 Yo, god bless! 
 Pick up your chest 
 Here's an example of how I can stress your full court press 
 With finesse, I bench-press your stress whenever you test 
 We're speed ballin', on the fastbreak just like the pony express 
 I'm gonna mingle in your face and take the lid off 
 Just use your head and forfeit the game 
 You and your team just need to back off! 
 Get off my block, gimmie the ball, I said it's my rock! 
 I'm startin' a line-up by gettin' y'all to bring the livestock 
 Throw all your money in the pot 
 And make sure you bet all your money on my bank shot 
 When we come right through tell me what you really gonna do? 
 We'll leave your team name in shame and take your talent from you 
 While you abandon your ship, we take your championship 
 With nothing left for you to see except the instant replay clip 
 Money spending, goal tending, stay-bending teams like crash cars 
 Who do they be? 
 They be the Monstars!