Man - Yeah son what's up man, what the fuck is going on? How this pack lookin' man? 
 Man 2 - My nigga I'm out here, everything good, I got it 
 Man - The fuck does that mean nigga? How much money do you have? How much did you make this far 
 Man 2 - Bro I got the money my nigga, I got it 
 Man - Fuck all this I got the money. This nigga East be back in town in like 3-4 days my nigga 
 Man 2 - Aite my nigga and I'm out here, I'm clicking off my nigga, everything is flowing nigga. I got my workers out here we moving 
 Man - Alright y'all niggas better be doing something man. Y'all niggas better not be out here half assing my nigga. I swear to god man 
 Man 2 - C'mon my nigga, you always pressing me, I got it my nigga 
 Man - Alright I hear that shit man, what's up with you, you good though nigga? 
 Man 2 - Yeah I'm good man, shit hot but, you know, I'm getting to this paper my nigga 
 Man - You still ain't fucking no bitches or nothing? What you doin' in these streets 
 Man 2 - Oh come on man you know I got these bitches from out of town, from Philly that's coming through actually 
 Man - Well I hope you do nigga 
 Man 2 - Hold on for a second, shut the fuck up, no one want no fucking DVDs. Get the fuck out of here with that shit 
 Man 3 - Damn playboy no disrespect, no disrespect. Just tryna make some money out here, sell these DVDs. Y'all fucking my energy up man. I'm gettin' the fuck outta here 
 Man 2 - Fuck out of here with that dumb shit I don't want no DVDs man, it's getting on my nerves. But this money is the most important thing don't lose mind set of that though my nigga 
 Man 1 - I already know imma have that for East. Everything is good my nigga 
 Man 2 - Alright man, lets go get high or something. Get some backwoods or something 
 Man 1 - Alright, word up 
 From the bottom, only a couple still here 
 And we still here, Harlem 
 Never been a sucker, never been a hater 
 Fuck it, get the paper 
 Niggas talking bout they want it 
 They was never hungry, never seen 'em chase it 
 I'm in Philly knocking Kur shit 
 Tryna get the Beamer with the door lift 
 Jonesie my nigga from way back 
 I think of Malik and I shake that 
 30 niggas with the same plan 
 Whipping coca was the game plan 
 Thought I was rich with like 8 grand 
 Until I got cuffed in that gray van 
 I put my all in this rap shit 
 Thinking bout nights I was dead broke 
 Window shopping down on Fifth Ave 
 Tryna get a stripper with a big ass 
 Shooter my younging he with the shit 
 Drukie my nigga, he with the shit 
 You talking 'bout henny, gon' get the fifth 
 You hustle forever, won't get a brick 
 I'ma tryna flex at the dealership 
 Balmain with the Fendi, that's cinnamon 
 My bitch from Korea look cinnamon 
 I mix with a gangster and gentleman 
 I hop out the drop and the system be trembling 
 Police see us, they don't think that we're innocent 
 They rather hear about somebody killing him 
 But turn on the radio station 
 Records is playing they feeling him 
 He floating like he got a pill in him 
 Ain't going nowhere, gotta deal with him 
 30 bottles when I'm sitting on the couch, I'm living different now 
 30 bitches in my section and they tryna take a picture now 
 30 for the Rollie, I can blow it on a couple strippers now 
 30 young niggas looking up to me, I tell 'em get it now 
 Do what you gotta do, do what you gotta do 
 Don't matter who proud of you just do what you gotta do 
 Do what you gotta do, do what you gotta do 
 Don't matter who proud of you just do what you gotta do 
 We was in the 'jects, everybody sweating tryna get a blunt 
 Notice on the door, tell the landlord we need another month 
 Roaches walking on my toothbrush, nigga I come from the worst 
 Arrow tried to get it, trapping, playing ball, it left a nigga hurt 
 Designer my everything 
 That's on my mama and everything 
 I never got love up in no court 
 Respect to your honor, I'll never bring 
 I rap every day of my life nigga 
 They book me, I promise I'll never sing 
 We shop at the center out Beverly 
 That's Cali, you niggas could never see 
 The way that these real niggas look at shit 
 No dinner, my cousin was cooking shit 
 Baking soda in the Pyrex 
 I was born to be a star 
 Since a younging I was winning every contest 
 I'm just tryna keep my mom fresh 
 I'm just tryna keep my brother good 
 'Bout to light me up another wood 
 30 bottles when I'm sitting on the couch, I'm living different now 
 30 bitches in my section and they tryna take a picture now 
 30 for the Rollie, I can blow it on a couple strippers now 
 30 young niggas looking up to me, I tell 'em get it now 
 Do what you gotta do, do what you gotta do 
 Don't matter who proud of you just do what you gotta do 
 Do what you gotta do, do what you gotta do 
 Don't matter who proud of you just do what you gotta do 
 30 bottles when I'm sitting on the couch, I'm living different now 
 30 bitches in my section and they tryna take a picture now 
 30 for the Rollie, I can blow it on a couple strippers now 
 30 young niggas looking up to me, I tell 'em get it now 
 Do what you gotta do, do what you gotta do 
 Don't matter who proud of you just do what you gotta do 
 Do what you gotta do, do what you gotta do 
 Don't matter who proud of you just do what you gotta do