How could you hate the only brother that you never had? 
 I don't take it personal, I promise I ain't never mad 
 I could love you from a distance, I ain't gotta see you 
 It might not be me but somebody need you 
 Love don't disguise the evil 
 The summer coming, that mean bodies coming 
 Youngins 'round here don't respect you if you ain't body nothin' 
 I talked to Corey 'bout politics, know he probably frontin' 
 Even though he labelled minority, know somebody huntin' 
 Tryna avoid all the politics, Corey hated rumblin' 
 Temptations calling your name will turn you to David Ruffin 
 June 23rd homie got cold, they killed his favorite cousin 
 Lawyer tried to give him options, he could not relate to nothin' 
 Corey had a homie that rapped, he told him come play him somethin' 
 Said he liked his music, it's different, he really sayin' something 
 Corey had a job but his homie was broke 
 Tryna rap, his homie lived with his cousin 
 His homies bagged all kind of crack 
 Corey went home to his family on the daily 
 His homies had other niggas around, he knew 'em barely 
 Corey naturally scary, so any issue he calling his homie 
 His homie trapping for studio time, he walking only 
 Sometimes he catch the train 
 Every now and then he'd get a cab 
 He got a gift, hundreds of thousands, it's written in his path 
 Corey too stuck in his ways to chase a dream 
 He'd much rather be content with his nine-to-five and it seems 
 His homie is getting distant on him 
 The music got him away from the routine so Corey said he got different on him 
 He heard his homie got signed by a legend 
 This the same nigga he could call, leave his mama the message 
 That's the same homie you got jumped, told you ride with a weapon 
 Same homie that seen them niggas and told you don't care if I get arrested 
 Somehow y'all lost touch, Corey constantly blame his homie 
 His homie tried to reach out but Corey was actin' phony 
 Actin' fake busy, guess he felt that would balance out 
 His homie working on his album, got no time to chat it out 
 He offered Corey a flight, said he could land by tonight 
 Corey replied shit like maybe I might 
 Corey pride took over, I ain't lettin' this nigga fly me out 
 I'd rather play the hood anyway, it's nothing to lie about 
 He ain't tell his homie that, told his homie he'd call him back 
 A week passed, his homie recording, he still ain't call him back 
 His homie ain't even feel no type of way about it 
 They both from the bottom, his homie found a way up out it 
 Now the only way he see him is on Instagram 
 He don't like his pictures, his homie stay in a different land 
 People in Africa love him, homie got different fans 
 Who would've thought y'all have different plans from gettin' ran 
 Out the building when the police would come 
 Y'all was robbing the pizza man before the pizza was done 
 Corey homie had had a daughter, I think it start with a K 
 Corey ain't bought a gift for baby girl until this day 
 His homie on TV now, and Corey can see the crowds 
 His fans know every word, plus they repeating it loud 
 Homie nice with the fashion, he see him kill 'em with style 
 Corey starting to feel it 'cause they ain't chilled in a while 
 Homie kept it in motion, ain't seen Corey in a minute 
 Homie got a hundred homies that's genuine, come with business 
 Homie always fuck with Corey but music is what he wanted to do 
 Now when he be coming through he heard Corey be mumblin' too 
 Talkin' how the homie left, forgot about the family 
 And all he had to offer me was a flight to Miami 
 Corey struggling but meanwhile the homie paid 
 Homie got a crib, if it get dirty homie get a maid 
 Corey envious, homie thinking if I was only paid 
 Every time they say his name, Corey say that's my homie Dave 
 How could you hate the only brother that you never had? 
 I don't take it personal, I promise I ain't never mad 
 I could love you from a distance, I ain't gotta see you 
 It might not be me but somebody need you 
 (Love don't disguise the evil) 
 How could you hate the only brother that you never had? (how could you hate?) 
 I don't take it personal, I promise I ain't never mad (I promise) 
 I could love you from a distance, I ain't gotta see you (I ain't gotta see you) 
 It might not be me but somebody need you 
 (Love don't disguise the evil) 
 (Outro: Corey) 
 Hello, no one is available to take your call. please leave a message after the tone 
 Yo, yo what up boy? Yo East I just got off work man, I seen you on MTV man, that's crazy man! Everybody talkin' about you out here man, you doin' your thing man, I can't believe it man. Finally made it man, we gotta catch up man it's been so long. I know it's been a minute but just hit me up whenever you get a chance to. It's Corey 
 Yo, what's good bro? I see lil mama getting big, I ain't even see her yet man. I know it's been a minute man, but tell her I'm here for her man 
 Yo, crazy shit happened bro. Missed the flight. Send me another one! like y'all big time rappers do man, haha, I know y'all got it, haha. Nah I'm just playin' but like call me Dave 
 Damn nigga that's crazy man. Been callin' you off the hook ever since you told me you would send me the flight to Miami. Nigga ain't make one flight you goin' crazy? It's crazy my nigga. Don't forget your boy man. I been here before all these other dudes man. It's me Corey man. I was supporting you, don't act like that man. It's me Dave, I know you. Dave