Man + Dave East 
 + 
 Woman 
 ) 
 I don't got too many minutes left on the phone. Do me a favor, some I'm filling out my sheet right now for tomorrow to take the money out in the morning. (Alright). You can't take pay it? ('Cause I don't have no credit card I got straight cash, I'm in the stu' but I can give it to somebody). Alright so umm you could meet up with wifey then I guess. where you at? What studio you downtown right now? (I'm in Queens I'ma be in Quad at 7 o'clock.) She get off at 8 or some shit like that, or 8:30. (Well when she get off she can come there, I'ma be there until 1 in the morning). Alright so bae so you wanna do that? 
 Yeah I got you 
 . Alright, alright cuzzo. I love you, I'll call you tomorrow on the wake up, I'll call you, I'll call you early in the morning. (Love you more nigga) Alright, alright, I'll talk to you later. (Alright) Alright cuzzo 
 Dave East 
 Attica, Clinton 
 All my niggas downstate Coxsackie 
 My boy Murder doing the pound cake, five years 
 All my life, I've been around tears 
 Never timid around niggas that sound scared 
 Green haven, free Ra he up in Lake View 
 Hating me 'cause I'm working, you come home they gon' hate you 
 We was in the club drinking Henny by the gallon 
 Next morning found out Scrappy on the Island 
 Doe mom's called me like we gotta go visit 
 Charlie calling collect, let's just send him some pictures 
 Your commissary'll never be short, your son good 
 It really don't matter, whatever get bought 
 That's on my life 
 Sevyn Streeter 
 Sending my love to you 
 Praying that you come home (Inshallah) 
 Until the day you do (uh) 
 I'll be sending my love 
 Sending my love to you 
 Praying that you come home (Inshallah) 
 Until the day you do (uh) 
 I'll be sending my love 
 Dave East 
 Imagine your whole block get indicted 
 Never thinking that for your freedom you will be fighting 
 You was only focused on getting back by the nights and 
 If he ain't had the time you was robbing him for his Brightling 
 Robbing them for they Cuban or anything they was moving 
 You caught a hot one last summer, you still grooving 
 Home invasions, living rooms you been intruding 
 Your mother gave you everything, you shoulda been a student 
 Shoulda went to college, experience is the best teacher 
 Never listened, you shoulda took in that knowledge 
 Learned how to watch for grimy niggas like Knxwledge 
 Who am I to judge? I got knocked for a couple dollars 
 I'm just sending my love in case I miss your call 
 You would hold me down, whether the problem was big or small 
 And then you come home, they probably find us in the mall 
 I'm bout to have a daughter, I'll let you know when she getting tall 
 I love you 
 Sevyn Streeter 
 Hold your head 
 Don't forget 
 I be thinking about you every day 
 Counting down the days 
 Till I see your face 
 And you know we celebrate it 
 Sending my love to you 
 Praying that you come home 
 Until the day you do 
 I'll be sending my love 
 Sending my love to you 
 Praying that you come home 
 Until the day you do 
 I'll be sending my love