(Tony Sunshine) 
 Ooh... Puerto Rico 
 (Big Punisher) 
 Toma 
 Chorus: Tony Sunshine 
 Pronto llegara 
 El dia de mi suerte 
 Te lo juro por mi gente 
 Te juro que un dia llegara 
 And we won't stop 
 We always knew we'd make it 
 Even though you player hated 
 We still made it to the top 
 (Big Punisher) 
 Puerto Rock Puro, not Menudo no I'm not the one 
 I'm studyin Judo, you don't know if I got a gun 
 It's Pun, from the X side of things, baguette inside my rings 
 Everything I want I gets, bada-BING 
 It's mine I Shyne like money that sound like Biggie 
 Fuck around my town, Boogie Down my city 
 Come around get pound, to the ground no pity 
 Watch the sound, fo'-pound twenty round milli' 
 Get smacked silly, for coming out your mug 
 I'm known for bouncin' thugs from the Tunnel to the Salsa clubs 
 Don't matter, put the chrome to your bladder 
 Splatter your abs, have you pissin in a plastic bag 
 That's a drag now you abnormal 
 Don't make me go out to rumble, 
 And put some motherfuckin stabs on you 
 The night is young and I'm already fightin hidin my gun 
 Promoter buggin screamin, "Who the fuck invited Pun?" 
 (Big Punisher) 
 From San Juan to Bayamon, I'm the Don Juan beside the Don 
 Live long, get your party on 
 Don't let the liquor fool you, 'cause I'll stick it to you 
 Somethin' sharp to the heart, or somethin' big to move you 
 The Desert or the shottie, whateva you the body 
 That chose to be the dumb nigga at the party 
 Too much Bacardi started speakin' dumb 
 Then you tried to snuff Joe - must have been Puerto Rican rum 
 That's the hardcore, two years a sophomore 
 Takes years to earn a pair of Terror Squad balls 
 So get lost or take one, bones I break them 
 Pigs are bacon, so get fried if they come 
 You see that? I'm like G. Rap, 'Pac, Master P 
 All balled up with a twist of Marc Anthony 
 Recognize me I'm the one that's cockin the auto 
 Tony Sunshine please canten el coro 
 [Tony] It ain't over 
 [Pun] I thought you ain't like the beat 
 [Tony] Te digo que no se ha acabao 
 (Tony Sunshine) 
 La tierra del Borinquen donde nacido yo 
 Aha aha aha aha... 
 Es un jardin florido de magico primor 
 Aha aha aha aha aha aha aha... 
 Un cielo siempre nitido, que sirve de dosel 
 Y dan arrullos placidos, las olas a sus pies 
 (Frankie Cutlass sample) 
 A Puerto Rico... 
 A Puerto Rico... 
 A Puerto Rico... 
 A Puerto Rico... 
 A Puerto Rico...