Ay-yo I shatter dreams like Jordan, assault and batter your team 
 Your squadron'll be barred from rap like Adam and Eve from the garden 
 I'm carvin' my initials on your forehead 
 So every night before bed you see the "BP" shine off the board head 
 Reverse that, I curse at the first wack nigga with the worst rap 
 'Cause he ain't worth jack 
 Hit 'em with a thousand pounds of pressure per slap 
 Make his whole body jerk back, watch the earth crack 
 Hand him his purse back 
 I'm the first Latin rapper to baffle your skull 
 Master the flow, niggaz be swearin' I'm blacker than coal 
 Like Nat King, I be rapping in tongues, 
 Packing the ones, magnums, cannons and gatling guns 
 It's Big Pun! The one and only son of Tony... Montana 
 You ain't promised manana in the rotten manzana 
 C'mon pana we be mob rhymers 
 Feel the marijuana, snake bite, anaconda 
 A man of honor would wanna match my persona 
 Sometimes rhymin' I blow my own mind like Nirvana 
 Comma, and go the whole nine like Madonna 
 Go try to find another rhymer with my kinda gramma 
 CHORUS -- When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken 
 Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination (2x) 
 I'm pure adrenaline, uncut, straight to your gut, medicine 
 Raw cure for pain I coat your brain like polyurathane 
 Simple and plain, I'll explain it in layman terms 
 If you came to learn how to make fire, I'm-a make it burn! 
 Higher and hotter than lava this scholar 
 Is 'bout just as smart as MacGyver 
 To put honor inside the heart of a lion 
 Revolved in a life of crime (crime!) 
 Fuck it I like the shine (shine!), Up in the white and lime (lime!) 
 Comes with the pipe design 
 Plushed out! (No doubt!) Both pockets about to bust out 
 If you not in it for the spinach, GET THE FUCK OUT! 
 Take a hike, we can even battle to make it right 
 Go 'head lace the mic, you finished? Say good night... 
 Head to head in the street, I'll leave you dead in your feet 
 Settlin' beef, I'll even let you rhyme to the Benjamin beat 
 But it won't matter, you dreams still gon' shatter 
 It's a long ladder to climb and mine is on the stagger 
 So get outta town, 'fore I hit you 
 With the loudest sound you ever heard 
 Desert bird player you outta bounds 
 You need the Pun to dis you if your whole steez is unofficial 
 I'll come and get you and let the desert eez tongue kiss you 
 With one pistol and two clips, I'll make your crew do flips 
 Like acrobatics, I'm charismatic, my gat is magic 
 It makes rappers disappear, whipser in your ear 
 Crystal clear, come here, let me kiss your tears 
 Everything you fear is here, you ain't got to search further 
 The first murder's the worst now I thirst further for reverse birth 
 Every verse hurts, every curse word's already more offending 
 Than Eddie Murph's worst 
 I thirst for blood like a vampire, any man claimin' his game's tighter 
 Is a god damn liar! 
 I set 'em on fire, retire your train of thought 
 Drain a quart of blood out your brain and leave you insane in the dark 
 The king of New York! Lays his crown in the Boogie Down 
 And sprays the town, with a Mac hoodied down 
 I'm no joke! (Yuh!) I soak your face with a sweeper 
 Dying disgrace, I'll face your death through the speaker 
 CHORUS (4x) to fade out