(Big Pun) 
 Big Pun baby 
 You miss me? 
 {See Pun gon' sing, then he gon' rhyme} 
 {Let me lick you girl where the sun don't shine} 
 {I'm gon' sing, Treach gon' rhyme} 
 {Let me lick you girl where the sun don't shine} 
 Chorus: Big Pun + backup singer (repeat 2X) 
 We can do it in the middle of the night girl 
 We can do it on the beach in the sunlight 
 We can do it anywhere that you like girl 
 Long as you do it, and do it, all night 
 (Big Pun) 
 So how you like it mama? In the morning coming out the 
 Sho-wah? 
 How 'bout the middle of the night, late after hours? 
 My powers be have her comin' hard to God, say good Muslim 
 From the way I crush the sun, the moon, and then the stars 
 Punisher's large like the planets 
 But if you make my dick hard like Janet 
 Then you can ride the Squad transit 
 Trizz Nathaniel to you, can you handle my crew? 
 Bend over by the fridge and hand me your brew 
 This is how we do, that's just how you do 
 Throw a hand in the air, and scream Trizz Power rules 
 (Trizz Power rules) Again (Trizz Power rules) 
 That means you run train, with your whole damn crew, c'mon 
 (Treach) 
 Dirty Jerz, wettin the set, with no sweat and Moet 
 If you want the Treach, there's no dick with no lickin' 
 For you home or hubby, how come ? make it sunny 
 You took off the rag, so don't get mad that it's runny 
 I fuck with the rubby, and long stroke don't poke 
 Put the hooter in your cooler till your booty gets soaked 
 I knock it from the front, and make you look at your foot 
 Hit it solo from the back I might forget how you look 
 An old crook crashin knowin' who wanna screw 
 I've been fuckin' ever since you called it doin' the do 
 Now who you doin' it to? The fuckin' screw of the crew? 
 Hittin somethin' and drunk drivin' past the boys in the blue 
 Talkin' to you 
 (Treach) 
 Poo-tang... tang... no scallywagging! Now 
 Hit it from the Illtown ground to Cali alley, now 
 Bang it in a Boogie Down building, with no windows (BX) 
 With your partner riding Big Pun, passin indo 
 If Pun smack her ass tell her grab his gut 
 'Cause when I pop the cock, watch the nuts erupt 
 Been platinum, no more sleepin' on latin rappin' (boricua) 
 So get your mackin crackin' and Pun pass the Magnum 
 (Big Pun) 
 It's me Big Pee the bachelor 
 Your Secret Garden need a weeder whacker 
 All I need is my gat and my black Cleopatra 
 She the master of seduction with a classy introduction 
 Must be after somethin' way she make that ass function 
 Pass the Dutch and take off your boots 
 I'ma call my troops, and just work that caboose 
 Terror Squad the truth, we the proof for the kids 
 In the Coupe with the Trizz, WHOOT! There it Is, c'mon 
 (Backup singer) 
 Take off your clothes, meet me in the bathtub 
 I wanna get it on, scrub a dub rub 
 Last night baby, told me that you'd stay 
 And when I awake it seems like you're gone for days 
 Chorus (minus Big Pun) only *1X* 
 (Backup singer) 
 We can do it in the middle of Little Italy 
 Don't worry about your man, he can't do diddily 
 Oh... I can do it better! 
 Seé§ra, seé§rita, 
 Tan preciosa, 
 Nena linda 
 Seé§ra morenita 
 Tan preciosa 
 Morenita 
 Quitate toda la ropa mi amor 
 Quiero estar en lo contigo corazon