(Cuban Link) 
 Yeah, the foundation, L.G.P. 
 Latins Goin' Platinum baby! 
 Yeah yeah, yeah... 
 Uh, year 2000 
 Terror Squadians (Terror Squad) 
 We rock the party and (you won't like me when I'm angry) 
 (I guarantee you, you won't like me when I'm angry) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah... Terror Squadians 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (uh, yeah) 
 We rock the party and... 
 Yeah! I tear the club up, pull up in the Hummer with Pun 
 My fuckin' brother, makin' motherfuckers run for cover 
 The number runner son, I'm nothin' but a hustler 
 Burnin rubber with drugs, stuffed up in the muffler 
 Shut the fuck up! Bust a slug through your jugular 
 Plus suckers get fucked up with golf clubs, never front on us 
 T.S. baby, straight out the B.X. baby 
 So if they B.S., we deeper than the U.S. Navy 
 You ain't crazy - laid up in the club like WHAT? 
 With all the ladies - showin us nothin' but LOVE 
 Guzzlin 80 - proof to truth, straight to the GUT 
 In a Mercedes - Coupe fucked up doin' a BUCK 
 If Jakes chase me - I'm cuttin' off trucks, pressin my LUCK 
 It's all gravy - puffin the blunt, blazin' it UP 
 Maybe you hate me - cause your baby mom's on my NUTS 
 She wanna rape me - just because I'm sexy as FUCK 
 So nigga WHAT? 
 Chorus: Pun and Cuban Link 
 [Pun] Tear the club up! 
 [Link] 'Cause we don't care 
 [Pun] E'rybody strip 
 [Link] Yeah we don't care 
 [Pun] Shoot the place up! 
 [Link] Yeah we don't care (nuh-ah) 
 We don't care (nuh-Ah!) 
 We don't care! (NAHHHAHH!) 
 [Link] Yeah we don't care 
 [Pun] T. Squaders 
 [Link] Yes, yeah we don't care 
 [Pun] Fuck you nigga! 
 [Link] Nah we don't care (nuh-ah) 
 We don't care (nuh-Ah!) 
 We don't care! (NAHHHAHH!) 
 (Big Punisher) 
 Yo, I'm livin' in mansions, give me the Spanish props 
 I got to have it 
 Loadin and bustin' a mac, did shit in the past 
 Was ?? a fourth of they asses 
 Duck when the mac hits or be dead before your body falls 
 'Cause when my shotty roars we ignore Guiliani laws 
 My trigger got no heart nigga, I'm blowin' apart liver 
 And holdin' the glocks, call to the cops, I'm blowin' the spot 
 Baby better head for the hills, my niggaz wild for the night 
 My lead ready to peel this shit really real 
 My clip fillity fill your chick with a chill 
 My dick quick to kill, we fittin to ill 
 No survivors, ?? Godivas or roses and flowers 
 Sour the grapes for those opposin the Squaders 
 Don't ?? ??, like funky pajamas, word to my junkie mama 
 I'ma keep it funky for homies livin' tomorrow 
 You fuckin' with scholars, street knowledge 
 Carter kids stuck to the projects 
 Go ahead keep checkin' that mall 
 And me and Cuban gon' keep doublin our chips 
 Keep talkin' that dumb shit like you want it 
 Yeah when are you gonna buck shit 
 ??? ???, ??? This mug shit 
 (Cuban Link) 
 Uh... 
 Yeah... 
 Big Punisher... 
 Cuban Link... 
 Terror Squad... 
 Y'all wanna party? Gon' party our way... 
 Anything goes... 
 The code of the streets, WHAT WHAT? ...