This is to my niggas up in here with they fuckin' shorties and 
 Shit... your girls... your wifies and shit... this is to them niggas... 
 Victoria don't know how to keep a secret 
 Like a nigga need pussy, a bitch need dick 
 Statistics show that out of every ten hoes 
 Whether married or in love done cheatin' befo' 
 And if they did it once, they'll probably do it again 
 Turn your back, Jerry Springer style, screwin' your friend 
 And that alone's enough to make any niggas furious 
 Nigga you wasn't hittin' it right, maybe she's just curious 
 You all serious, your girl all gigglin' 
 'Cause she know I'm right, somebody slid up in that clitoris 
 (Somebody slid up in that clitoris) 
 (Somebody slid up in that clitoris) 
 How to know if your girl cheatin' 
 Does she go out every weekend? 
 Freakin', you and her hardly speakin' 
 She hang with hoes, and you hate them chicks 
 Leave the club around Three, don't get home till Six 
 Probably met some nigga, she ain't goin' home 
 Claim the battery died on her mobile phone 
 You found a number, she swear she don't know who's it is 
 She know more niggas than you in the music biz 
 You try to talk to her, but she's in her own World 
 On the phone with some nigga, actin' like it's her home girl 
 You don't think your girl got bones in her closet? 
 Bring it up she starts an argument and change the topic. 
 Aiyo, turn it up, and take a look at your bitch 
 If she smilin' somebody stuck a dick in your bitch 
 Now think about when you're not around, who she be wit'? 
 And think about the bullshit you got away wit' 
 You better pay attention now, or you gon' cry later 
 Middle of the night, a nigga blowin' up her skypager 
 You can't hear it though, she got it on vibrator 
 She be creepin' 'cause you think she gon' violate her 
 When you havin' sex is she already sore? 
 Did the pussy feel like it was tighter before? 
 Is she gettin' gifts she couldn't only afford? 
 Been together for a Month and she already bored? 
 If your girl is cheatin' with her legs open wide 
 You never know, she could be playin' from both sides 
 She could be playin' with another chick G. 
 'Cause nowadays all bitches ain't strictly dickly. 
 (Talking to girl) 
 Aiyo... 
 Huh?... 
 Let me ask you somethin'... 
 Yeah?... 
 You love me? 
 Yeah I love you 
 Huh... yeah right... 
 (Chorus 3: repeat 2X) 
 It was just sex, probably ain't mean nothin' to her 
 It was just sex, it was just a fuck to her 
 No emotion, no love, no feelings inside 
 It was only one time, it was only one night