(Featuring X1) 
 (Sticky and X1) 
 Watchu want? Watchu want? Watchu want? 
 Watchu want? Watchu want? Everything I could get 
 Watchu want? Watchu want? Watchu want? ...I want it all 
 Watchu want? Yo Yo ...I want everything... I want everything 
 Yo Yo 
 Sticky Fingaz ...X1 Wha! ...Official Nas 
 Yo Yo Yo 
 (Chorus: Sticky and X1) 
 I want the coke spots cartell the drug blocks 
 I want mad guns four 5's and magnums 
 I want my own club mad dough wit no love 
 I want a dumb chick carry work or bust trips 
 I want my own hood projects to boulevards 
 I wanna wild out smoke blunts and blow hard 
 I want more clothes ill crib and wardrobes 
 I want your ice, your wife, or your life 
 (X1) 
 Yo Yo... The bottom line is 
 I want everything the credit cards to the wedding ring 
 Outta state strips would have to be basic 
 98 percent shit they could fiend brain shit face it 
 X1 no doubt I'm way sick 
 I need weed spots at least 2 on each block 
 You got 1s I got big heads in my knot 
 How 'bout a drop top cranberry six wit deep dish 
 Whore house wit nothin' but cheap chicks 
 Now peep this I wanna be rich 
 Its no secret, but I was always known as a thief 
 I want in on every crack sold in da street 
 Holdin' da heat on top till I'm old wit no teeth 
 Blast 3 through your artery its hard killin' me 
 I love artillery particularly ap 1's is my specialty 
 Especially I want y'all to know 
 Fuck y'all niggas if you ain't feelin' me 
 (Chorus: Sticky and X1) 
 I want drop tops, chop shops, and pay cops 
 I wanna lay low wit police on pay roll 
 I want the ill scam 5 g's off 10 grams 
 I want hydro 5 pounds in garbage cans 
 I want a bad bitch fat ass with no flaws 
 I want 2 of dem' twins witout no draws 
 I want cell phones, fast cars, and mad chrome 
 I want a crack house so fiends could black out 
 (Sticky Fingaz) 
 I want a hundred mil tax free in big unmarked bills 
 If I don't get it, tampons for the blood I'm'a spill 
 I just want pull da trigger for the love of the thrill 
 I just want battle niggas for they publishin' deals 
 I'm greedy, selfish, I hate this shit 
 Want a different burner everyday to match my fear, What 
 Meet Janet and Jennifer to have a threesome 
 Fall out gettin' brain don't wake up till 3 sumthin 
 Want beef? nigga we could go squeeze nines 
 Till you dead or wavin white flags and peace signs 
 Want all my niggas free that got strikes three times 
 And so much ice on my watch I could freeze time 
 You violate, you get clapped in da head 
 Want Big and Machiavelli to come back from the dead 
 Want that cL500 coupe, chromed out platinum, (backround: whatchu mean?) 
 What am I sayin', I got one 
 (Chorus: Sticky and X1) 
 I want more tecks, your presidential rolex 
 I want 9 lives, you gotta kill me 9 times 
 I want air play, from New York To L.A. 
 I wanna murder shit, get caught and get away with it 
 I want the good weed, light green with no seeds 
 I wanna e-class, rob banks wit ski masks 
 I want the basics, ice chains and bracelets, 
 I want your necklace, the keys to your lexus 
 I wanna hotel, strictly for dope sales 
 I want Bo guard, max out your gold card 
 I wanna hit stars, spend money in strip bars 
 I wanna crime spree, bucket off sky free 
 I want lump sums, cds and trust funds 
 I want your wack rappers to stop biten my clik 
 I want your props, I want your whole crew not, 
 I want you punk niggas, just to get off my dick 
 What! What! 
 Watchu want? What! What! What! 
 Watchu want? Watchu want? Watchu want? Watchu want?Watchu want? 
 I want it all... Watchu want? 
 I want everything... 
 Watchu want?.. 
 I want the whole fuckin' world know wat I'm sayin'?...