(Violent J's Intro) 
 I choke... nope... that's wack hold up. 
 I stab you with an umbrella, 
 Then open it 'cause I'm sick like a diseased Ethiopean. 
 All right Hold Up! Wait a second listen! 
 I peel your cap back with a cannon ball, 
 I buck 'em all fuck 'em all we standin' tall woo... 
 Three 6 Mafia, Insane Clown Posse, and Twiztid! 
 (Juicy J) 
 We used to... We used to... We used to rob for them petty things, 
 Like a gold chain, know a muthafucka make it rain, now it's cocaine 
 If you see me on the dope train, I'm the dope man 
 Cigarettes in muh right hand, ready to make a stain 
 Old folks scared of eye-gain, at the window pane 
 They be lookin' wit a migraine 
 While I catch a drain and you know it's a fuckin' shame 
 When you in this game tryin' to sell to a sprung lane 
 I control ya brain 
 (DJ Paul) 
 Now do muh niggas bust glocks fuck wit us Big see 
 It's the ¿buggaz? of the boat, bust a trick make 'em bleed 
 Through his neck through his back nigga cover them hoes 
 Ain't no mess goin' be workin' when you twirkin' with some pros 
 Automatic rep a carrier challenge on the barrier, hang 'em in the closet 
 Kidnap the treasurer, bandanas on our face we wilin' out like some cowboys 
 Hoe we need the g's and I'm talkin' like NOW BOYS! 
 Chorus: Gangsta Boo (repeat 2X) 
 We just anotha crazy click 
 Doin' whatever to get us wild when we pumped up 
 You ain't anotha bitch I ain't goin' lie, put ya guns up, 
 Show 'em who really runnin' the streets with the calicos 
 (Monoxide Child) 
 We the click that don't play... 
 Quik to rip ya head off and hand it to Violent J and bury it away 
 I'm on the spree killa for freak without a conscious 
 Bitches we on a mission to bomb shit! 
 Twiztid, ICP, with the Triple Six Click 
 Hoes that pop lip, can eat a dick, or get ya neck slit 
 I'm havin' these memory relapses of bodies up in the caskets 
 With no heads Monoxide foolin' wit tha dead! 
 (Jamie Madrox) 
 We rollin' deep on the lawn with the psychopathic leathers on 
 You slingin' stones? so come bring it on 
 When gettin' drunk at ya funerals treat us like we criminals 
 We juggalo individuals! 
 We just anotha crazy click... ICP, Twiztid, Triple Six! 
 All up in this bitch and we runnin' shit 
 We doin' drive bys on all y'all wit chain saws 
 Here I come redefined, rugged and raw! 
 (Violent J) 
 We just anotha crazy click to fuck around and bury ya 
 Takin' care of ya we the scrarier tha malaria 
 I walk around your neighborhood like Frankenstein 
 Chokin' anybody I find I'm takin' mine 
 (Shaggy 2 Dope) 
 Ya muthafuckas can't get near it, cause ya fear it 
 Look in my glass eye, I'm sick like Lou Gherig 
 I don't know Judo but I go "Kheeya!" 
 I'll fuck you up so bad a wheel chair couldn't see ya! 
 (Violent J) 
 Listen... You hear that slut? 
 That was me! pullin' this stick out ya butt! 
 I'm a juggalo serial killa instead screamin' fuck y'all 
 I stab bitches wit a chain saw! 
 (Shaggy 2 Dope) 
 We walk around countin' the rocks, beatin' scrubs up 
 And raidin' tin dogs face I throw the dubs up 
 We tearin' clubs up Down South Wit D 
 Three Six y'all... Twiztid, and I.C.P