Hey pass me a beer man. 
 Here you go. 
 Man that nigga been standing on the same god damn 
 Spot slagin that shit about the last 4-5 days man. 
 Wit the same clothes on ain't even been home yet. 
 I don't even think so I wonder if he smoking or selling 
 That shit he had to be smoking or snortin something 
 To up for them 4-5 days 
 Naw I heard he shot somebody man. 
 Forreal? 
 That's the reason why he probably can't go home. 
 Yeah you know like what you call been missing to man 
 I think that's the nigga he suppose to be frontin his money to. 
 That's why the police been drivin' around so hard. 
 Yeah burning the spot up man yeah yeah we might need to gone call 
 528-CASH that nigga ass. 
 And turn him on in. 
 We need to man to make that little change man get some mo beers 
 Or something. 
 Yeah we gone do that. 
 Need to hurry up and gone turn that nigga ass in man make 
 This neighborhood probably a little bit safer man. 
 A little bit more. 
 Atleast for us or somthing dang. 
 Blunt to my lips. 
 Gun on my hip. 
 Rocks in my sock. 
 Pocket full of chips. 
 Watchin for the pigs. 
 Splitin hataz wigs. 
 Stackin me some grip. 
 Playa can ya dig. 
 (Project Pat) 
 Project Pat a nigga that's down for his crown mane. if your ass 
 Step ima be downtown mane. 4th floor bound mane that's if I get caught 
 Mane. push me to the edge so it really ain't my fault mane. see 
 I gotta die man. don't you even try man. enemies gone bleed once 
 I let these bullets fly mane. momma gonna cry mane. I like to get 
 High mane. niggas passing plates snortin line after line man. I got's to 
 Get mine mane. robbing was the crime mane. that a nigga did but 
 I done serve my time mane. put that all behind mane. get out on 
 The grind mane. slang some of this dope in the steets or my 
 Ride mane. see I ain't a fool mane. fuck listen to you mane. why 
 You in my grill and you knowin' we ain't cool mane. project ain't 
 A duck mane. see I know waz up mane. get up off my dick like a 
 Motherfucking slut mane. 
 Where I'm from man ain't no sunshine only shine on a doggs ass if 
 His ass don't get on the grind doin' time help a nigga out to 
 Clear up my head use to have a shank and a knife that was by my bed it 
 Was said I would end up dead working in the streets but the 
 Streets is the only thang I see payin' me quarter key fuck 
 Servin' deals rockin' to the shake slangin guns slangin TV's 
 Man I'm tryin' to make all I can my nigga puncho at a hoes 
 House get her drunk take her to the back put dick in her 
 Mouth leave the dront door unlocked my nig turn the radio 
 Pull the car up into the yard cleaning out the hoe you should 
 Know that a burglary really ain't for me I just got out the 
 Tentary tryin' to get my feet get the cheese off the merchandise 
 Went a bought a deal nigga please you say you don't steal ima keep 
 It real. 
 Hataz like to get a playa twisted in that bullshita and game 
 Splita I'm also a wig splita your ass getta shoot up by the 9 mila 
 Your cap I drilla when fucking with real nigga the chrome trigga 
 Shall regulate a punk quicker a bullet hit ya I'm zoned of that brown 
 Liquor you need to get ya nose outta niggas biz quit spreadin 
 Rumors like a motherfucking punk bitch my trunk is the bed for a 
 Kidnapped victim hollow point hit them pull out my gun your hands 
 You get them up in the air ah because you came to me in error 
 Don't wanna scare ya see you have manifest in terror I know these 
 Bullets will pop your shit off like a meleon lets bust it up man 
 Fuck man who you tellin' its armagedeon the North Memphis crack we 
 Sellin you pass me the potent weed is what they yellin'. 
 Chorus Fades Out