(Girl) Aaaaaaaaaaaaa...(DJ Paul) Please (Project Pat) Yeah 
 (Girl) Ah Please! (DJ Paul) Say pretty please (girl) ah... 
 (Project Pat) Yeah *sound of mix table* 
 (DJ Paul) Say I want some triple six dick 
 (*Mixing* Let's...) 
 (Girl) Ooh I want some triple six dick...(girl screaming) 
 (*Mixing* Let's call the boys let's run a train) 
 (DJ Paul) Say I want some Hypnotize Minds dick (girl) I can feel it 
 (Two girls screaming) Let's run a train 
 (Mixing) Let's run a train 
 (DJ Paul) Spread it open, Let's run a train 
 (Mixing) Let's call the boys let's run a train 
 (Mixing) Let's run a train 
 (DJ Paul) I'm 'bout to claw it, 'bout to claw it 
 Let's run a train (2x) Let's call the boys let's run a train 
 Project Pat: 
 It's the drink player, ho layer, money making bitch breaker 
 Take a ho straight to the room and I save a spot for my row dogs 
 Drinking on eight ball, 
 Don't y'all wanna run a train on this bald head bitch 
 Sucking a dick quick, I spit mack shit, lick, 
 On a ho's mind fine with a big behind 
 I'm going to dick her down soon as she sucks a dick, 
 Nut on her tongue, Juicy filming this porno flick, 
 Enter with, man this ho is wild she ain't wearing draws 
 Dick in her ass with her mouth full of salty balls, 
 Take a pause, let's call up my niggs, watch this ho get loose, 
 Everybody hitting from the back, ass like a moose 
 The caboose of this choo-choo- train (choo choo) 
 Kiwi is her name, why she wanna call her self a freak, 
 It must be a loop or a twist to her answer 
 When I'm urging, can my nigga hit? 
 (Girl) Aw naw I'm a virgin (never ho) 
 (Mixing) Let's run a train (girls screaming and moaning) 
 (Mixing) Let's call the boys, let's run a train (7x) 
 You a virgin, yeah right, but you liking me, 
 DJ Paul, Juicy J and my nigga Heavy C 
 Want to have it all? spoil a bitch on the D-L, baby we can ball 
 'Cause we never kiss never tell, want the case and cream? 
 You can get it and no doubt, 
 But all that cum gonna white your fucking teeth out 
 (Girls screaming loudly) 
 Get your teeth out of the way of your tongue and lips 
 Finger nail tips, nice switch and some big hips, as the train flips 
 You a nympho trying to look (girl screaming aw shit) 
 When the game spits you a freak ho, off the hook 
 Ready, aim, dick towards your mouth, then open up 
 You my main bitch if you think so freaky slut 
 Slap the buttcheeks real tight with a rubber on, 
 Dick hard and her clit hard 
 She begin to moan (girl screaming yes, yes) 
 When it's on, and it's going down, you know what's up, 
 Fifth of that crown and a ounce of that good stuff 
 (Mixing) Let's run a train (girls screaming) 
 (Mixing) Let's call the boys, let's run a train (7x) 
 Yeah Hypnotize Minds in this thing finna give u a scoop 
 On some of these off the hi-zee free-zees in the M-town and down south baby 
 (The bitchy) Candy! We ran a train on the bitch! 
 (The bitchy) Tonya! We ran a train on the bitch! 
 (The bitchy) Shay Shay! We ran a train on the bitch! 
 (The bitchy) Kiwi! We ran a train on the bitch! 
 (The bitchy) Lisa! We ran a train on the bitch! 
 (The bitchy) Tammy! We ran a train on the bitch! 
 (The bitchy) Christi! We ran a train on the bitch! 
 (The bitchy) My main bitch We ran a train on the bitch! 
 (Mixing) Let's run a train 
 (Mixing) Let's call the boys, let's run a train... (fades out)