Stop Snitch'n! 
 I done seen black folks tell, tell, tell (x4) 
 Stop Snitch'n! 
 I done seen black folks tell, tell, tell (x4) 
 Stop Snitch'n! 
 (VERSE 1 - Project Pat) 
 Police say they'll let me go, if I gave up on my dawg, don't try to observe the truth I don't brake no ghetto laws, I don't put pressure mane, on others to ease pain, or brothers put in chains, help mothers to go insane, Project Pat'll never rat, even though I'm lovin' cheese, ??? gat, some broke down to their knees, told about murders and plots, talked about cocaine and glocks, helped out on kidnappings, assisted on robbery spots, me I kept my mouth shut, ears eyes open wide, I done witnessed lunch money took down to homocides, Project ain't a baby to this game I's a grown mane, birds fly mainly on a plane even in the rain... 
 (VERSE 2 - Young Jeezy) 
 Let's get it! 
 Hold the hell on, what the fuck is goin' on, these niggas tattle tattlin like the shit ain't wrong, god damn who ever started singing like a song, nigga you's a bitch mine as well wear a thong, got caught with some yams and a scale, scale, scale, now this snitchin ass nigga wanna tell, tell, tell, I see the hate in your eyes, and it's not a surprise, you can quit actin' nigga I see through your disguise, hated on Jeezy you think I give a fuck, I'm still tryin' to hit the lotto and cop a bigger truck, sometimes I wonder how I even made it this far, I'm a liucky young nigga I ain't no fuckin' rap star... 
 (Verse 3 - porject) 
 You went to jail same charge like my nigga here, he got a 20 ball, I heard that you got a year, I never fear just stay up out you niggas ways, you boys hot, and you got these streets in a blaze, they play cool jealousy lyin' dormate, feds got a secret weapon called an informate, logic of a snitch, you ain't know but Ima let you in, why would I do 10, when I can go on and turn in my friend, not pokin fun, Project Pat is only spittin' facts, no a days gotta wacth the nigga who watchin ya back, manes these niggas heart colder then a dead body, they'll set they own momma up, you ain't no BODY! 
 (OUTRO - Lyfe Jennings) 
 Hustlers, ??? niggas werent consiprin to take you down, take you down, why? 
 Hustlers, pay attention to your environment, niggas are conspirin to take yo crown, take your crown, why?