What you looking for, what you looking for, what you need? (chorus 8x) 
 (Juicy j) 
 It's about 7:30, a nigga out there early early 
 I'm on the ? burna? phone, just got paged by a curly curly 
 Hit me on my horn three times if you want the crack 
 But fool don't be paging me no more for no credit sack 
 Sipping on a forty, what's up shorty? (girl: what's up) 
 Can I get that face? (boy please) 
 I'm out here trying to make this doped down money 
 Fuck you anyway (fuck you too) 
 Hoes want a nigga that's breaking them off 
 I ain't got time for that 
 But if you want to get real high up to the sky I'm slinging packs 
 (DJ paul) 
 I'm booing yay up out the taxi when I'm in the n.y. 
 My brother phil d. gots my back up in the chi. 
 L.l., sunny sunny, chris and don't forget dough 
 Got you faded by the pound, nigga keeping 'em though 
 Lil fin and queens mound y'all forever be thick 
 P-mall don't ball I see you moving that shit 
 T-bolo, never solo, he ride with tony d. 'times 
 Up in the polo (go 'head, go 'head) blast my enemies 
 (Lord infamous) 
 The devil's greatest trick was convincing the world he did not exist 
 Now I must wrote this strategy to the drunk of this 
 Carnal ? knowledges, we will not acknowledge it 
 Nickels sold up in the park dog, I want my fucking part of it 
 Got to make a pretty pay, scarecrow for the night and day 
 Niggas on the ledge or on the roof, we got to move this today 
 And don't get no prophet ?, when you pushing hop yo 
 Tell this china white style you back, oh, you go, oh 
 I'm going to take a walk to the boulevard, 
 Till they check on his face and pace 
 And make sure way this movie straight, kaiser soze 
 I'm walking on razor blades, and keeping them flambayed 
 'Cause what's on that plate is that peruvian high grade 
 I love crack addicts, they have this mesh to me, sunny 
 With rocks in your hand it should disappear and turn to money 
 The green ill leafs, the evil roots and the seed is greed, paint enemy 
 Like time the streets is calling me to feed 
 (Project pat) 
 Friends and money, just like oil and water 
 Cross the line and you can prepare for the slaughter 
 'Outta be shot what you looking for some credit bro' 
 I got them rocks to get you high but you twenty short 
 A newport is all I can give ya' player 
 So push on project pat ain't no perpetrater 
 A demonstrater, demonstrating dog how it goes 
 Hanging with killers with them drains coming out their nose 
 Opposing laws in this game so I can stay on top, by slanging rock 
 Oh I use my mask and my glock, 
 It's non-stop, crack sales every block in town 
 I'm trying to come up in this shit just like nino brown 
 I'm staying down, watching out, trigger finger itching 
 But collard greens like the dope cook up in the kitchen 
 You come up missing when you owe a nigga on my block 
 'Cause down here you get killed over a dime rock 
 Chorus fades out...