Yeah bow wizzle hoe 
 G3! Let's go! 
 How ya doin' 
 Let's go! 
 Ah still ballin I keep dat ice on me 
 Yeah I'm the ladies man I think yo wife want me 
 I'm floing stupid big you get dat loud pack 
 And all my girlz lik girlz nigga how fly is dat 
 I giv my roof a track you boys ain't saying nothin' 
 You got a lil charger I call dat belly stuntin 
 I'm at the hottest spots you niggas hardly there 
 I got it on lock like Bob Marley said 
 How many stacks lik yours hod dat shit ain't fair 
 And if you wanna talk money than we can take it there 
 Ah I'm kinda cocky I'm stuck in my waves 
 I quiet rockin' fittich (why) 
 'Cause they fuck up my waves 
 Ooh now dats my pretty boy swagg 
 So when I see you they call me Mr. always pop tags 
 If it ain't the black card motherfucka I got pass 
 If a nigga talk shit about me dats his ass 
 No h.o.m.o betta check my m.o. 
 Cash money records still so so def hoe 
 My girl is on the west coast and she got dat cali swagg Shittin on you bitches and my lady watch the latest fab And she got the ladies back my 5 star chick 
 So you know I gotta impress her with dat 5 star dick 
 'Cause my chick bad badder than yours 
 If you ever seen yours you would say the same words 
 And we keep gettin' movie money 
 The money keep piling 
 While these rappers buyin jewelry 
 I'm bout to buy an island 
 I don't know wat they doin' they don't do it like bow 
 Ten years in the game got my hataz like wow 
 Ah shout to columbus you know dats my town 
 Any city dat I go into I shut that bitch down 
 Yeah yeah you already know I live at every bank branch 
 Gotta keep a backpack 'cause it can't fit in my back pants Ah dis rap shit to easy 
 Ill Will I told u I can do dis while I'm sleepin' 
 Bow! Wizzle! Lets go! 
 I'ma beast 
 Yeah I'm a dog 
 It's Bow Wizzle and I'm came to set it off (set it off) 
 Yeah I'ma beast 
 Yeah I'm a dog 
 It's Bow Wizzle and I'm came to set it off (set it off) 
 I'm a beast nigga (beast nigga) 8x 
 G3! G3! G3! 
 What it is! 
 Dat all mighty G3 ah! 
 Too much money 4 y'all motherfuckas man y'all niggas can't keep up swear to god man ah man