Huh... here I go y'all 
 Ok what is in () is what is being said in tha back ground... 
 Let's get down 
 Baby: 
 Birdman! (ladies and gentlemen) mm-huh 
 Jazzy Fizzle product-shizzle my nizzle 
 Oh boy! wit lil bow wizzle (bow wizzle) 
 Ay... ay, I see you wit shorty huh 
 Take her to tha mall pimp! (ah-huh) 
 Bow: 
 Okay 
 Baby: 
 Show me how lil man roll! (ooowwee!) 
 Bow Wow 
 I know this chick named Nichole 
 They call her boochie 
 Didn't wanna shop nowhere but Gucci (but gucci) 
 And Burberry and Proda was her style (ok) 
 I'm tryin' to tell y'all that shorty could get down (uh-wow) 
 Conversations Amazing 
 In my 4, shorty's in heavy rotation (4-sho) 
 Thinkin' to myself like, this is the one 
 Broke her down, told shorty how to do this hun! (4-sho) 
 Neva gave her tha cold shoulda' 
 If she's in the benz, I let her take ova' the Rova (vrrm-Vrrm!) 
 Then it's off to the movies, tell her 
 I'm like austin, Let's get Groovy 
 From tha movies to tha crib 
 Git her (?) for ya heard that's what I did, And!(ok) 
 I'll find me another one 
 More interesting, more fun 
 Tha man has just begun 
 Bow: 
 It's really, really nice to meet cha' ma (what's hap'nin) 
 I'm really, really diggin yo style (yo style) 
 Say you wanna go chill wit a balla huh (bow weezy Baby!) 
 Let's get Down 
 Girl: 
 It's really, really nice to meet ya boy 
 Ya know I'm really feelin' yo style 
 Ya know I wanna chill with a balla so 
 Let's get down 
 Baby: 
 Ay! I see what cha doin' lil bow wow (uh-huh) 
 Ya had a date. Ya did that. Now I want you to go world wide with it 
 Eastcoast, westcoast, mid-west, and down bound 
 Bow Wow 
 I know this girl named Cindi (ok) 
 Loves to rock Fendi (wow) 
 When she leaves the mall 
 The stores is all empty 
 Eastcoast, Newyork, my up town chic (wow) 
 I see her when I cruiz the park and 106 (holla) 
 Next... Her name is Ra'nette (ghetto chic) 
 She lives on the west side I hit the L.A.X (ok) 
 I'm so impressed by the way that she dress (she got gear) 
 She walks like a model, the girl is so fresh (so fresh) 
 I got a few of them, here's what I do to them (what chu' do?) 
 Take 'um out, try to teach somethin' new to them (hah-ok) 
 It's no thang, when you heavy in the game 
 I got anotha' one who loves th mid-west swang!(st, loi-e) 
 She's from the show-men state 
 So I showed her my 'b' and my quater to eight, hey!(do yo thang) 
 I know you cought on late 
 But that's 7:45 
 Now shorty, now let's ride 
 Hop in the wip 
 Baby: 
 Ay! now I'm about to test ya' p's lil bow wow. (uh-huh) 
 See lil one ova' there. She bout 25, and she been lookin' at cha' 
 Pull ova' there in ya ride on 22's and bust her out 
 Bow Wow Verse 3: 
 I know this girl named keisha 
 She's no groupi 
 Be far from the stars 
 22's made her choose me 
 Like oowwee 
 Tellin' all her friends in the benz 
 'He don't really look 16 do he?' 
 112, youngest thing on tha scene 
 Couldn't believe when I seen 
 How she sqeezed in them jeans 
 Looks like a tight situation 
 Make a young man make flight reservations 
 Just step, no intimidations 
 I'm bow wow boo 
 Accept no imitations 
 Should have seen tha looks on they faces 
 The Ice plus light, makes for good converation 
 You tellin' me 
 It's a felony, to yell at me 
 I blew her mind she was dazed momentarily 
 But luckily 
 She stayed for some therapy 
 I stay pimpin' heavily 
 My game spittin' therolly (ha ha ha) 
 Sha-ty (shorty) ya lookin' fly boy. certified. Ya went platnium. Round tha world coast to coast 
 Ya good wit me. ya get a stunna Certification. R.R.A.A. ya good playa. lil bow weezy 
 It's yo turn shine baby (shine baby boy) do you lil daddy. (do U) Bow weezy baby!... 
 Live it up bird call baby! Sha-ty (shorty) 5ft pimpin' boy. ya good wit me lil one. let's roll 
 (Girls part in chorus)