(ROC) 
 Here we do it like 1 and 2 and 3 and to the 4. 
 R to the O to the C's at the doe. 
 Cruise make a move get clapped on up, 
 So so def that's wassup. 
 So give me the microphone first (Why) 
 Y'all know what the hell I'm bout. 
 I been down in the dirty c/l in out. 
 Throw my roof in my trunk when I'm bellin out. 
 Gettin' crunk (jersey), when I'm yellin' out. 
 Weavin overseas (and), 
 Plushed out piece. 
 Crushed out the parts, TV's and cars. 
 I rock blockendial, and block crocadile. 
 I got so much style. (Yes Yes Y'all) 
 Sittin' confy, 
 I know that every chicks wants me. 
 Deep dish, Six body wider than a humbee. 
 Slump chumps, leave 'em numbered in the junkee. 
 Chain so chunkie I'm - funkee. 
 I don't know about y'all ova there but ova here we crunk and we ready. 
 And I'm the Roc dippin, leanin, meanin'. 
 T.I.G. ah crushin up the contendah. 
 I'm lil Weezy to the yippie yo yippie, 
 Hands down I don't believe nobody can't do nothing wit me, And, 
 I don't know about y'all ova there but ova here we crunk and we ready 
 (Lilbowwow) 
 (Now here's what I want y'all to do for me) 
 Clap with this little - rap killa. 
 Little homie got all the girls not knowin' how to act. 
 I'm, so nice here, 
 Ice so clear 
 Look at it when I'm up to bat, 
 You betta get back. 
 It's, all bomb, 
 And you know where I'm from. 
 East Haven baby, ain't no playin' we up in this. 
 For the long run, y'all don't want none, #1 most wanted on your christmas list. 
 I'm bow wow to the yippie yo yippie. 
 Hands down, I don't believe nobody can't do nothimg wit me. 
 I'm too spiffy, 
 Stay new at the feet. 
 I got all the suburbon nerds and kids from the street wit me. 
 Crowd around - (and) - bare witness. 
 As I do it so real so far I just gotta be the best. 
 You don't think so, but I know so, 
 'Cause, that's the only way we know how to get down at the def oh. 
 I don't know about y'all ova there but ova here we crunk and we ready. 
 And I'm the Roc dippin, leanin, meanin'. 
 T.I.G. ah crushin up the contendah. 
 I'm lil Weezy to the yippie yo yippie, 
 Hands down I don't believe nobody can't do nothing wit me, And, 
 I don't know about y'all ova there but ova here we crunk and we ready 
 (Tigah) 
 I went from a addidas, to chuck taylors. 
 To the first one on the block wit some buck gators 
 Rock them papers. 
 Need I say more? (Yeah) 
 Well holla at me when you see me on the streets. Or, 
 It's the chocalate don, 
 And where I'm from, 
 They put diamonds on fingers and watches on arms. 
 If ya lookin' for that green, then Tasha got some. 
 So fresh so clean, y'all don't want none. 
 I'm sharp as a tack, 
 And if you happen-tah miss me dog. 
 Told ya I'll be back, 
 Maken the player haters say (ah). 
 And I'm still too close for comfort. 
 And I took one nine like Keyshawn Johnson. 
 Who the baller? 
 Me! I look forward to every quater. 
 Convertible shift kit, if she look I'm a call her. 
 Ova to the chevy dipped in greenery. 
 I'm 38 hotter, and we bustin' out the scenery. (ok) 
 I don't know about y'all ova there but ova here we crunk and we ready. 
 And I'm the Roc dippin, leanin, meanin'. 
 T.I.G. ah crushin up the contendah. 
 I'm lil Weezy to the yippie yo yippie, 
 Hands down I don't believe nobody can't do nothing wit me, And, 
 I don't know about y'all ova there but ova here we crunk and we ready.