Voice: Hey Bow! 
 What you gonna do on this one? It's your 5th album homeboy, yeah 
 You gotta let people know out, I hear dudes talkin' in tha streets sayin' you can't do this, you can't do that 
 You gotta let 'em know you on your grind 
 It's crunch time baby 
 LD Dub 
 Let's Go! 
 Game. 
 Bow Wow: 
 5th album [echoes] 
 I'm still fresh [echoes] 
 New money [echoes] 
 Big checks [echoes] 
 I'm the prince of the Hip-Hop game, that's right 
 All you other little nigga's stay in your lane 
 I see y'all doin' your thing but y'all ain't this main 
 Took me 13 years to get like this man 
 In the Bently G.T. Ridin' on Rims like Dem Franchize Boyz 
 I'm a franchize boy! 
 In every magazine 
 The girls love 'em, love 'em 
 Nigga's hate but you can't place no one above 'em 
 #1 draft pick young bow weezy 
 I make this whole rap thing look so easy 
 I make the crowd go crazy like Young Jeezy 
 50 kts. on my chain man it's kinda breezy 
 And I gets cash money like Lil' Weezy 
 Please believe man I got Ohio runnin' wit me 
 Been through alot of bull shit in the past year 
 Relationships, a couple rumors 
 Y'all know how it is 
 Big say the best mo' money mo' problems 
 The mo' money I made came mo' problems 
 After the problems came mo' drama 
 Even my own mama said don't trust nobody 
 I only trust God & I only trust me 
 I stay to my low so my real low key 
 B O W W O W you just listen to the flow 
 L B Dub G A N G I rep that till the day I d I e, yeah man! 
 The press keep on askin' me am I gon' hang the mike up at age 19? 
 Naw 
 I can't now I'm addicted to the cream (that's right) 
 Addicted to the game I'm addicted to my dream, uh 
 I'm runnin' over niggas like Jerome Bettous. 
 And if I ain't the best nigga then what am I? 
 Listen, I ain't really gotta say no mo' 
 I'm the prince homeboy act like you Know, uh. 
 My life, my life 
 I got it made, I got it made 
 I wanna welcome y'all to the Price of Fame, Price of Fame 
 And everybody know the name 
 It's bow wow but I'm also known as tha... 
 Prince of the rap game [until end]