Who's that creeping through my window? 
 Before you come outside I got the info 
 Took her to the endzone from the Enzo 
 Know I love to smoke, you love to lick more 
 Wanna hit the Jack then what you call for? 
 All that out your new shit that ain't called for 
 Who that creepin' know the tint is dark (5%) 
 All that fall in love shit she got it Kevin Hart (yeah, yeah) 
 All that speed and flash shit, we might teleport (skrr, skrr) 
 All that cop arrest shit I might might clip a sarge (twelve) 
 Keep bouncin' that ass you just might get award (yeah) 
 If she bad, she get a pass into the tour (passes yeah) 
 I've been through the family got a bad sister like Janey 
 I'm south-side don't panic 
 Got a switch, got a change no transit 
 Still jumpin' 'round move antsy 
 And I still don't like shit fancy 
 Up late feelin' real chancy 
 They're outside they really tryin' to end me (yeah) 
 Who's that creeping through my window? (my window) 
 Before you come outside I got the info (info) 
 Took her to the endzone from the Enzo (yeah) 
 Know I love to smoke, you love to lick more (yeah) 
 Wanna hit the Jack then what you call for? (yeah) 
 All that out your new shit that ain't called for (yeah) 
 Who the fuck is this? 
 That's somebody baby mama inside of the Benz 
 While I'm tryna tip 
 Shawty said she holding got a razor in her lip 
 Mix my cup and twist one up, I love that ratchet shit 
 She like "Iced out wrist, iced out, iced out wrist" (iced out wrist) 
 Fuck don't kiss, fuck she fuck don't kiss (muwah) 
 Look like friends, but she say they twins (twins) 
 Jump right in, there's leg room in this Benz (leg room in this Benz) 
 Ten miles to the crib you know that's deep (yeah) 
 I think there's someone out there watching me, yeah 
 Who's that creeping through my window? (who?) 
 Before you come outside I got the info 
 Took her to the end zone from the Enzo (yeah) 
 Know I love to smoke, you love to lick more (lick) 
 Wanna hit the Jack then what you call for? (Jack) 
 All that out your new shit that ain't called for 
 Who's that creeping through my window? (who?) 
 Before you come outside I got the info 
 Took her to the end zone from the Enzo (yeah) 
 Know I love to smoke, you love to lick more (lick) 
 Wanna hit the Jack then what you call for? (Jack) 
 All that out your new shit that ain't called for