Hey Travis Scott, h-h-hey Trav 
 You know what the fuck up, nigga 
 Know what I'm talkin' bout? 
 Nigga, one thing for sure 
 Two things for certain, nigga 
 We gon' keep drinking this motherfucking lean nigga 
 And wearin' these motherfuckin' rockstar jeans, nigga 
 They want what a nigga can't stand 
 I know what they can't stand 
 I know why they mad, nigga 
 Know what I'm talkin' 'bout 
 But we don't give a fuck 
 We gon' keep this big ass Mac 11 on deck 
 If any fuck nigga get out of line 
 If any fuck nigga want do somethin' nigga we can do it nigga 
 Know what I'm talkin' 'bout 
 Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies 
 I'mma need some more, need some more, if I really wanna feel it 
 Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah 
 Spend that money fast if I have to 
 Make that money back if I had you 
 Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (Straight up!) 
 Coordinate the xan with the lean in my Rockstar skinnies (Yeah, yeah) 
 Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (Yeah, yeah) 
 Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah 
 Highway, dip in traffic 
 2 gears, automatic 
 Leave the strip club tragic 
 2 broads going at it (It's lit!) 
 Me and Jacques going brazy 
 Me and Chase going brazy (Straight up!) 
 Smashin' off your old lady (Yeah!) 
 Everythin' all gravy (Yeah!) 
 Coordinate the tan in the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (It's lit!) 
 Pour a little more if you really wanna feel it (Straight up!) 
 Foreign little broad and I really wanna hit it 
 I'ma take her to the back and RAH RAH RAH 
 Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies 
 I'mma need some more, need some more if I really wanna feel it 
 Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah 
 Spend that money fast if I have to (Yeah!) 
 Make that money back if I had you (It's lit!) 
 Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies (Straight up!) 
 Coordinate the xan with the lean in my Rockstar skinnies (Straight up!) 
 Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies, yeah (Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah) 
 Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah 
 Ain't nobody outchea goin' hard for ya 
 Outchea goin' hard for ya 
 You've been workin' out, you're goin' hard for ya 
 You've been goin' hard for ya 
 You might fear my ideas 
 When it's time to pop pills and pop seals (It's lit!) 
 When I run a fire drill, you're right here 
 Everytime we drop out, we drop chills (Straight up!) 
 Tryna tell ya 
 Ain't nobody outchea goin' hard for ya (Yeah, yeah) 
 Outchea goin' hard for ya (Yeah, yeah) 
 You've been workin' out, you're goin' hard for ya (Yeah, yeah) 
 You've been goin' hard for ya (Yeah, yeah) 
 Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies 
 I'mma need some more, need some more if I really wanna feel it 
 Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah 
 Spend that money fast if I have to 
 Make that money back if I had you 
 Coordinate the tan with the beans in my Rockstar skinnies 
 Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah