Everyday, bro, we've gotta stay battling 
 Gotta stay fighting, gotta stay striving 
 Gotta stay dreaming, gotta stay believing 
 Gotta stay scheming 
 I broke down a few more barricades 
 Got me a few more accolades 
 Used to look forward to the weekend 
 Now every day's like Saturday 
 Surrounded by stars 
 Come chill with the constellation 
 Then she asked me what my real name was 
 And killed the conversation 
 Sometimes I've gotta scratch my head 
 Like big man ting on a level 
 Only my mum and dad call me Junior 
 What makes you so special? 
 No Rolex timepiece 
 No Hublot kettle 
 But still I know when it's time to jump in the car 
 Put the foot to the pedal like 
 Yeah, I don't care about VIP 
 I've got very important places to be 
 While I'm asleep, I'm making a beat 
 Girls in the house getting naked for me 
 What I'm tryna say is basically 
 Never get a joke man mistaken for me 
 Corn on the curb if a man diss me 
 My niggas got the biscuits in Tea 
 Santa Claus used to miss my house 
 So I decorated my own Christmas tree 
 Ring man's phone if he think's it's beef 
 What do you mean, "who is this, blud?" It's me 
 My niggas been on crime 
 Don't get it twisted 'cause I don't beef online 
 My niggas violent, my niggas loopy 
 Something you ain't seen on Vine 
 I don't want a like, I don't want a follow 
 Diss me today, link me tomorrow 
 I've got goons that can't leave the country 
 Above the law, under obbo 
 I know pain, I know sorrow 
 I know empty, I know hollow 
 I just flew my Gs out to Amsterdam 
 And I told them "thank me tomorrow" 
 Cuh man have been in the kitchen 
 Experimenting with the whipping 
 And you see, the road ting and the music ain't mixing 
 Would've thought man was playing baseball 
 Way man are outside pitching 
 Never been a punk, never been a victim 
 Wanna hate on me? Wanna hate on Storm? 
 Fuck that, let the kings in 
 I start ringing MCs 
 Go radio, I start swinging MCs 
 I was in the trenches, everyday grinding 
 You couldn't say a man weren't bringing MCs 
 I will pick up the phone, start ringing MCs 
 Bars inna my touch, bringing MCs 
 They know I've got Skeppy on my team 
 We were on road, living it, skilling MCs 
 Producers, plus we are living MCs 
 Bare vibes we have given MCs 
 I was there back in the day when it was garage 
 And them man said they wanna get rid of MCs 
 But them man couldn't get rid of MCs 
 Cause since then, we've become bigger MCs 
 Some MC debts 
 Skibadee, Baseman and Trigga MC 
 Yeah, us man are blazing powers 
 Them man are blazing Benson 
 My bredrin said it's his birthday 
 Took him onstage with Drake and Section 
 Hate my niggas cause every day, it's another great invention 
 Wanna talk about loot? Then I bring the loot out 
 Talk about shootout? Better be a shootout like a western 
 'Cause I don't fear no man 
 Think you're a killer but your name ain't Cam 
 Oi, pussyhole, don't look in my span 
 Cause you might get shot on the road like 28 gram 
 And you know who I am 
 Shower man down like Fireman Sam 
 Drive to your ends on a two-year ban 
 With Solo in the transit van 
 Nah, you can't diss my mum 
 Shots start fly out and man get bun 
 Fling on my black garments and dun 
 Dry skin between my index finger and thumb 
 I hate man like a nun 
 That's why I wanna buy a haunted gun 
 Can't get killed before I get to see my son 
 Them tings can't run 
 They got me thirsty for blood again 
 They got me talking crud again 
 They got- 
 Yo, fam 
 Yo, Chip 
 Talk to me, man 
 Where are you, though? Who are you with? 
 I'm on my Js, blud 
 Sound, man. This ting has got me, blud, I'm not gonna lie, fam. I'm not gonna front 
 Fam. Mad pressures from every angle, fam 
 Yeah? 
 It's come like I'm too ambitious to be with the mandem on the road but, I'm... like... 
 I can't be up there with them people either... you know what I'm saying? I'm too black 
 To be up there, you see what I'm saying, fam? I don't know, I feel like... I feel 
 Like I'm in limbo, Chippy. I feel like I'm in limbo, fam 
 Fam, you're going mad, fam. I've been, I've been waiting to speak to you, fam. You're 
 Going way too mad, fam. Like what the fuck did you mean like you don't know why I 
 Mentioned your name, fam? Like North London, fam. You got the call from God to do 
 Something deeper, bro. Like, go got the call to go and make everyone look at everything 
 Else that is happening over here, fam. You get me? That's a deeper calling, bro. Like 
 Them callings there, it's not everyone's phone that gets that ring ring there, you 
 See what I'm saying, fam? Like super powers fam, super charged, bro 
 I hear that, fam 
 Like just being you alone, fam, niggas getting to watch. You're doing what you're 
 Supposed to do, bro. Cuh we ain't seen nuttin' like this happen before. Who's seen 
 The country flip on its head like this, fam? These youts don't know what's going on 
 Fam. They ain't got a fucking clue, fam. Independent to the T, fam. Love, brudda 
 Man. I needed that powers. Power up fam, I don't even like hearing you sound like 
 This, blud. I needed them. The mission's deeper right now. Love, brudda. Mad. All right 
 Fam, I'm gonna shout you, man. What you saying though, everything good? 
 Blud, love you bro, man, just do what you gotta do. Man's doing what I gotta do 
 Fam. You already know, bro. Powers. Powers