When I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, 
 I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... I had a father who came from nothing 
 He took that and he made it something 
 He'd seen it all by his 21st, right 
 His mum and dad both left this earth, why 
 It was the drinking that killed his mother 
 He's watching the same thing kill his brother 
 And he doesn't say it much but he really loves us 
 And he doesn't want the same thing to kill his sons 
 When he sees me with a drink in my hand 
 I understand now why he thinks that it's bad 
 'Cause he knows that it's so evil 
 But he knows we're our own people, so he lets us go 
 When I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh... 
 I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh... 
 Now I know, now I know, now I know oh oh oh... 
 Now I know, now I know, now I know oh oh oh... 
 I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh... 
 See, I don't know if God's real 
 But if he is I can image how God feels 
 And there's things I'd discuss with him 
 I bet he wouldn't change much 
 But there's shit he would have done different 
 When my grandpa passed away 
 I remember saying bye on his last few days 
 And I'm hoping there's a heaven 
 I want to meet again 
 And I never met anybody as positive as him 
 Not many were as sick as him 
 But he didn't let the illness kill his grin 
 And that's why I went ahead and inked my skin 
 'Cause I remember the smile when I think of him 
 When I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh... 
 I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh... 
 Now I know, now I know, now I know oh oh oh... 
 Now I know, now I know, now I know oh oh oh... 
 I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh... 
 I didn't know that my brother got bullied in school 
 If I could go back now, I wouldn't be fooled 
 He probably thought mum and dad don't fucking care 
 But it wasn't even that, they were so unaware 
 Living in a family where money is favoured 
 Makes us wanna say, I fuckin' hate it 
 Brother though we gotta feel blessed as fuck 
 Just remember they only want the best for us 
 We got a mum that's an angel, I'm thankful 
 To even have her in my life, I'm grateful 
 Family is anybody that close to you 
 See this song right here, it is overdue 
 For you... 
 When I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh... 
 I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh... 
 Now I know, now I know, now I know oh oh oh... 
 Now I know, now I know, now I know oh oh oh... 
 I was just a child, I didn't know much about ya, ooh... ooh