Too bad bitches, charlie sheen, front cover, magazines 
 Pull it out ...limousines 
 Two things: charlie sheen, charlie sheen, 
 Charlie sheen, 
 Two goddesses: charlie sheen, charlie sheen, 
 Charlie sheen, 
 Two bad bitches: charlie sheen 
 First ... money game ... 
 ...Million after million, 
 Oh my god, I'm getting? in 
 That was bad damn when I was a little kid, 
 I'm twenty one now I'm like 21 mill 
 Fuck it talk about, with fuck talk it too 
 Drop town ... money at the roof 
 You got me fucked off, I think I try to change 
 Fuck that bitch I think I fuck a king 
 All the world stunning with my baby girl 
 I bought her pearls, she ... on the whole world 
 Is little dray ... let soldiers to find a sodlg 
 I've told you I found the black ... is over 
 Any nigga hate i?ma burn like ... 
 Yeah you're ready you can ... 
 Then know me by my first name and my late name 
 Mister make it fuck around 
 I ain't made every ... jump off in the game 
 Soldier boy ... 
 I'm ... fuck you nigga ... you know where it ... 
 I'm charlie sheen too... you know what the deal. 
 Too bad bitches, charlie sheen, front cover, magazines 
 Goddesses: charlie sheen, 
 Bad charlie sheen, charlie sheen, charlie sheen, 
 Bad charlie sheen, two goddesses charlie sheen, 
 Bad charlie sheen, get your acted cover 
 Or get you check off, wake up to get your money off 
 And smoke the rest of the money in the shit funny 
 Let's get the crack and I can tell you about some real shit 
 I'm talking ...i got money, I got shit to do, 
 So fuck the bullshit you ain't talking ...the honey 
 You fuck the bullshit back to the ...fuck the whole game 
 ...Up when I ... money and may it rain though so you boy ... 
 Charlie sheen I ain't pull it on the mouth 
 I am the fuck ... key, niggas they ... for the music they've some things 
 Yeah the dope is in the music you know what I mean 
 The dray I came harder I had to do it for the city 
 You niggas ain't pulling all that ... put on ...the city 
 I pull up in a black... I pull up in a maserati 
 I had to do my thing 'cause I ...game ... 
 Charlie sheen everybody know when I hit the ... 
 Bitches touch the flow, money in the ... mona lisa I'm a ... 
 I'm in the house so the killa killa ...