Shut the block down, like a CPU 
 Flyin down on 20 windows tinted we see you 
 That's what the drop do it make the hoes flock bitch 
 I threw a concert on the block and call it block (billin/buildin?) 
 Money in the ceilin, stashed in the buildin 
 Poppin' penicillin, damn I'm hurtin' niggas feelings 
 Soulja boy the truth, that's real pimpin' 
 I spit real ish, def'ly not fiction 
 Money slippin out my hand call it cash friction 
 Call me DJ Khaled, bitch listen 
 My bracelet got a headache, watch in a coma 
 That bitch froze, it ain't tickin bout 2 summers 
 Now lemme do numbers, lemme make history 
 A bet a mil I can make yo girl get wit me 
 Lyrics off the chain every time I hit a beat 
 These instrumentals dead, (get this boy a ----?) 
 Mirror mirror mirror on the wall (boy what it do?) 
 Who the biggest balla of them all (Soulja you the truth) 
 Every time I step in the mall (it's a photo shoot) 
 Girl get yo camera phone, it's funna be a photo shoot 
 It's a photo shoot (ay) (x8) 
 (Ay) girl takin' pictures 
 Whole clique tipsy, like we sippin liquor 
 Chain got disease, I can't even see 
 Hop out the chevy cameras ready and they blindin me 
 I'm invisible, plain invisible 
 And the only student make more money than the principal 
 Teachers gettin' mad (why?) 'cause I made it rain 
 Fuck a teacher plan (?) I got a hundred grand 
 I got a hundred goons, all of 'em comin' soon 
 Broad day light get yo ass in the afternoon 
 I roll wit money gang SOD goon squad 
 Yeah I'm rich but yo ass still can get robbed 
 I got no black cars but I got a black jag 
 Flyin down 285 wit no license tag 
 Run em, get em, got em, shot em, boy what it do 
 Fans rushin to the soulja for the photo shoot 
 Mirror mirror mirror on the wall (boy what it do?) 
 Who the biggest balla of them all (Soulja you the truth) 
 Every time I step in the mall (it's a photo shoot) 
 Girl get yo camera phone, it's funna be a photo shoot 
 It's a photo shoot (ay) (x8) 
 I'm a super stunna, stuck up 'cause it's really rude 
 (?) Jeans, collared shirt wit the polo dude 
 Trunk beatin' hard every time my car start 
 Cheesy diamonds in my chain stanky like a fart (stanky!) 
 Photo shoot everywhere soulja boy go 
 Green light flashin light soulja boy go 
 Chain got the flu, watch got a cold 
 Earrings got pneumonia (achoo!) got my body froze (I'm sick!) 
 I got a runny nose, temperature below zero 
 So icey icey jewelry what can these niggas do to me? 
 Nothin', zip, nathin' not a damn thang 
 This is a photo shoot, watch my -- chain blang 
 Watch me do my damn thang shout out to my lamborghini 
 Shout out shout out go to all my niggas in the hood mane 
 And why I know they good mane I'm tellin' you the block burnt 
 Escalade on 26, candy painted burnt orange 
 Mirror mirror mirror on the wall (boy what it do?) 
 Who the biggest balla of them all (Soulja you the truth) 
 Every time I step in the mall (it's a photo shoot) 
 Girl get yo camera phone, it's funna be a photo shoot 
 It's a photo shoot (ay) (x8)