Soulja boy tell em. 
 Runnin' with it. gotta get a black mask, 
 Can't see me, souljaboytellem. 
 I'm on the beat. I'm undefeat. tid, 
 Did yo city release, yet, nope, don't think so. 
 Still reppin west side till I go. cicero roll all way back to da fo. when you use to post up at the green sto. with my niggaz up on da block, waitin for da marta, ain't have a car yet, lookin' for da charger, bout to jump a rail. 
 Me and my niggaz, we crunk as hell. 
 Shot out to my nigga antonio. ima holla at you folk, 
 24/7 we blowin' that smoke. got them goonz holdin' dat scope. on patrol. h2 hummer, with the 8's sitten tall, 
 Me and my niggaz we gotta ball, 
 Made it rain in da mall. in da mall in new york, 
 Get it man, 
 Get it man, money bout da business man, leavin' no wit it man, 50 in a many man, 
 Get it man, 
 Get it man, 
 No I gotta get it man, 
 Soulja boy started, soulja boy, finished it. 
 Kinfolk playin' on nintendo, blowin' on da indoe, indoe, 
 Purp out the window, kush in da findo 
 Make a nigga get low, 
 Souljaboytellem, yeah get low folk. 
 S.o.d till da day I go, 
 Reppin, 6-6-duece-g-d-74. 
 And you already know ima boss fa da show. 
 I was born, back in 19-nine oh. 
 24/7 it's ya boy s-beezy. 
 Killen this shit, make it look so easy, 
 My risk look freezy, my jewls look cheezy, 
 Told yo bitch to beat it, beat it. 
 Get back, nigga betta get dat, 
 Rip dat, tell yo bitch, let me hit dat. 
 Gotta whole gawp on the 10 trap, flip that turn that gram into a whole half, once again, 
 Sod is shinin out, holdin' down my side of town. 
 And every body ridin' round, 
 Screamin soulja boy is puttin' it down. 
 And I ain't talkin' 'bout the mifo, talkin' 'bout the fight, yo ice-chain look like a light show, 
 Making big money like micheal, click gone physco, and ya raps recycle, bitch. 
 Swag make the girl's go-----pow. 
 Swag make the girl's go-----pow. pow. pow. 
 Ice make the girl's go----pow. 
 Ice make the girl's go----pow. pow pow. 
 Tat's make the girl's go-----pow. 
 Tat's make the girl's go-----pow. pow. pow. 
 Money make the world go-----pow. 
 Money make the world go-----pow. pow. pow. 
 You know man? 
 It's souljaboytellem brah. 
 You know what I'm saying? 
 Everyday man, I thank god for my life man. 
 Its crazy out here man you feel me? 
 6-niggaz then ran in my crib. 
 Ak's, and pistols and shit. 
 For what? all over a motha fuckin' chain. 
 Niggaz trying to kill me. 
 Kid-nap my nigga. 
 But it's all good though. 
 I thought I'll never have to shoot a muthafucka. 
 Good thang I was strapped though. 
 You know what they say? 
 Shit, better them then me. 
 Nigga all of us would have been dead that night. 
 But you know what it is man! 
 S.o.d. money gang! 
 Y'all got me fucked up! 
 Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow