Let's get it on! 
 We don't give a what what! 
 We don't give a what what! (shiet) 
 Get it on the floor 
 Get it get it on the floor (what?!) 
 Get it on the floor 
 Get it get it on the floor (what?!) 
 You don't want to party then your ass gotta go (what?!) 
 You don't want to party then your ass gotta go (c'mon!) 
 Now you can ride to this motherfucker (uh) 
 Bounce to this motherfucker (uh) 
 Freak to this motherfucker (let's get it on) 
 Get it on the floor (what?!) 
 Get it get it on the floor (what?!) 
 Get it on the floor (what?!) 
 Get it get it on the floor (that's right) 
 Once again it's the darker nigga 
 Hit or spark a nigga, break apart a nigga 
 But the dog is bigger, under stress 
 So unless you're wanting to bless to the chest 
 These slugs from his liver rest rest! 
 Or the pump'll put a hurt on a nigga 
 Dumb sex, motherfucker feeding dirt on a nigga 
 My hands stay dirty, 'cause I play dirty the mob way 
 You don't know? fuck it find out the hard 
 A nigga's job is never done 
 I handle my business how it come 
 And there's never been a one on one 
 Nor has there been a problem, I dissolve them 
 I'm like salt, lock it up 
 Hate to fall but never wreck his car 
 And it's my fault, keep nigga on point ducking down 
 Nigga like you need to get bust you fucking clown 
 I extort to support my peeps 
 And hold down the fort, never get caught 'cause I creeps nigga! 
 I'm at the crossroads, look but I'm not really sure which way to go 
 Should I play that low for what I did the other day 
 They on their way to float, got me striking this random 
 I can't stand em, fake ass niggas want to be the Phantom 
 Looking over my shoulder, 'cause it's colder than it was 
 And start shorty, because I'm a little older than 'cause 
 And the buzz from the saw, wit the chain to your brain 
 Will turn that big nigga to a fucking stain 
 That pain from the dirt makes the hurt go away for a minute 
 But I'm goin' die by it 'cause I'm like knee deep in it 
 And you motherfuckers wonder why I start shit 
 'Cause when you look in my face you see that hard shit 
 'Cause I done been to hell and back I ain't wit selling crack 
 I'd rather rob a nigga leave him wit a shell up in his back 
 On the real just to show proof, hit the G.W.B. 
 And blow the whole roof off the toll booth bitch ass nigga! 
 When I crawl, leave a nigga sprawled out after I spoke em 
 I'll slit his throat, dick in the mud and let his blood choke em 
 Up north niggas get the pick stuck up in em 
 And in the streets bitches get the dick stuck up in em 
 My M.O. is man-slaughter kid 
 Cause on the reals I done wet up more motherfuckers than water did 
 Slid, 'cause I got to slide when the dirt is done 
 A homicide but they want me on the Murder 1 
 But as long as I got my gun, I'm aight 
 Stay outta sight while it's light, and then come out at night 
 To make moves again, stomp and bruise again 
 I know I'm going to hell 'cause I choose to sin 
 All my motherfucking life I been the Devil's advocate 
 Now niggas never even knew the devil had a kid 
 But he does and when you hear the buzz of the chainsaw 
 You'll know what I'll split your motherfucking brains for 
 Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing 
 Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing 
 You want to start something, it's goin' be somethin' 
 You want to start something, it's goin' be somethin' 
 Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing 
 Don't start nothing, it won't be nothing 
 You want to start something, it's goin' be somethin' 
 You want to start something, it's goin' be somethin' 
 Yo yo see'mon!