Voulez vous coucher aves moi bitches! (Showtime!) 
 Re! remix! (You know what time it is right?) 
 Re! re-remix! (It's showtime!) 
 Re! remix! (You know what time it is right?) 
 Remix! (Grab your steerin' wheel) 
 (Chillin' in my Beemer) 
 Sittin' in my Phantom 
 (Listenin' to Ether) 
 Listenin' to the anthem 
 Weezy the badman, one man band man 
 Ya gyal with me cell phone she don't answer 
 He's so sweet make her wanna lick the rapper (This is the remix!) 
 So I let her lick the rapper 
 She take care of me all my homeboys after 
 Jump off! Jump off! The girl is a jump off! 
 I let her snort a mountain and she just jumped off 
 Jump off! Jump off! You know she a jump off 
 Pull my dick out and watch her jump on jump off 
 You make it so hard when it's all so basic 
 Chevy grill lookin' like a set of new braces 
 Southside baby, we outside baby 
 Smokin' on the spinach like Popeye baby 
 J'adore ah les femmes, yeah I love my riches 
 Bonjour money, and au revoir bitches 
 Ill and petite, we do it the biggest 
 And knew they rats mean we ain't snithces 
 Now can you tell me how good my French is 
 Voulez vous coucher aves moi bitches! 
 Ah! 
 (OK, now time to bring the big boy out, Kells!) 
 Hi hi nice to meet ya, it's Kells the freaker 
 Mr. Bump 'n' grind Mr. song of the weeker 
 R and B singer, Mr. defeater 
 Sixteen years and still comin' through your speaker 
 Mr. Pied Piper bitch I'm on fire 
 Don't trust me I'm a Billboard shyster 
 I got Dream girls, what you 'gon do 
 Got them chicks singin' "And I am tellin' you!" 
 Up in the club, flossin' like a Don 
 Album 'bout to drop so you bitches better run 
 Makin' them moan while havin' sex to the song 
 After sex, I beat my chest like I'm King Kong 
 Ice so cleared out everybody move 
 Haters on D, I'm 'bout to take these fools 
 Every time I shoot a shot it's like Swizz! 
 Every time I shoot a shot it's like Swizz! 
 Every time I shoot a shot it's like Swizz! 
 I'm in the buildin' and I'm lookin' for a bitch! 
 Walk out the studio man it's a hit! 
 Back in the studio and do the remix! 
 I'm in the Mark five with a bad chick! 
 Hop out five paparazzi goin' flick! 
 Come on! 
 Hold up, wait a minute! (I'm back off vacation!) 
 Hold up, wait a minute! (You know what I was doin'!) 
 Chillin' in the Beeza, wit' my mama mia 
 She smokin' on Cohiba, on my sun seater 
 For those of you who don't know that's just a yacht with a deck 
 You talk about your cars, what you got up on ya neck 
 I showed you my portfolio, straight disrespect 
 The rims in, the spot they ask "you couldn't write a check?" no! 
 You better think about it, yeah you better think about it 
 You betta hit the damn bar and get a drink up out it 
 I'm straight loco, don't care 'bout no po-po 
 Only big weight, what you think I roll wit Joe for 
 Wanna talk crazy, go and meet my fo fo 
 Ra! ra! ra! ra! There go that popo 
 J-jam in that Enzo! J-jam in that Spider 
 J-jam in that G-4, bet you can't catch me though 
 Double Z's on that whip, put the grease on her lips 
 Took her to the mine come and threw the "D" on that bitch 
 Freeze 
 You know who it is, 
 It's me bitches! 
 Taking over, the waiting's over 
 We bringing it back like baking soda 
 I don't stop squeezing till ya face is over 
 I'll be on vacation till the case is over 
 Bottles everywhere, club full of women 
 Gucci sneaks, a good cuff on a denim 
 A few birds two look out the three pitches 
 You cock suckers know who it is, it's me bitches!