Chorus: -Chris Martin- (Swizz Beatz) 
 Trying hard to speak and (Yeah) 
 Fighting with my weak hand (Yeah, Yeah) 
 Driven to distraction (Good Morning America) 
 It's all part of the plan (It's Real, Crazy) 
 When something is broken (What Chu Want Me To Do) (What Chu Want Me To Do) 
 And you try to fix it (A, What Chu Want Me To Do) (A, What Chu Want Me To Do) 
 Trying to repair it (I Mean, I Mean, I'ma Let Cha Know) 
 Any way you can (You Know What Time It Was?) 
 Verse 1: -Swizz Beatz- 
 The time was the late 80's 
 Every block had a stray dog with rabies 
 Fiends through away their crack babies 
 Argued' with my brother, to see who picked the mouse up 
 'Memba I opened up the oven door to heat the house up 
 Everyday, polices swarm 
 Coming home from school, with brains on your uniform 
 I wish I could fly away on a unicorn 
 I'm from the ghetto and everyday a human's born 
 So who cares if I'm stretched out, on the scene 
 Surrounded by homicide's forensic team 
 Yellow tape, haters glad that I'm dead 
 Pedestrians walking by and they just shaking dey head and sayin'... 
 Chorus: -Chris Martin- (Swizz Beatz) 
 Trying hard to speak and (Breathe, Breathe) 
 Fighting with my weak hand 
 Driven to distraction (It's Crazy, I Mean Life Is What Chu Make It Mann) 
 It's all part of the plan 
 When something is broken (What Chu Want Me To Do?) 
 And you try to fix it (What Chu Want Me To Do?) 
 Trying to repair it (It's Easy To Make It, How Ya Gonna Maintain It?) 
 Any way you can (I Had To Tell Em) 
 Verse 2: -Swizz Beatz- 
 What's Hot, What's Not, What should, What shouldn't be? 
 Come on y'all, who's to say what couldn't be? 
 Look at me, I'm the nicest, not the icy-est 
 Sometimes I wake up and ask god "who's life is this?" 
 I look at these eyes, I'm only in this body 
 If you only could understand the visions that I carry 
 My ethics would be like, Puff Daddy When he intern, 
 Men play with fire, Men get burned 
 To talk about this, the only thing I've earned 
 Is I can rap, or talk about killing you like this or 
 Puttin' a hole in ya head the size of that, 
 But that'll be cheating myself & I can't do that mann 
 Chorus: -Chris Martin- (Swizz Beatz) 
 Trying hard to speak and (I Mean) 
 Fighting with my weak hand (We All Live In This World Together, Right) 
 Driven to distraction (So If You Breathing Like I'm Breathing...) 
 It's all part of the plan (Wassup?) 
 When something is broken (What Chu Want Me To Do?) 
 And you try to fix it (Huh?) (What Chu Want Me To Do?) 
 Trying to repair it (You Better Get Out, Get Up and Get Something) 
 Any way you can (I'm Stressed Out Mann) 
 Verse 3: -Swizz Beatz- 
 Mann, It all ends up on the back street 
 In a abandoned building where the crack heads meet 
 All you hear is (*Coughs, Inhaling*) 
 And Lighters flicking 
 They be smoking, Baby's dead, Rat poison in the kitchen 
 They so high walking by thinking she's sleep 
 Don't even put her in the crib, just cover her with a sheet 
 This is me, in that building, 17 with the bundles and the gun up on me 
 And ill shoot any nigga that run up on me 
 And for two years, my moms been looking for me, crying 
 Runnin' up on other kids, thinking it's me 
 By now, I ain't got no heart 
 Nigga, I'm a gang member, throwin' it up & I'm ready to stomp 
 Chorus: -Chris Martin- (Swizz Beatz) 
 Trying hard to speak and (Huh, Yeah, Yeah) 
 Fighting with my weak hand (Watch Out, Watch Out) 
 Driven to distraction (Y'all All Know That We Come From The Back, Mann) 
 It's all part of the plan (When You Go After The Top, Then It's All On You Dog) 
 When something is broken (Ah Man, You Hit) 
 And you try to fix it 
 Trying to repair it (Can You Help Me?, Can You Help Me?) 
 Any way you can (Damn)