Baby, it's nobody like you 
 You're a good friend, you know 
 You been there for me from the beginning 
 This is why I love you 
 I mean I place no one above you, 
 You know what I'm saying, 
 Anything you want you just come to daddy. 
 Listen 
 When I discovered you, I discovered a piece within, 
 Joy like no other, you are my closet friend 
 If you were a number you'd be a perfect 10 
 Right out of the blue skies you were heaven sent 
 The way we made love over and over again, 
 If I had to describe it wouldn't know where to begin. 
 I am so proud to be your next of kin 
 You prayed over me when I had no reason to live 
 Candy carmel coated, taf-fies, chocolate covered strawberries, love so sweet you're my chocolate factory, gum drops 
 Mixed with chocolate, milk bars, there's so much variety love so sweet, you're my chocolate factory. 
 Wait a minute baby! 
 Now if I could write a book on how you make me feel. 
 The title would read a strong black man and that's for real 
 I've been going round and round just like a ferris wheel. 
 Been in and out of relationships but you're that deal 
 But ain't nobody else on god's great earth for me 
 Heaven stirred us up together and made the perfect chemistry, wouldn't change you for the world as long as I exist, you're always in the kitchen cooking up my favorite dish yeah 
 Candy carmel coated, taf-fies, chocolate covered strawberries, love so sweet you're my chocolate factory, gum drops 
 Mixed with chocolate, milk bars, there's so much variety love so sweet, you're my chocolate factory. 
 You're that puzzle piece that completes me, girl you set my soul free, girl 
 You're everything, girl you're everything that I could need, you're my escape when I wanna be free, when I wanna, 
 Be free, you're full of dainty treats, like peppermint, sweet tarts, big blues, red hots 
 Baby you are! Woo-ooh! 
 Candy carmel coated, taf-fies, chocolate covered strawberries, love so sweet you're my chocolate factory, gum drops mixed with chocolate, milk bars, there's so much variety you're so sweet, you're my chocolate factory. 
 Listen, I went over the rainbow, found my pot of gold 
 Hear me baby, yeah, sweetheart, said I'm just like a kid in a candy store. 
 Sweet - baby Ooh Hey You are my - Said You are my - chocolate factory Yeah. 
 Baby please believe me. Said you are my, you are my chocolate factory. Love so sweet, all those little dainty treats yeah yeah yeah yeah