Now I can't leave this club without you, girl 
 Swear I want more, you deserve an encore 
 Backstage VIP is jumpin' 
 Now it's rainin', won't you come in? 
 Tell me are you wit' it? 
 What you want girl, you can get it 
 These clubbers won't treat you like I treat you 
 Big chips, black cards, you'll be my costar 
 Somebody say you're lookin' for me, girl, here I go 
 Oh look, oh my God, who do we have 
 Up in the club dancin' for me? 
 Girl, let me help you chase your dreams 
 You're so beautiful 
 How can I make you understand? 
 Ooh, that I wanna rub, I wanna touch 
 Every little inch of your body 
 Girl, you need to go with me 
 You're incredible, ooh, oh girl, ooh yes, you are 
 Baby, see the exit, exit, see the exit 
 Let's go out this club, exit 
 Exit, exit, see the exit 
 Let's go out this club, exit 
 Now baby girl if that's yo man 
 Forget about it, gon' and dance 
 And I really didn't mean no harm 
 It's just the players charm in me, girl 
 And I do it 'round the world, clubs and every bar 
 Like a professor baby, Kells gives sex seminars 
 When you walk by so slow, make me whistle 
 You got pretty teeth 
 And I feel so good when you smile at me, yeah 
 I'm about to buy you everythin' 
 Baby girl, just please come with me 
 I got a big house in the mountains, let's go 
 And I even got a stripper pole 
 Excuse me miss, somebody said 
 You lookin' for me, girl, here I go 
 Oh look, oh my God, who do we have 
 Up in the club dancin' for me? 
 Why you upstagin' these chicks? 
 Girl, you got the game sowed up 
 How can I make you understand? 
 Ooh, that I wanna rub, I wanna touch 
 Every little inch of your body 
 Girl, you need to go with me 
 It's the last call for alcohol, girl, yes it is 
 Girl, can you see the exit? Exit, see the exit 
 Let's go out this club, exit 
 Exit, exit, see the exit 
 Let's go out this club, exit 
 When you see me 
 Two of us, your block, back of Maybach 
 Black shades on down low in your hood 
 Smokin' on that good 
 Girl, take a picture, autographs 
 Crack some jokes, make me laugh 
 Take some shots, baby, now come to my hotel 
 Girl, I love the way you're teasin' me 
 You and your girlfriend on the dance floor 
 I'm thinkin' menage tois 
 So why don't you jump up off in my car? 
 Girl, it's so pretty, leather interior, custom made for me 
 Let the top of that go back 
 Then we'll pull off from the club real slow 
 So fans can take a pic 
 Girl, I get a kick out of splurgin' on you 
 Nordstrom-Prada, Gucci, Fendi, Vicki's Secrets too 
 Baby, sky's the limit where we go from here 
 Once we're in that Benz 
 Girl, take me serious when I say 
 I wanna walk outta here with you 
 Can you see the exit? Exit, see the exit 
 Let's go out this club, exit 
 Exit, exit, see the exit 
 Let's go out this club, exit