(Jay-Z) 
 After the show it's the after party then 
 After the party it's the hotel lobby and 
 After the Belve' then it's probably Cris' 
 And after the original it's probably this (Fiesta) 
 Yes ma, Bed-Stuy, Fiesta 
 Remix with the homie from the Midwest side 
 Game recognize game, hoes do too 
 It's the new 2 Live Crew, I suppose you knew 
 So thugs, pop yo' toasters, but don't approach us or 
 Bullets'll chase you like Moet mimosas 
 Catch us both coasts, racin twin Porsches 
 Boxes with glocks that'll pop ya to make ya ghost-es 
 Whoever come closest - you've been warned 
 But niggaz don't get the picture till the weapons is drawn 
 Make your way backstage, baby girl it's on 
 And we'll be drinkin' till six in the mornin 
 (R. Kelly) 
 In the back of the club with ma-ma 
 Poppin' bottles of Cris with ma-ma 
 Put the bar on the tab for ma-ma 
 Throwin' hundreds up for grabs for ma-ma 
 'Cause it's about to go down tonight 
 I'ma be drinkin' till the early liz-ight (that's right) 
 Nigga high like a muh'fuckin' ki-zite 
 Take three honies just to make me feel ri-zight 
 My, my, my, my 
 It's what they all say when they see the frozen ice 
 They say - my, my, my, my 
 Anytime they see them big things only 'cause I 
 (Breakdown: R. Kelly) 
 While y'all gotta club, they done fuckin' wit arenas 
 Gotcha man sayin' "Kelly have you seen her?" 
 Yeah she wit me on the low 
 Gettin' high off the 'dro, got her knees on the flo' 
 (R. Kelly) 
 Fiesta - Fiesta, Fiesta 
 Fiesta, Fiesta 
 Fiesta, Fiesta 
 Fiesta, Fiesta 
 Fiesta, Fiesta 
 Fiesta, Fiesta 
 Fiesta, Fiesta 
 Fiesta, Fiesta 
 (R. Kelly) 
 Switchin lanes in my Six, in the 'burbs 
 I met a girl named Tasha, in the 'burbs 
 Took the hood then I moved it, to the 'burbs 
 Now no more sheriffs or polices, in the 'burbs (that's right) 
 And we about to tear this club up 
 Don't worry 'bout expenses 'cause I got that sho' nuff 
 Ready to BOO knock 'em fresh outta jizzail 
 I need some WOO From all the honey's on the DL 
 I said - my, my, my, my (yeah) 
 It's what them thugs yellin' when the strippers on fizzles 
 They say - my, my, my, my (yeah) 
 Got Kisha yellin' from that up and down sizzle 
 (Breakdown) 
 (R. Kelly) 
 Fiesta! 
 (Gotti) 
 I put the big body up, come through in a Rover 
 Not only Kelly and Gotti, it's Boo and Hova 
 Pop Cris if you like, my ice glist' in the light 
 I'm wit Roc-Land right, so I'm rich for life 
 I'm like Heaven, everybody wanna get to me 
 How you make it to the gates and forget the key? 
 I'm the one God chose so you blessed through me 
 Gotti Floyd getchu higher than that ecstacy 
 (Boo) 
 Aiiyo I come through stunnin, plus I'm gettin' blunted 
 In the new six-hundred with the big rims on it 
 We rock rocks that'll light ya shoulders 
 Gotta lotta hot cars but the drops is colder (ah) 
 You see V-I-P; me, Kelly, Gotti, and Hov' 
 Drinkin' Cris' like its H-2-O 
 All we do is spend cheese 'cause we love the dough 
 Mami roll more trees before it's time to go 
 C'mon... 
 (R. Kelly) 
 If you got cash money then you feel this shit 
 And if you rollin' on them things then you feel this shit 
 If you drunk off in the club then you feel this shit 
 If you'se a motherfuckin thug then you feel this shit 
 If you smokin' on some 'dro then you feel this shit 
 And if you off that ecstacy you gots to feel this shit 
 If you sippin on some Cris' you gots to feel this shit 
 And if you throwin' up and shit, you gots to feel this shit 
 Fiesta... 
 Fiesta, Fiesta {*repeated until fade*}