Uh, yeah, come inside 
 Now turn the lights down 
 Don't be scared, touch me 
 I know what you want and all 
 Tonight is your night 
 For the rest of your life 
 So just lay back and relax and listen 
 There's somethin' in your eyes, baby 
 It's tellin' me you want me, baby 
 Tonight is your night 
 See, you don't have to ask for nothin' 
 I'll give you everything you need 
 So girl, don't be shy, oh... just 
 (Baby, come inside) Oh, turn down the lights 
 'Cause there is something that I want from you right now, ooh 
 (Give me that honey love) Give me that honey love 
 (Give me that honey love) I gotta have your lovin', baby, oh... 
 (Give me that honey love) Oh... give me that sweet, sweet love 
 (Give me that honey love) Oh... yeah 
 Let's go to the mall, baby 
 I'll pick you up around the way 
 Don't you worry 'bout a thing, ooh... ooh... 
 'Cause I've got all the answers, girl 
 To the questions in your head 
 And I'm gonna be right there for you, baby, hey 
 (Baby, come inside) Girl, why don't you turn down the lights 
 'Cause there is something that I want from you right now, hey 
 (Give me that honey love) Give it to me 
 (Give me that honey love) See, I gotta have your honey love, baby, slow 
 (Give me that honey love) Give me that sweet, sweet love, hey 
 (Give me that honey love) Ooh, so 
 (Baby, come inside) Woo, turn down the lights 
 'Cause there is something that I want from you right now 
 (Give me that honey love) Whoa... oh... whoa... oh... oh... whoa... 
 (Give me that honey love) Give me that honey love right now, baby 
 (Give me that honey love) 
 Just like a lollipop 
 You're so sweet, yeah 
 And your body's like a lemon drop 
 Sure taste good to me 
 So let's lay down 
 And get close till we become one 
 And I promise you, baby 
 Ooh, we're gonna have fun, all right 
 (Give me that honey love) Give me that honey love right 
 (Give me that honey love) I want it right now, hey 
 (Give me that honey love) I... I... I 
 (Give me that honey love) Right now give me that honey love, listen 
 (Give me that honey love) There ain't nothin' I won't do for you, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo 
 (Give me that honey love) I'm here to satisfy you, baby 
 And it's good to know that you are my lady, oh 
 (Give me that honey love) Oh, I gotta have your honey love 
 (Give me that honey love) Right now, right now, right now, right now, right now 
 (Give me that honey love) Whoa... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh... oh...