Yeah I know, y'know, what a calling is 
 I mean we all have a calling in our life, I believe 
 You know I'm from the dirt man 
 I come up in these streets, went without eatin', you know what I'm sayin'? 
 Saw my Mom go without eatin' 
 I got tired of that I had to go out there 
 In them streets and hustle, you know? 
 I mean you know what I'm sayin'? 
 I mean it's easy for y'all to say, y'know (I surrender) 
 Surrender your life, you know what I'm sayin'? (I surrender) 
 Give your life to God and all that 
 Y'know, that's good and I believe in God (I surrender to you Lord) 
 But when you got bills at your front door all the time 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Kids screamin' "Daddy, Momma, where the food at?" (I surrender) 
 Man it makes it kinda hard to believe in (I surrender) 
 Y'know, and have faith in something that you can't see (I surrender to your Lord) 
 Even though you wanna believe 
 Y'all just gonna have to just pray for me 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 'Cause uh... 
 Constantly my mind and my heart is racing (yeah) 
 All by myself trying to solve all these problems I'm facing (oh yeah) 
 Looking to man trying to find hope (uh-huh) 
 But man will never know the depth of my struggles (oh) 
 I was depending on myself (on myself) 
 To give myself a hand (wow but) 
 But when depending on myself (I...) 
 Fell time again (that's why) 
 And that's why I'm standing here alone (all alone) 
 With no one else 
 Lord I realised that I can't fight these battles by myself 
 I surrender 
 I surrender (oh I) 
 I surrender to you Lord 
 I surrender 
 I surrender (oh I) 
 I surrender to you Lord 
 I surrender (I surrender) 
 I surrender (Lord to you) 
 I surrender to you Lord 
 Coming out with both hands up 
 I surrender (uh) 
 Listen... 
 I tried everything I could to make it work (mmm-hmm) 
 But everything I seemed to try just made it worse (oh) 
 And every road that I'd go down there were no signs (signs) 
 Destination lonely with no peace of mind (yeah, oh) 
 I was depending on myself (on myself) 
 To give myself a hand (but when) 
 But when depending on myself (I would fell time and time again) 
 Fell time again (that's why) 
 And that's why I'm standing here alone (standing all alone) 
 With no one else 
 Lord I realised that I can't fight these battles by myself 
 I surrender 
 I surrender 
 I surrender (oh I surrender) 
 I surrender to you Lord (said I surrender) 
 I surrender (oh I) 
 I surrender (surrender) 
 I surrender to you Lord (I done tried everything and now I) 
 I surrender (surrender yeah) 
 I surrender (to you Lord) 
 I surrender to you Lord 
 Coming out with both hands up 
 I surrender (oh) 
 Won't you guard the place around it 
 (There's no where for me to go) 
 Joy I have tried to find (whoo) 
 (See I've searched high and I've searched low) 
 Said you walked throughout the building 
 So come and rescue me from this hell 
 'Cause I can't do it by myself (I can't do it... by myself) 
 I surrender (hey I surrender) 
 I surrender (oh) (I surrender) 
 I surrender to you Lord (I surrender) (I surrender... to you Lord) (yes I do) 
 I surrender (I surrender) (I surrender) (to you) 
 I surrender (yeah) 
 I surrender to you Lord ('cause I'm sick and tired of going through) 
 I surrender (I need your help) (need your help) 
 I surrender (to find my may) (to find my way) 
 I surrender to you Lord (I'm here and willing) (here and willing) (to make a change) (make a change, yeah) 
 I surrender (I surrender all my darkness) (hey) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (now you give me your light) (yes sir) (I surrender) 
 I surrender to you Lord (I surrender all my wrongs) (yes I do) (and Lord you make it right) (make it right) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (I surrender my situation) (I surrender) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (and Lord fix it for me) (fix it for me) (I surrender) 
 I surrender to you Lord (no more hesitation) (hey) (here I am on my knees) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (I surrender) (I surrender) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (I surrender) (I surrender) (I surrender) 
 I surrender to you Lord (I surrender) (I surrender) (whoo, hey) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (I surrender my self, my house, my kids, my wife) (yeah) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (my dog, my car, my love, my life) (yes sir) (I surrender) 
 I surrender to you Lord (Lord I surrender my soul) (oh-ho) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (you have got complete control) (haha) (I surrender) 
 I surrender (of the situation) (I surrender) 
 I surrender to you Lord...