There is strength deep inside me that I never knew I had 
 There's a fire within burnin' bright 
 There is a love inside of me that I never thought I'd feel 
 Until the day you came into my life, yeah 
 And it was you that were there when no one else was 
 And you show me a love unknown, ooh 
 You kept the fire burnin' 
 You kept hope alive 
 And when my soul was fallin' 
 You helped me to survive 
 And you led the way 
 Encouraged me to take that leap of faith 
 There's a dream that I dream, I never knew it would come true 
 There's a place I never thought that I would be (Ooh) 
 There is a chance (There's a chance) that I took 
 (That I took) that I never thought I'd take 
 Until you came and helped me to believe, oh... oh... 
 You were there when no one else was 
 And you showed me a love unknown 
 You kept the fire burnin' 
 And you kept hope alive 
 And when my soul was fallin' 
 You helped me to survive 
 And you led the way 
 Encouraged me to take that leap of faith (Of faith, of faith, of faith, of faith, ooh) 
 Leap of faith 
 Oh, yeah 
 Oh... oh... oh... oh... 
 You showed me just how 
 {How to believe in me} In me, oh... 
 You moved that tree and tore that forest there for me 
 You kept the fire burnin' (You kept it burnin') 
 You kept hope alive (You kept hope alive) 
 And when my soul was fallin' (My soul was fallin') 
 You helped me to survive (Yeah, you helped me to survive) 
 You led the way 
 Encouraged me to take that leap of faith, yeah 
 You kept the fire burnin' (Woo) 
 You kept hope alive (You kept the hope alive, yeah) 
 And when my soul was fallin' (My soul was fallin') 
 You helped me to survive (But you helped me to 
 Survive) 
 You led the way 
 Encouraging me to take 
 The fire {Everybody}, hope {All my life} 
 My soul {Someone's callin'} with you {I'll survive} 
 You led {Go away}, encouraged me {To take} 
 That leap of faith and make it over 
 Now I owe my thanks to you, ho... oh... 
 You kept the fire burnin' (Woo, hey) 
 You kept hope alive (You kept hope alive) 
 When my soul was fallin' (When my soul was fallin') 
 You helped me to survive (Ooh... you helped me to survive) 
 Oh... yes, you did 
 Pushing me to take that leap of faith 
 You kept the fire burnin' 
 You kept hope alive 
 And when my soul was fallin' 
 You helped me to survive 
 Oh... oh... oh... oh...