Do I know your friend who?at a club? 
 Who was there? girl I wouldn't 
 Wait a minute, calm down 
 I was at the club with who? 
 Get tha fuck... man, u know what 
 Girl I'm not about to sit up here and argue with you about who's to blame 
 I call no names, real talk 
 See girl, only thing I'm trying to establish with you is not 
 Who's right or who's wrong, but what's right and what's wrong, 
 Real talk 
 Just because your friend say she saw me at a club with some other bitches 
 Sitting in VIP smoking and drinking and kicking it, tell me girl 
 Did she say there were other guys there? 
 Did she say there were other guys there? 
 Were there other guys there? 
 Well, tell me this 
 How the fuck she knew I was with them other girls then 
 When the whole club packed wait a minute let me finish what I've got to say 
 I've been with you five years and you listening to your motherfucking girlfriends 
 I don't know why you fuck with them all jealous no man havin' ass hoes anyway 
 Real talk 
 Alway accusing me of some old bullshit when I'm just trying to have a good time 
 Robert you did this, Kells I heard you did that 
 Don't you think I got enough bullshit on my mind 
 Real talk, hold hold up 
 Didn't I just give you money to go get yours hair, toes and nails done the other day, hmm 
 Yeah your ass was smiling then 
 Real talk, oh 
 Gave who some damn money? 
 I ain't gave nobody no damn money girl? 
 Is you twikning? 
 You see what your problem is, 
 You're always running of at the mouth telling your girls your motherfucking business, when 
 They don't eat with us, they don't sleep with us, besides 
 What they eat don't make us shit 
 Real talk 
 You call my mommas house and what? 
 Girl my momma ain't gotta screen no calls for me 
 Real talk, and watch your mouth 
 Fuck me? girl fuck you! 
 I don't give a fuck about what you're talking about 
 I'm sick of this bullshit I'm coming home and getting my shit and gettin' tha fuck up out in a dodge 
 You ain't gotta worry about me no more 
 And the next time your ass get horny 
 Go fuck one of your funky ass friends 
 Hell yeah, you probably doing that shit anyway 
 You gonna burn what? 
 Bitch I wish you would burn my motherfucking clothes 
 With your triflin ass, milton, you bogus girl, milton 
 Start your ...up and get ready to take me home, 
 This bitch then lost her motherfucking mind