Who's the world's greatest, yo? 
 Who's the world's greatest? 
 The world's greatest 
 I am a mountain, I am a tall tree 
 Oh, I am a swift wind sweepin' the country 
 I am a river down in the valley 
 Oh, I am a vision, and I can see clearly 
 If anybody asks you who I am 
 Just stand up tall, look 'em in the face and say 
 I'm that star up in the sky 
 I'm that mountain peak up high 
 Hey, I made it 
 Mmm, I'm the world's greatest 
 And I'm that little bit of hope 
 When my back's against the ropes 
 I can feel it 
 Mmm, I'm the world's greatest 
 I am a giant, I am an eagle 
 Oh, I am a lion down in the jungle 
 I am a marchin' band, I am the people 
 Oh, I am a helpin' hand, I am a hero 
 If anybody asks you who I am 
 Just stand up tall, look 'em in the face and say 
 I'm that star up in the sky 
 I'm that moutain peak up high 
 Hey, I made it 
 Mmm, I'm the world's greatest 
 Mmm, I'm that little bit of hope 
 When my back's against the ropes 
 I can feel it 
 Mmm, I'm the world's greatest 
 In the ring of life, I'll rain love, I will rain 
 And the world will notice a king, oh yeah 
 When there is darkness, I'll shine a light, shine a light 
 And you'll use the success you'll find in me, me 
 Oh (I'm that star up in the sky) yeah 
 (I'm that mountain peak up high) up high 
 (Hey, I made it) said I made it 
 (I'm the world's greatest) I'm that little bit 
 (I'm that little bit of hope) oh yeah 
 (When my back's against the ropes) I can 
 (I can feel it) feel it 
 (I'm the world's greatest) 
 Oh (I'm that star up in the sky) star up in the sky 
 (I'm that mountain peak up high) oh yes, I am 
 (Hey, I made It) I made it 
 (I'm the world's greatest) I'm that little bit of hope, yeah 
 (I'm that little bit of hope) oh oh 
 (When my back's against the ropes) when my back's against the ropes 
 (I can feel it) I can feel it 
 (I'm the world's greatest) 
 I saw the light (I'm that star up in the sky) 
 At the end of a tunnel (I'm that mountain peak up high) 
 Believe in the pot of gold (Hey, I made it) 
 At the end of the rainbow (I'm the world's greatest) 
 And faith was right there (I'm that little bit of hope) 
 To pull me through, yeah (When my back's against the ropes) 
 Used to be locked doors (I can feel it) 
 Now I can just walk through (I'm the world's greatest) 
 It's the greatest (it's the greatest) 
 Can you feel it? (can you feel it?) 
 Say the greatest (it's the greatest) 
 Can you feel it? (can you feel it?) 
 I saw the light (it's the greatest) 
 At the end of a tunnel (can you feel it?) 
 Believe in the pot of gold (it's the greatest) 
 At the end of the rainbow (can you feel it?) 
 And faith was right there (it's the greatest) 
 To pull me through, yeah (can you feel it?) 
 Used to be locked doors (it's the greatest) 
 Now I can just walk on through (can you feel it?) 
 Hey, uh (it's the greatest) 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, yeah (can you feel it?) 
 (It's the greatest) it's the greatest 
 (Can you feel it?) 
 I'm that star up in the sky (I'm that star up in the sky) 
 Oh, oh (I'm that moutain peak up high) 
 (Hey, I made it) I mad it, y'all 
 (I'm the world's greatest) 
 (I'm that little bit of hope) 
 (When my back's against the ropes) 
 (I can feel it) 
 (I'm the world's greatest) 
 ...