Intro (R. Kelly): 
 Yo, I know everyone out there wanna know, "what the hell does this mean?" 
 Well, I don't know my damn self 
 Verse 1 (R. Kelly): 
 Now what the hell does thoia thoing mean? 
 It can mean anything you want it to mean 
 Anything you say it mean, that's what it means 
 If you say sex? then probably 
 Some say it means pushin' a lex, then probably 
 This one white chick said gettin' real smokey and feelin' free 
 This black chick said sippin' hennessy in V.I.P. 
 Well, well, you can say what you want, that's what it is 
 All I know is that the thoia thoing man it's the shit 
 Afro's, cornrow's, hairweave's you gotta love it 
 White, black, brown, even Japanese, you gotta love it 
 And you know somebody out there goin', "man I like the beat 
 The hook is real tight, but I'ma keep it real, dog, it puzzles me" 
 No rules in this music industry (y'all know!) 
 If it feel good and make ya move your feel (y'all know!) 
 And if the bass is bumpin' in your jeep (y'all know!) 
 That it's the piper and I'm comin' with the heat 
 Thoia thoing make you wanna club hop, make you wanna drop top 
 Make you get like beyonce' and do the booty hop 
 Thoia thoing inspired by juice and hypnotic 
 It's like a virus and the whole world's got it 
 Chorus (adlibs: Baby): 
 I had her singin' thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (o yeah!) 
 Thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (hey R! hey R) 
 She had me singin' thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (it's the B baby! the B baby!) 
 Thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (they couldn't have seen this comin', so lets shine homeboy!) 
 Verse 2 (Baby): 
 Here's baby and kelly, come relax wit' us, shorty! 
 When we drop, it's platinum plus, shorty! 
 Whoa! you see the rocks with the rays 
 I mess up your eye's like blunt of that haze 
 Knee high boots. right wheel side coop 
 Custom macy's with the fall back roof 
 Flyin' dutch, livin' tone wit' stiletoe shoes (stiletoe shoes!) 
 Iced up, jigga watch more jigga boots 
 Million's on the chedda, pause just to take a trip 
 G4 in the clouds, now we makin' hits 
 The bird landed in Japan, hopped in a 6 
 Steerin' wheel, wood grain in your foreign lifts 
 Keesha to Italy, Stacy to France and... 
 Tonya to Paris, her bod is the baddest and... 
 We stopped in Jamaca, spent a hundred grand 
 Got a hundred model chicks that I flew from Japan (I had her singin') 
 Chorus (adlibs: Busta Ryhmes): 
 I had her singin' thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (hey, yo Kells!) 
 Thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (Baby!) 
 She had me singin' thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (you know bus-a-bus gon' get his ass up and talk to shorty right over there real quick) 
 Thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (hey, yo ma, let me holla at you) 
 Verse 2 (Busta Ryhmes): 
 Shorty, I love how you drop it, the way you get down and 
 Pop it, lock it, and cock it again and again, you better 
 Stop it, girl, see how you wiggle your c***ch, you know you should 
 Watch it, girl, and once we step in the spot you know I gotcha (ACHOO!) 
 Yeah, your little gucci cologne be havin' me problems with sneezin' 
 Baby, it's nothin' do your thing, I ain't gon' 
 Stop you, girl, all in your miny skirt, really squirted and 
 Show me somethin' baby once I give you what really hurts 
 You won't owe me nothin' (c'mon!) lookin' and watchin' and seein' the way your 
 Jeans be cuttin' all up in you're a**, rockin' and switchin' 
 When you be struttin' (shake it fast!) 
 I know your willin' and able and ready to (take it glass) 
 Sittin' on top of your ass like a table now (make it last) 
 Performin' until the water drip down to your navel (take it past!) your level 
 But if the label will even, stable, now shake your ass to (THE JOINT! THE JOINT!) 
 Baby, do your thing, and shake your (DA DOINK! DA DOINK) 
 Chorus (adlibs: Busta Rhymes): 
 I had her singin' thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing (yeah) 
 Thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing 
 She had me singin' thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing 
 Thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing 
 Verse 4 (R. Kelly): 
 We make a lot of noise when (whoa) 
 We go through the club (whoa) 
 All of the ladies in the house (whoa) 
 Come show ya boy some love (whoa) 
 Last call for alcohol (whoa) 
 Now we're closin' down the bar (whoa) 
 Tell me where's the after party at (whoa) 
 We rollin' with the R! (whoa) 
 I had her singin' thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing 
 Thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing 
 She had me singin' thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing 
 Thoia thoia thoia thoing thoing 
 (Chorus repeats until fade)