Belive it or not, I just started laughing. 
 Shaking my head and just kept on laughing. 
 Thinking about all the things I had been through that day. 
 She cries "What? Why do you have that smile upon your face?" 
 Then I laughed out said "Thinking about the things that I've been through." 
 She wipes her nose and she sniggles and laughs out "I've been through it too." 
 Then I start laughing again, and she start laughing more. 
 Then next thing you know we both are cracking up on the floor. 
 She laughs "I can't believe this idiot really answered my phone." 
 Now meanwhile Twan just got out of prison and he's on his way home. 
 Then she laughs "Baby I'm sorry for all the lies and all the bullshit." 
 Then I say "Girl just wait till I tell you all the drama that I've been dealing wit." 
 She laughs "I wanna hear it all." 
 Then I laugh and say "Baby first of all. 
 I got a hangover, been trapped in the closet, slept wit who knows, threatened to kill a pastor." 
 She says "What?! 
 "Baby this is no lie he had a lover turns out to be a gay guy.! 
 She says "Damn you've been through a lot." 
 "Plus I gotta ticket!" 
 Meanwhile the policeman he turns around. 
 Just out of concern comes back to the house. 
 Then he pulls up in the driveway. 
 My cars parked crooked with the lights on. 
 Then he goes around the back way. 
 He hear the dogs barking like somethings wrong. 
 He gets to the backdoor and discover it's been broken in. 
 He looks around, pulls his gun out, then proceeds in. 
 Meanwhile were laughing and laughing and laughing. 
 But from his perspective he thinks somebodies crying. 
 He gets closer to the bedroom and he would swear that somebody was coughing and sighing. 
 Meanwhile were in the bedroom laughing as I'm trying to continue to explain. 
 She yells out "Sylvester your killing me!" 
 Said "I swear that it went that way!" 
 Then next thing you know he bust up in the room said "Muthafucka freeze!" 
 And then I looked back up at him and said "Wait your that damn police!" 
 Then she screams "Baby, I mean James!" She says "Everything is cool!" 
 And then he yells "Gwendolyn I got this. 
 I know your sick and tired off this fool." 
 Then I stood up start walking toward him screaming "Man get out my house!" 
 Then he yells "FREEZE!" She screams "PLEASE!" and I pulled my barretta out. 
 She cried out "Sylvester please don't!" 
 Visions of him making love to her. 
 He said "Man put the gun on the floor!" 
 I can't stop thinking about him and her. 
 I slowly put the gun and then I put my hands up. 
 He winked at me and smiled. 
 And that is when I went nuts. 
 Hopped all over him grabbed the gun. 
 She screaming "Settle down! 
 Going all around both handling the gun then all of a sudden 
 POW! 
 ([Echos:] POW... POW... Pow... Pow...)