Here we are. The four of us... 
 In total shock... Me and her. 
 I closed my mouth and swallowed spit, 
 And I'm thinking to myself, "This is some deep shit!" 
 And I said "So you're gonna tell me he's the one he's been talking to?" 
 He says, "Yes", I say, "No", he says, "Yes", I say, "No", he says, "It's the truth!" 
 I said, "All of y'all ass is crazy, let me up out this door, 
 Because this is way more than I bargained for" 
 She says, "Wait, I'm sure we can all fix this" 
 Then I said, "I'm late, plus I ain't gotta damn thing to do with this!" 
 But then she said, "Wouldn't you just like to know how it all began?" 
 Then I thought to myself, and said, 'Quick, you got three minutes' 
 Then it got real quiet, I said, "Somebody start talking" 
 She said, "My God, Rufus! I've got just one question, 
 How could you do something like this? I'm so hurt!" 
 He looked at her and said, "Bitch please, you've got your nerves 
 "With all your club hoppin', lyin' when you said you was shoppin'. 
 And now here you are in our home, and you're callin' me wrong." 
 She said, "Okay, you busted me! And that much I agree, 
 You caught me cheating, but this is a little extreme!" 
 He said, "You are my wife sleeping behind my back. 
 And now I come home and you got him in the closet, how extreme is that?!" 
 And she said, "But she's a he!" 
 And he said, "Please, you can't judge me" 
 She said, "But Rufus this is crazy!" 
 And I said, "Stop arguing! 
 "I did not stay here to hear you chew each other out, 
 So get to the point, or I swear I'm out!" 
 "Excuse me, please, but I think I can explain what's going on in here. 
 My name is Chuck and I been knowing Rufus about a year, 
 At midnight creeping around with him has been a living hell, sneaking in and out of hotels..." 
 I said, "Brother, spare the details!" 
 Then Rufus said, "Chuck, please! Don't say nothing else!" 
 Then she screams, "Rufus you son of a bitch," 
 He says, "Cathy, go to hell!" 
 I said, "I thought you said your name was Mary, that what you said at the party. 
 Man this is gettin' scary I'mma shoot somebody!" 
 Then Rufus start yelling and screaming saying, "Cathy, this is all your fault!" 
 She throws a pillow at him and says, "You were creeping too, the only difference is you didn't get caught!" 
 Chuck screamed out, "We're in love!" 
 Cathy says, "Love my ass!" 
 Rufus said they're getting married then I shoot one in the air! 
 I said, "Not annother one of you sons of bitches say a word! 
 'Cause all this shit I'm goin' through is unheard!" 
 I grabbed my cellular 
 I said, "This is so wrong," 
 I call up my home, 
 And a man picks up the phone... 
 ([Echos:] phone... phone... phone...)