There's total silence, blood everywhere 
 And confusion on their faces as they continue to stare 
 Then Gwen starts shakin' and cryin' screamin' "What did you do?" 
 And then the policeman looks at me and screams "See, now I warned you." 
 Then he starts pacing the floor screamin' "God, what have we done here?!" 
 And she rushed to to door, blood on her hands screamin' "There goes your whole career." 
 Meanwhile, I'm freakin' out sayin' "We gotta do somethin' and gotta do somethin' quick." 
 Then he picks up the gun and says "I have a wife at home, I can't have no cause of this." 
 She says "James, I can't believe you just said what you said. 
 Cause that's not what you said when your ass was in my bed." 
 Then I said "Gettin' married later, but right now we gotta use our heads. First of all, did anybody check if the man was alive or dead." 
 Then he looks at her, she looks at me, I look at them and we look at him. 
 Meanwhile, Gwen's about to have a nervous breakdown the way she's shakin' and cryin' 
 And then she screams "You bastards! You've killed my brother." 
 And then I said "Gwen, wait a minute, I didn't..." 
 She says "No, you killed my brother." 
 She said "He just got out of prison. He's been through a lot. He was talking about changin' his life and everything and to come home and get shot 
 Then I said "Baby, it wasn't my fault. This man had a gun on me. 
 And besides, how was I to know that you was getting down with this crooked ass police." 
 And he says "Wait a minute..." I say "No, you wait a minute!" 
 And then I say "Man, this is my wife. We had a life until you butted up in it." 
 She cried out "Sylvester, now hold on. Even though he was in our home, let's not forget the fact that you was out there creepin' in another man's home." 
 *Cough cough* *cough cough* 
 Twan starts coughin'. *cough cough* 
 She says "Twan! Oh my god! Baby brother, are you okay ?" 
 He looks up at her and says "I'm not gonna die, at least not today." 
 And then he asks what happened and says "Why did I get shot? 
 Sylvester what is this policeman doin' here?" 
 And I said "Go on, tell him cop." 
 He says "Son, we gotta get you to a hospital and take a look at that wound." 
 Twan says "No, I'm okay. It's just my shoulder. All I need is a bathroom." 
 Now five minutes has gone by and they tellin' Twan everything that happened 
 Twan says "Fuck man, I would've been better off in prison." 
 And now somebody's banging at the door and I'm like "Oh no! Here we go again!" 
 Thinkin' out loud to myself sayin' "When is this shit gonna end?!" 
 Then Gwendolyn looks at me and says "Baby, you got that?" And I say "NO!" 
 She says "Why?" And I said "Because I'm not openin' up another motherfuckin' door!" 
 And the cop says "Gwen, I'll get it." Then looks at me and says "Man of the house, my ass!" 
 Then I say "I'll get it, but whoever it is, I'm about to put their ass on blast!" 
 And then, the policeman grabbed me. I snatched away and got my gun up off the floor 
 Then Twan says "Man, that's what I'm talkin' about! Sylvester, point that shit toward the door! " 
 Then he snatches the policeman's gun and says "Officer, arrest me later." 
 I count to three, Twan opened the door and it's Rose the nosy neighbor... 
 Ooh, with a spatula in her hand 
 Like that's gon do something against them guns 
 It's Rosy the nosy... whoa 
 Neighbor...