Seven o'clock in the morning 
 And the rays from the sun wakes me 
 I'm stretchin' and yawnin' 
 In a bed that don't belong to me 
 And a voice yells, "Good morning, darlin", from the bathroom 
 Then she comes out and kisses me 
 And to my surprise, she ain't you 
 Now I've got this dumb look on my face 
 Like, 'What have I done?' 
 How could I be so stupid to be have laid here till the morning sun? 
 Must of lost the track of time 
 Oh, what was on my mind? 
 From the club, went to her home 
 Didn't plan to stay that long 
 Here I am, quickly tryin' to put on my clothes 
 Searching for my car keys 
 Tryin' to get on up out the door 
 Then she streched her hands in front of it 
 Said, "You can't go this way." 
 Looked at her, like she was crazy 
 Said, "Woman move out my way!" 
 Said, "I got a wife at home." 
 She said, "Please don't go out there!" 
 "Lady, I've got to get home!" 
 She said, her husband was comin' up the stairs 
 "Shh, shh, quiet 
 Hurry up and get in the closet" 
 She said, "Don't you make a sound 
 Or some shit is going down" 
 I said, "Why don't I just go out the window?" 
 "Yes, except for one thing, we on the 5th floor" 
 "Shit think, shit think, shit quick, put me in the closet." 
 And now I'm in this darkest closet, tryin' to figure out 
 Just how I'm gonna get my crazy ass up out this house 
 Then he walks in and yells, "I'm home" 
 She says, "Honey, I'm in the room" 
 He walks in there with a smile on his face 
 Sayin', "Honey, I've been missin' you" 
 She hops all over him 
 And says, "I've cooked and ran your bath water" 
 I'm tellin' you now, this girl's so good that she deserves an Oscar 
 Throws her in the bed 
 And start to snatchin' her clothes off 
 I'm in the closet, like 'Man, what the fuck is going on?' 
 You're not gonna believe it 
 But things get deeper as the story goes on 
 Next thing you know, a call comes through on my cell phone 
 I tried my best to quickly put it on vibrate 
 But from the way he act, I could tell it was too late 
 He hopped up and said, "There's a mystery going on 
 And I'm gonna solve it!" 
 And I'm like, "God please, don't let this man open this closet!" 
 He walks in the bathroom 
 And looks behind the door 
 She says, "Baby, come back to bed!" 
 He says, "Bitch, say no more!" 
 He pulls back the shower curtain 
 While she's biting her nails 
 Then he walks back to the room 
 Right now, I'm sweating like hell 
 Checks under the bed 
 Then opens the dresser 
 He looks at the closet 
 I pull out my Beretta 
 He walks up to the closet 
 He comes up to the closet 
 Now he's at the closet 
 Now he's opening the closet... 
 ([Echos:] closet... closet... closet...)