Now the midget jumps outta the cabinet and stomps the policeman on his toe 
 The policeman hoppin around on 1 leg screamin "Son of a bitch!" while he runs under the table 
 He yells " 
 FREEZE! 
 " Dives over the table and lands on the midget 
 While the midget is kickin real fast screamin' out "Bridget! Bridget!" 
 She yells "Darlin' don't hurt him". He says "Bridget get yo' ass back!" 
 Then he continue to ruff up the midget as if the midget was under attack. 
 Then Bridget runs up to her room, goes in her purse and pulls a number out... 
 The police puts him on the table and yells "Man, what the hell you doin' in my house?!" 
 He wipes cherry pie crust off his mouth and says "Man, I was paid not to tell you!" 
 Then the police pulls his gun out and yells "Trespassin, man I got the right to shoot you." 
 The midget says "Mr., The man that paid me to do this would kill me if I tell!" 
 He points the gun in his face, the midget say " 
 God I think I just shitted on myself! 
 " 
 Now at Sylvester's house, Twon gotta patch on his shoulder playin' cards gettin' along 
 There laughing and talking when Sylvester says "Gwendolyn, baby, get the phone." 
 Then she walks away from the table picks it up and say "Hello?" 
 There's a lady on the other line panicin', cryin and talkin' all off the wall. 
 Gwen says "Wait slow down, who am I talkin' to?!" 
 "My name is Bridget and I found your number in my husband's pocket, I had to call you." 
 2 minutes later, Gwen shakin her head sayin' "Girl I understand." 
 Sylvester says "Who is it baby?? She hangs up and gives him the address. 
 Now meanwhile back at the policemen house the midget is cryin his ass off 
 While he's lyin' through his teeth bout to get his li'l ass told off. 
 Then Bridget bust in the kitchen with a double barrow sayin' "James I can't let you do this" 
 Then he looks at her and says "What? You shoot me for this fuckin' midget?!" 
 She says "I love him." The midget yells " 
 NO BRIDGET! 
 " 
 Then James says "Well, someone's gonna die up in this kitchen!" 
 Now Bridget and James starin' each other down slowly backin' apart 
 Then the midget takes his inhaler out and says "This is not good for my heart!" 
 Then James says "Bridget don't make me do this, baby put the gun down!" 
 And that's when Sylvester and Twon busted up in the house, and says " 
 YOU PUT THE GUN DOWN! 
 " 
 Whoo while Twon and Sylvester sniffin around... tryin' to figure out 'What's that smell?' 
 As they turn and look at each other like, 'What the hell?'...