A car pulls up to a restaurant 
 The door opens and someone gets out 
 First thing you see is some heels and a dress 
 Black shades on; scarf around her head and mouth 
 Who could it be? Why are they here? 
 Up the stairs they're goin' 
 Through the door, down the aisle 
 Like she's walkin' in slow motion 
 Checkin' out the place 
 And she walks lookin' real cool 
 Peepin' out through her glasses 
 Before she sits in the booth 
 She goes in her purse; pull a cigarette out 
 Puts it in her mouth; he lights it 
 Then she blows smoke, pause for a minute 
 And says, "What the hell happened?!" 
 "First of all, woman, keep your voice down. 
 I ain't tryin' to get loud up in here. 
 Second of all, how was I 'posed to know 
 That your husband was a fuckin' queer?" 
 "Shh!" The waitress walks by 
 She says, "I'll be with y'all in a minute." 
 "Now, we made a deal. The plan was for me 
 To come home with you. Girl, I did my part. 
 So don't you go askin' me what the hell happened 
 When I didn't wanna do this shit from the start." 
 And then she said, "Yeah, right. 
 You didn't wanna do this shit, but yo ass got paid." 
 And then she said, "Sylvester--" I said, "Hold up, bitch. 
 Are you crazy? Don't be sayin' my name." 
 She said, "Whatever. How come you didn't tell me 
 You was married to Gwen?" 
 "First of all, between the fake wigs and fake names, 
 How the hell I'm supposed to know that Gwen is yo friend, bitch?" 
 "Shh! Here comes the waitress again." 
 "Sorry I kept y'all waiting. 
 Child, this place is busy. 
 It's always crowded about this time. 
 Can I start y'all off with something to drink?" 
 I said, "I'll just have a coffee 
 With two sugars, light on the cream." 
 She said, "Vodka, straight up. 
 Hell... Shit, I need a drink." 
 Then the waitress said, "Girl, I heard that. 
 I'll be right back with your drinks." 
 And then she walks away ; I look back at her 
 And says, "She looked familiar to me..." 
 Then she says, "What?" I say, 
 "Nothin'. It's just a thought. 
 Anyway, girl, I thought the plan was for me 
 To be in that house with you and get caught?" 
 She says, "It was." I said, "What ha--?" 
 She said, "I changed my mind." 
 I blew smoke, then I put my cigar out 
 Said, "I'm out this motherfucker, 'cause you wastin' my time." 
 She says, "Wait, don't go." 
 "Well, then, god-damn it, talk to me." 
 She says, "You wouldn't understand..." (starts crying) 
 "...Try me." 
 (Crying) 
 "Cathy?" 
 "Yes?" 
 "Try me." She blows her nose and says, 
 "Well, it all started one night 
 When I was sittin' in the livin' room, 
 And sounds like I could hear somebody 
 In the bedroom, moanin' and groanin', 
 And I knew it wasn't me, 
 So my curiosity 
 Led me to believe 
 That he was cheatin' on me." 
 "Well, how come you just didn't ask him? 
 Give him the benefit of the doubt?" 
 "Because a woman knows. 
 A woman just knows when some shit is foul." 
 And then I said, "Calm down. 
 Here comes the waitress." 
 "Mmm, like I said, it's busy around this time, 
 But thank y'all for bein' patient." 
 Said, "Can I get y'all anything else?" 
 I said, "No, that'll be all." 
 Then Cathy says, "Sylvester--" He says, "Hold on," 
 'Cause he's gettin' another phone call 
 It's Twan sayin', "Everything a'ight?" 
 Then Sylvester says, "We workin' it out." 
 Then Twan says, "Well, call me if you need me, dawg. 
 You know I'm holdin' you down." And I said,"No doubt." 
 I hang up, then Cathy says, 
 "Well, lemme get back to tellin' you what went wrong. 
 Where was I? Oh, yeah, 
 The day I heard him arguing on the phone." 
 Now the story goes on and on 
 And she tellin' him everything that happened 
 While Twan's outside in the car 
 Radio on, boppin' his head, just rappin' 
 Sylvester said, "Girl, are you sayin' he was havin' sex 
 With another man on the phone?" 
 She says, "Yes." I say, "I can't talk about this." 
 She says, "Why?" I say, "'Cause this shit is getting uncomfortable." 
 Now, back to Twan; he turns the radio down 
 'Cause he gets a call 
 He says, "Yeah, what up?" And a voice says,"Yo, G, 
 I got that information on Tina." He says, "Talk to me, dawg." 
 "Well, the word out on the street is the bitch has stopped hoein'; 
 Doin' head outta her mama's basement and got a job." (chuckles) 
 "Ha-ha is right. The day that bitch stop hoein' 
 Is the day they stop sellin' dots. ("Heh-heh.") 
 You feel me, Joe?" "Word." 
 "Where the bitch work at, a candy store?" 
 "Naw, the job that she got's supposed to be legit. 
 I heard your girl off on some ol' waitress shit." 
 "Yeah? Waitress, where?" "Hold on, I'm waitin' on my people to hit me; 
 Roxanne's auntie own the place." "You shittin' me. 
 Where this place at?" He says, "Hold up, 
 I'm gettin' a phone call." 
 Now, meanwhile, Sylvester's askin' Cathy, 
 "Well, why you still love him?" 
 Then Cathy says, "When I saw Chuck, 
 I just couldn't lose him to him." 
 And then the waitress comes again 
 But this time she brings the bill 
 Slides her a $50, says, "Keep the change." 
 She says, "Damn, thanks. Shit, y'all, keep it real." 
 And meanwhile, outside in the car, 
 Twan's getting impatient; his homie comes back to the phone 
 Twan says, "Do I look like 
 En Vogue 
 ? 
 He says, "Why?" Says, "Nigga, 'cause the way you got me holdin' on." 
 "I gotcha, dawg. I got where the bitch work, live, information and all." 
 "Yeah. Nigga, I'm listenin'." "Well, nigga, first of all, 
 You gotta keep me down, 'cause I went through a lotta crazy shit to find her." "Yeah, whatever, I got you." 
 "Moved in with some nigga in the Jeffrey Manors; 
 'Round the corner is a place called Shay-Shay's Diner." 
 "Nigga, you forget I just did three years. 
 I need the exact address to where this place is." 
 "My bad, you right, kid. 9501, that's right off Hallstead." 
 Pause it right there 
 Now shoot back into the restaurant real quick 
 Sylvester looks up at the waitress and says, 
 "Excuse me, but it seems like I know you." 
 And at the same time, Twan's in the car, going, 
 "Man, this address sounds familiar..." 
 Meanwhile, in the restaurant, the waitress blows a bubble and says, 
 "Where you know me from?" 
 Twan's homie gives him the name of the place again 
 He looks up at the sign and says, "What the fuck...?" 
 And meanwhile, back in the restaurant, 
 Cathy's nudgin' me under the table, goin', "Sylvester..." 
 And Sylvester looks at the name tag on her shirt 
 And noticed that shit says, "Tina" 
 Then, the waitress starts backin' up 
 With this confused look on her face 
 While Twan's outside on the phone, tellin' his homie, 
 "Man, I'm right outside of the fuckin' place!" 
 Then Sylvester says, "Hold up. 
 I just wanna talk to you for a minute." 
 Then she starts screamin' Roxanne's name real loud (Roxanne! Roxanne!) 
 This bitch comes runnin' from the back with a skillet 
 Then Tina breaks a beer bottle on the table 
 And says, "Nigga, I will cut you with this glass!" 
 Cathy walks by me, goin' out the door, sayin', 
 "Not tryin' to get loud in here, my ass!" 
 Tina starts warmin' around Sylvester, sayin', 
 "We take Tae Bo classes!" 
 Then Twan runs up in the place and says, 
 "I will kill both of y'all knucklehead asses!" 
 ([Echoing]Asses!...asses!...asses... asses...)