Now lets jump back to Cathy's house, they getting up off the floor. 
 Then Rufus says "Chuck are you OK?" Then Cathy close the door. 
 Then Chucks says "Rufus what the hell just happened?" Rufus says "I tell ya... 
 She just almost got us shot right here in this room." 
 Then Cathy says "You got nerve. Almost got you shot? 
 When you sneaking in and out of hotels with him, ain't tellin' what I got." 
 Then Chucks says "What do you mean by that?" 
 Cathy looks at him and says "Firgure it out!" 
 He says "Ooh, Rufus she don't know me. I would cut this bitch right now!" "Whoa!" 
 Come on and try it muthafucka! 
 (Fuck you hoe!) I swear to God, just TRY IT! (Let me at her...) 
 Come on bitch! (Skank!) Just try it, muthafucka! (Rufus let me go!) 
 I swear the God, TRY IT! ( 
 Come On! 
 ) 
 TRY IT! 
 (Bitch, come on...) 
 " 
 CALM THE FUCK DOWN! 
 " Rufus says. 
 Rufus says "Chuck with talk 'bout it later." Then Cathy says "This shit is sad." 
 Then Rufus says "Well it is what is. Cathy we might'est well talk 'bout it 
 And try to get some understanding..." She says "Understand this? (Scoffs) I doubt it." 
 They talkin' loud while phone is ringin' (ringin'), steady ringin' (ringin') 
 But no one answers (answers), just ignores it (ignores it)... 
 Rufus screamed "I said calm down... you both actin' like damn fools! 
 A wife, pastor, and a deacon now how would that look in the news?" 
 Cathy says "A wife and pastor, looks good on the news" 
 Then looks at Chuck and says "But a pastor and a deacon 
 Rufus you don't want me to ansnwer you." 
 And then Chuck yells "Bitch who do you think you are? 
 I got a right to love who ever I please!" 
 Then Cathy says "If you don't get yo narrow ass out my house 
 Cause hoe this who ever belongs to me!" 
 And then Rufus "Nobody going no where... till 
 We firgure this out we all just be right here." 
 And then Cathy and Chuck wont stop staring at each other 
 Cathy snocks... her nose up and him... Chuck rolls his eyes at her 
 Then the phone rings again..(ringin', ringin', ringin') 
 But this time, Cathy walks over and answer it... says "Hello Longs residence." 
 "Cathy this Gwendolyn can you talk?" 
 Cathy says "I'm in the middle of something not now!" 
 Gwendolyn says "Girl this can't wait please get somewhere quick to yourself right now." 
 Then Cathy says "Hurry I'm listen shoot." Gwen says "OK... I'll make it quick girl 
 Remember the policeman you introduce me to?" She says "Yeah, what uh bout em'?" 
 "Anyway girl shit was tight until this morning everything went wrong!" 
 Chuck looks at Rufus and says "What the hell?" He says "I don't know." 
 She says "Damn it I'm on the phone!" 
 She says "Go 'head Gwen."...Gwen says "Well, it all started at this club that I was at last night." 
 ("Uh-huh") "Girl me and James sittin' up back VIP, everything was so right." 
 ("Uh-huh, go on.") "Well me and James sittin' there laughin' and drinkin' next thing you know 
 Here comes Sylvester up in there with some crusty wig wearing ass hoe." 
 Cathy looks at the wig on the floor she says "Girl what's the name of that club?" 
 Gwen says "Par'jays." She flops down on the bed... like 'What the fuck?' 
 Then Cathy says "Gwendolyn..." Gwendolyn says "Girl I'm not finished..." 
 Then she start tellin' her 'bout the policeman's wife Bridget who was gettin' down with this midget. 
 Then Cathy says "Gwendolyn, girl listen--" but Gwendolyn kept going on and on... 
 She steady tryin' get her attention but Gwen steady going on and on... 
 Then Rufus screams "Cathy are we gon' finish this conversation or what?!" 
 And Cathy says Rufus I'm on the phone Then Rufus says " 
 Bitch, I don't give a fuck! 
 " 
 Then Cathy says "Gwendolyn, shut up girl damn! Just listen to me! 
 You know that crusty wig wearin' hoe that you was talkin' about?" Gwen says "Uh uh." 
 Cathy says "Well..." Gwen says "Well..'well' what?" 
 Cathy says "Girl..." Gwen says "Cathy..." Cathy says "Gwen I'm sorry girl 
 But that hoe was me..."