Now I'm dashing home, doing 85 
 Swerving lane to lane, with fire in my eyes 
 I've got a million thoughts going through my mind 
 I'm thinkin' about what I'mma do and who I'm gonna do it to when I get home 
 How could I have been so blind? 
 And then I look in my rear view, I cannot believe this 
 (Imitates siren) Damn! Here comes a policeman 
 He drove right up on me, then flashed his lights and I pulled over 
 Without thinkin' twice, he hops out the car and walks over to me 
 And says, "License and registration please" 
 I looked up at him and said, "Officer is there something wrong?" 
 He said, "No, except you was doing 85 in a 60 mile zone" 
 And then I said, "Officer, let me explain please 
 You see the truth of the matter is, is that I've got an emergency!" 
 He said, "No excuses, and no exceptions" 
 I said, "This is some bullshit!" as he gave me the ticket 
 Said, "Have a nice day" and walked away 
 I said "Yeah, right," and drove away 
 And then I turned my radio on, and did 70 all the way home 
 I pulled up in the driveway, hopped out and slammed the car door 
 Then go around the back... 
 Bust up in the house... 
 And she's screamin', "What's all that for?" 
 And then I'm like, "Woman, I called this house and a man picked up my phone!" 
 She says, "Calm down, did you forget my brother Twon came home?" 
 "Oh..." 
 And that's all I could say was "Oh" with a stupid look on my face 
 Said, "I forgot he came home today" 
 And she says, "That's okay, because honey I understand" 
 She says, "You don't have to explain" 
 Then I took her by the hand 
 I kissed her and then we went to the room 
 Then I turned some music on, apologized one more time 
 Then went down and start gettin' it on 
 She started bitin' her lips, grabbin' me and makin' noise 
 Now we're makin' love and she's in my ear whisperin', "It's all yours" 
 I said, "I love you" 
 She said, "I love you too" 
 Then a tear fell up out my eye, then I called her my Sunshine 
 And then she looked at me, and said, "Baby, go deeper please!" 
 That's when I started goin' crazy like I was tryin' to give her a baby 
 The room feel like it's spinnin' 
 'Cause we keep turnin' and turnin' 
 As if we were in a whirlwind 
 The way our toes are curlin' 
 The next thing you know, she started goin' real wild and screamin' my name 
 And then I said, "Baby, we must slow down, before I bust a vessel in my brain!" 
 She said, "Please don't, don't stop!" 
 And then I said, "I caught a cramp!" 
 Then she said, "Please keep on goin'!" 
 I said, "My leg is about to crack!" 
 Then she cries out, "Oh my goodness, I'm about to climax!" 
 And I say, "Cool, climax and just let go of my leg!" 
 She says, "You're the perfect lover!" 
 I said, "I can't go no farther!" 
 Then I flip back the cover 
 Oh my god: a rubber! 
 ([Echos:] rubber... rubber... rubber...)