Now the midget begins to wake up, 'cause he fainted from all the madness 
 He see 3 guns pointed around the room, he stand and says "I have nothing to do with this." 
 Then I said "Hold up you look familiar, do I know you from somewhere?" 
 Then he says "Man I get around, you might know my face from here or there." 
 Then James says "Take a good look cause you might not ever see his face again." 
 Twon says "Man what the hell is that smell? (sniffs) Somebody done broke wind!" 
 And then Bridget start cryin while she lookin' around 
 I said "I'm sure we can work this out, but first lets put the guns down." 
 Then Bridget cries "James first" then he said "No you go!" 
 Then I said "Just do it the same time." and they both look at me and said "No!" 
 And then Twon says "Man let me shoot'em all!" and I said " 
 We can't do that! 
 And beside man you just got out of prison and I'll be damned if you going back." 
 Then Bridget says "I will drop the gun if he promise not to hurt 'Big Man' 
 Then James says "That's what you call him? That's his name? HA! Big Man?!" 
 Then Twon says "Man is that ya' name?" He yells "Yeah!" We laughed "HOT MESS!" 
 Theen I said "Man why they call you that?" And he said "Because I'm blessed." 
 Then I start shakin my head put the gun down sayin' "This is to much for me! 
 And said "I can't take no' more then heard it all this shit bout to drive me crazy." 
 And then I say "Man I shouldn't never took my ass to the Par'jays club!" 
 Then big man says "Par'jays... I been there, that's probably where you know me from." 
 Then James says "Hey, hey, Chuck and Rufus, let's get back to the matter at hand." 
 Then Sylvester says "Cool but first there just one thing I gotta understand." 
 James says "Whaaat?" Then Sylvester says "How do you know Chuck and Rufus?" 
 And police says "(Scoffs) What you talkin' bout man?" "You said Chuck and Rufus!" 
 Then bridget says "Hun my stomach" then Twon says "Who the hell is Chuck and Rufus?" 
 Pointed my gun and said "Talk to me James..." I said "Rufus, Chuck?" 
 Then Bridget says "ima bout throw-up-" James says "My wife is sick." 
 Twon says "Man I don't believe that shit!" I said "How did ya' wife get sick?" 
 He says "She's three months pregnant! Then we all said " 
 Ooh SHIT! 
 " 
 Then Bridget says "Honey there's something I have to tell ya..." 
 Then James says "No baby you don't have to say a word right now." 
 Then she says "But James--"..then he says "Rest Bridget while I get these fools up out my house." 
 Pointed the gun at us and yells "LEAVE! I said my wife is sick!" 
 Then Twon look at him and said "Muthafucka you crazy, watch where you point that shit! 
 Then Bridget says "James NO!"...Sylvester gets a phone call... 
 Its Gwendolyn askin him "Is everything OK?" And he says " 
 HELL NAW! 
 " 
 He hangs up... then Big Man says "Look man I'm just a stripper." 
 I say "A stripper?" Twon says "A midget?" 
 He says "I strip at this club called Dixie's and that is where I meet Bridget." 
 Bridget says "James--" He says Not now!" She says "Hun please let me explain!" 
 Then Twon whisper in my ear and says "Sylvester let me do this nigga james." 
 Then Big Man over hear us and takes his inhaler out again... then I said "I'M NOT KILLIN' NO COP!" 
 James movin closer to them with the gun then Bridget yellin' " 
 STOP! STOP! STOP! 
 " 
 And then she says "I admitted, I did it, I paid him" 
 Then James cuts her off and says "Baby you don't have to say nothing." 
 Then she says "No James I think you need to hear this... 
 See I been coverin for you a long time, never said what was on my mind. 
 I even follow you a few times, and when I say you with her you act like I was blind." 
 James says "Wait a minute Bridget, just what are you tryin' tell me?" 
 "Not only am I sleepin' with Big Man but he's my baby's daddy." 
 Whoooo the midget faints again... while Twon in Sylvester is trippin'. 
 The midget is the baby's... daddy. whoo!