Sylvester goes home 'cause he had to change into more something comfortable like, another suit 
 Then he gets back in the car and Tawn looks at him and says "Man where's mine at? " 
 Sylvester says "where's your what? " Tawn says "My suit! " 
 Sylvester says "nigga what make you think you can fit a suit like this? " "Man I'm slim" 
 "Shit nigga you be looking like Arnold Schwarzenegger in my shit! Just stick to the jogging suits and Timbs 
 And leave the suits to me" "Cheah whatever you say bruh-in-law" 
 "Tawn listen... 'cause what we about to go I'm gonna need your full undivided attention" 
 "I'm listen" Sylvester starts reminding Tawn of his past and situations like this 
 When he lost his head, and then he looked at Tawn and says, 
 "Now when we get there it'll be a whole lot of fine bitches in there, with drinks in they glass and they hands in the air 
 But don't get caught up just keep focusing on me 
 Then will go downstairs it'll be a hallway with a couple of pitbulls and armed security up the axe" 
 "Yeah this on some ole movie shit" "Nigga this ain't TV you fuck this up and our ass is grassed... you feel me? " 
 "Yeah I feel ya" "well make sure you do 
 Nah, they'll be a room will go in it it'll be about six or seven gentlemen there 
 Then they'll search and take my gun, say nothing just sit down in the chair" 
 "Man wouldn't it be better if I stand" "Nah because they don't like it when you stand 
 And Tawn, whatever you do don't stare" 
 [Joey:] "How ya doing Sylvester? " "What up Joey? " "Don't say my name, who's your new friend? " 
 [Tawn:] "I'm not a friend I'm his br... " 
 [Sylvester:] "Bruh-in-law, he's my bruh-in-law" 
 [Joey:] "Bruh-in-law is he, well he smells like a coppa to me" 
 [Tawn:] "A what? " 
 [Mob:] "Me too boss! " 
 [Tawn:] "MANNN! " 
 [Sylvester:] "T... ass grassed... that bring any kind of bells to you? 
 Now Joey the only reason I'm here is to discuss business with you" 
 [Joey:] "Yeah, yeah well I ain't discussing no bidness especially with mister, LL Fool J sitting here" 
 [Tawn:] "Who? " (Mobs laughs in background) 
 "I'ont like em" 
 [Sylvester:] "T, Joey" 
 "Sylvester I'm not about to sit here and take this shit from the blob father! " 
 "Now watch ya mouth you fucking mully" 
 "Now Joey that's enough! " 
 "Yeah you right, fellas escort these gentlemen the fuck up outta here" 
 [Mob:] "All right let's go" 
 [Sylvester:] "Now wait a minute... Joey how long have you known me? " 
 [Joey:] "Obviously not long enough get 'em outta here" 
 "Wait... well how long have you known my father? " 
 "Six years protecting each other in jail, but'cha nothing like O'Dell 
 Youse young guys, you fucking kill me, fellas" 
 "All right, all right... Tawn wait outside for a minute" 
 "Sylvester I'm not about to lead you up in here with a-" 
 "I said wait outside for a minute... remember I got this, nigga" 
 "I'll be listening from the outside" 
 "Yeah, yeah whatever momma say knock you out, fuck outta here... what you was running around with hotheads now? " 
 "Joey, I think you need to lay off of the pasta, it's getting to yo attitude" 
 "Yeah whatever, okay so let's make it quick, what do we got here? " 
 "Thursday twelve-O-clock midnight a train comes in from Indiana" 
 "Pff, yeah so what about it? " 
 "Well here's the deal... " 
 While Sylvester's talking, Tawn sits outside and falls to sleep... 
 [Joey:] "Yeah well what kind of money are we talking here? " "Joey I'm telling you, you can own a whole pasta factory" 
 [Mob laughs:] "Gee boss imagine that, your own pa... (clears throat) sorry" 
 [Sylvester:] Now all you have to do is... " 
 [Joey:] "You shittin me? " "I'm telling you the shit is real, hold on" (phone rings as guns point at Sylvester) 
 "Jesus fellas, it's just a phone, I got a phone call, hold on" 
 It's Gwendolyn on the phone saying "Sylvester what's wrong you left out and didn't even eat" 
 While Tawn in the hallway mean muggin and sizing up the security 
 Sylvester says "Can't talk now put the food in the refrigerator; I'll get to it later" 
 Joey says "hurry it up" he hangs up and asks for a pen and paper 
 Now Tawn turns the chair around and sits down puts his hand up and says "asshole" 
 Security looks at Tawn like he goin' shoot him Tawn yells out "arm wrestle" 
 Now security looks at Tawn like it sounds tempting but he hesitates 
 Sylvester's telling Joey if everything goes smooth this is what will make 
 And now Joey checking out the piece of paper, Sylvester checks his watch then looks up at his goons 
 Security outside laughing at Tawn cause it looks like he's about to lose 
 Then Joey looks at Sylvester and says "what is this a joke? " 
 He pulls a gun out and says "yes but I'm the only one laughing, nigga don't get your ass smoked" 
 Tawn's straining and looking at his watch 'cause he know his time is up 
 He breaks the table takes the gun and point it at the guards and says "what, what what! " 
 Sylvester says "guns on the floor" then Tawn says "guns on the floor" 
 Then Sylvester says "safe, open it up" Tawn say "shut them punk ass dogs up" 
 Sylvester says "get on the flo, Joey don't make me have to ask you again, open up the motherfucking safe! " 
 Joe says "forget about it" Tawn says "I'm bout to shoot me a motherfucker today! " 
 Joey goons start getting up off the floor 
 Sylvester says "Joey don't make me do this" and then the strangest thing happened 
 They start moving in on em, getting closer and closer and closer 
 They start moving in on em, they getting closer and closer and closer 
 They start moving in on em, they getting closer and closer and closer 
 They start moving in on 'em "I'm a SHOOT ME A MOTHERFUCKER TODAY! " "Tawn! " 
 "I'm a SHOOT ME A MOTHERFUCKER TODAY! " "Tawn! " 
 [Tawn panicking:] "Wha, wha" 
 [Sylvester:] "Wake yo ass up! " 
 [Joey:] "Sylvester ya man's gonna be all right! " 
 [Sylvester:] "Ya Joey he'll be all right, fuck is wrong with'chu? " 
 [Tawn:] "Man I had a motherfucking dream, that all these muh-" 
 [Joey:] "Yeah more like a nightmare" (him and his goons laugh) 
 "Huff and stuff I'll show you a nightmare" 
 [Sylvester:] "Tawn, we did good let's go" 
 "What are you a wise guy, I'm just breaking your balls" 
 "Yeah, he's just breaking ya balls" 
 [Sylvester:] "Joey, Thursday night" 
 [Joey:] "Sylvester tell ya lovely wife Gwendolyn I said hello... this guy" (Blows smoke)