Well... 
 Now he's staring at me like 
 As if he was starin' in a mirror 
 She yells "Honey let me explain--" 
 He says "You don't have to go no further. 
 I can clearly see what's goin' on 
 Behind my back, in my bed, in my home." 
 Then I said "Wait a minute now hold on." 
 I said Mister we can work this out." 
 She said "Honey don't lose control." 
 Tried to get him to calm down 
 He said "Ho I should've known, 
 That you would go and do some bogus shit up in my house, 
 But the Christian in me gave you the benefit of the doubt" 
 I said "We need to resolve this." 
 Then he stepped to me, I'm like "Whoa! 
 There's a reason I'm in this closet" 
 He says, "Yeah like what, are you talkin' clothes?" 
 "I met this girl at the Paje's club 
 And she told me she didn't have a man." 
 Then he said "Man please, 
 I'd kill you if you didn't have that gun in ya hand" 
 And I said "But yo chick chose me" 
 He said "Don't give me that mack shit please." 
 His phone goes off and then things get a little more interesting 
 He steps a little closer 
 I point my gun and says "I'm not the one you after." 
 He says "Somethin' I bet you didn't know my man 
 Did she tell you that I was a pastor?" 
 I said "Well good that's betta right, 
 Why can't we handle this Christian-like?" 
 And I started to put the gun down 
 Till I saw his face still had a frown 
 She started cryin', sayin' "Baby I'm sorry." 
 Then he said "Baby not as sorry as you're gonna be." 
 I started inchin' out 
 He says "No I want you to see this." 
 Said "I gotta get out this house!" 
 He said "Not till I reveal my secret." 
 I'm like 'What is goin' on inside his head?' 
 Then he takes his phone and calls somebody up and says 
 "Hello, Baby, turn the car around." ("What's going on?") 
 "Listen I just need for you to get right back here now." (Click) 
 He looks at me and says "Well since we're all comin' out the closet, 
 I'm not about to be the only one that's broken hearted." 
 She said "What do you mean?" 
 And he said "Just wait and see." 
 I said "Somebody betta talk to me!" 
 And then his phone rang 
 He picks up and somebody says "Sweetheart I'm downstairs." 
 And he's like "I'll buzz you up. 
 I'm on the fifth floor, hurry take the stairs!" 
 And I'm like "Who is this mystery lady that you're talking to?" 
 He says "In time you both will know the shockin' truth. 
 Baby this is something I been wanting to get off my chest for a long, long time!" 
 Then I said, "Nigga, I'mma shoot you both if you don't say what's on ya mind!" 
 He said "Wait I hear somebody comin' up the stairs!" 
 And I'm lookin' at the door 
 He says "I think you betta sit down in the chair." 
 I said "I'm gonna count to four!" 
 "1", he says "Mister wait!" 
 "2", she says "Please don't shoot!" 
 "3", he says "Don't shoot me!" 
 " 
 4! 
 ", she screams 
 Then a knock at the door, the guns in my hands 
 He opens the door, I can't believe - it's a man... 
 ([Echos:] man... man... man... man...)