The policeman gets in his car and gets right on the phone 
 Backing up, shaking his head saying "Let me get my crazy ass home" 
 And his wife picks up and says"Darlin' where have you been? 
 I've been worried about you" 
 And he says "Police business, honey, I can't wait 
 To tell you what I've been going through." 
 She says "Are you okay?" "Yes" 
 "Do you need anything?" "No" 
 "Well, I baked you a pie" "Mmm" 
 "Your favorite: Cherry" 
 Then he said "I'll be there soon. 
 Sorry I kept you hanging" 
 Then she said, "Honey, don't worry about it 
 Just take your time, I still got some cleanin'" 
 Now meanwhile Misses Roseys back at Gwen's house tellin' it all 
 She said "I knew there was something about that policeman 
 I started to cut lose my dog!" 
 Gwendolyn looks at her and laughs and says "Miss Rosey you are nuts." 
 And I say "All I wanted to know was what was you gonna do with that spatula?" 
 And then we all laughed. Twan says "She's a G no doubt." 
 Now lets head right back on over to the policeman's house 
 He pulls up in the garage 
 She doesn't expect for him to come that soon 
 She rushed to the door 
 Kisses him on the cheek and says "I was in the restroom" 
 Then he said "Whatcha say that for?" 
 And then she says "I don't know" 
 Then he step back, look at her and says "Whatcha all jittery for?" 
 Then she says "Sweetheart, maybe it's that time of the month" 
 Then he says "Maybe? Maybe that time of the month?" 
 And then she's says "You know what I mean" 
 He says "I know what came out yo mouth" 
 He said that "You said maybe". Then she says "Baby", he walks in the house 
 She tries to lead him upstairs 
 But he goes straight to the kitchen 
 She says "Hun, I bought you some pears" 
 And then he said "I'ma heat this chicken" 
 Then she turns around thinking to herself 
 With this weird look on her face 
 Then he screams "Woman, what wrong witchu, 
 Why are you walking back and forth, pacing?" 
 Before she answers she's thinkin' to herself "What am I to say?" 
 Because the truth of the matter is 
 That she just slept with another man today 
 And he started calling her name "Bridget, I know you her me!" 
 But she can't turn around because the truth on her face 
 He will see it 
 Then he screams "Bridget!" 
 "Yes?" "Look at me!" 
 Bridget turns around and then he says "Whatcha got up your sleeve?" 
 She's scared out of her mind 
 Stuttering and shaking and 
 Still talking about some pears 
 He starts screaming saying 
 "Woman I'm not going up no stairs" 
 Now he's got a funny feeling 
 Something just don't seem right 
 He's looking at her while she's backing up 
 Then he says "With all my might, 
 Woman, I swear I'll shoot somebody 
 If you been doing wrong!" 
 But little does he know 
 Somebody is still right there in his home... 
 ([Echos:] home... home... home... home...)