And now, I'm like 
 "Well, well, well, 
 What the Biggie is this 
 A condom in my bed 
 Ya better start talkin', biggie 
 'Fore I take a match and 
 Burn the biggie down!" 
 I said You better start talkin' 
 And start talkin' right god damn now! 
 Then she said "Baby, 
 I'm so speechless!" 
 Then I said "My baby, 
 You gone be breathless, 
 If ya don't start talkin' quick 
 Woman, I'm gone have a Big Pun! 
 You don't know what ya biggie wit! 
 Girl ya better cut the ruggin'!" 
 Now its obvious somebody has been all up in my home 
 In my bed, G Unit said "I smell Pussy" 
 Now I'm sniffin and lookin' around 
 Suspicious like someone's here 
 Then I looked in her eyes and in her eyes 
 There was so much fear 
 Pull out my gun said "Is he still here?" 
 She shook her head and said "Naw." 
 I'm checkin' behind every door 
 She cried out "He left right after you called!" 
 I said "What the fuck was you thinkin' 
 You thought that I wouldn't find this out?" 
 Then I said "You must be crazy or on crack to have somebody off up in my muthafuckin house! 
 She hopped up and said "That's enough!" 
 She said "I can't take no more!" 
 And then she said "You made your point, 
 But now its time to even the score!" 
 She said "I know all about last night, 
 And where you went when you left the club." 
 Said "That's right, nigga I was there 
 Wit this guy in the back of the club." 
 I said "I thought you was wit yo girls!" 
 She said "I thought you was wit yo guys!" 
 She said "You was at that bitch's house, 
 And don't even try to act surprised!" 
 Said "Babe", she said "Shut up 
 Don't you say a word! 
 It ain't nothin' you can say, 
 That I ain't already heard." 
 Then I said "Woman, don't you try to turn it all around 
 Cause the fact still remains that someone else was in my house!" 
 Then she said "You're right about that 
 Somethin' did go down, but I don't have to turn it around, 
 'Cause what goes around comes back around!" 
 I'm movin a little closer to her 
 She's trippin' over the furniture 
 She said "Wait first, just let me explain 
 I said "No need to, just give me his name!" 
 And then she said "Uh... uh..." 
 I say "'Uh...' what?" 
 She said "Please sit down in a chair!" 
 And I say "No, I'm standin' up!" 
 And she cries out "I'm so scared to tell you because of what ya might do!" 
 And I screamed "Look girl you better give me this man's name and I'm not playin' wit you!" 
 She says "Okay", wipes her nose and asks me about a girl named Tina 
 I thought to myself, said "It sound familiar--" 
 I said "I probably know her if I seen her." 
 Then I say "Anyway girl, what the hell does that got to do with this man?!" 
 She said "He knows my girl Roxanne." 
 I said "Who the hell is Roxanne?!" 
 Then she says "Roxanne's a friend of mine who know with this guy named Chuck, 
 Chuck's cool wit this guy name Rufus." 
 And I'm sittin' here like 'What the fuck?!?!' 
 Then she says "Rufus wife, Kathy. 
 We both went to high school. 
 She introduced me to the policeman that stopped you..."