(Twan:) Man I can't believe these bitches all the shit I done went through and Tina's ass man kissing that bitch ooh! 
 (Sylvester:) Nigga calm down that's just what'cha ass get, did I tell ya not to go fucking with these damn tricks 
 Oh oh, but'chu the one told me holla at her nigga all I was try'na do was make it better you know stop the violence 
 But who would ever thought the bitch was diking? (laughs) 
 Well I'm glad to know that you having a good time and think this shit is funny 
 Bullshit to the side nigga you better start talking to me about how they get this money 
 (Gwen calls) but Tawn is still cursing and talking loud 
 (Gwen calls) Sylvester say it's Gwen man calm your voice down. Hello? Staticing... 
 Gwendolyn? Phone is staticing... baby we getting a bad connection 
 The phone still staticing, then Gwen says Can you hear me now? No Can you hear me now? Babe 
 Can you hear me now? Ok I got'chu. good 
 Now, Sylvester where you at I'm waiting on you? Baby I'm on my way home to you 
 Movies or no? Baby sumthing came up and I got sumthing else to do 
 Well Myrna called what did Momma want? Same old thing just talking about Dale 
 What daddy done done this time? Drinking and cursing people out she put his ass in jail 
 Daddy be trippin' he think he big pimpin' well Myrna say he touch her he goin' be limpin 
 You know your peoples on the Westside be trippin' I'll see you in a minute well hurry up I'm cooking 
 Meanwhile at the church, Rufus is getting his praise on 
 With the Reverend Mosley James Evans in the peace within choir 
 Oh they dancing, oh they shouting, so many people being broken 
 You gotta see the rest for yourself, the doors to the church is open 
 (Song changes as Reverend MJE and choir sings) 
 He will (Jesus goin' work it out) work it out (Jesus goin' work it out) 
 God will (Jesus goin' work it out) work it out (Jesus goin' work it out) 
 Saints (Jesus goin' work it out) don't cha get my offer (Jesus goin' work it out) 
 Don't cha get my offering (Jesus goin' work it out) uh, in the second offering (Jesus goin' work it out) 
 Hey! (Work it out) 
 Didn't he didn't he work it out (work it out) didn't he didn't he work it out (work it out) 
 Didn't he didn't he work it out (my God will work it out) 
 Hey, all my winners do, hey (work it out) baby need a parachute, yeah (work it out) 
 Turned it all over to Jesus (work it out) Hey yeah! (Work it out) 
 Hey, good God almighty, how many of y'all know that he worked it out? (Yeah) 
 Choir help me (worked it out) hey, he done already did it (for you-ooh-ooh) 
 Hallelujah 
 Then Rufus goes to his office and answers his phone 
 Put his hand over the speaker told his assistant I need to be alone (work it out) 
 He watches her as she leaves the room (for you-ooh-ooh) 
 (Reverend MJE:) Said I got the rest of the church is open, Pimp Lucus come on down, hallelujah 
 She close the door, and he says Chuck 
 (Song changes back from beginning) 
 Then Chuck says Rufus 
 And then they talk at the same time then Rufus laughs and says Chuck you go first 
 Rufus I been try'na get in touch with you, I'm blowing up your phone 
 Then Rufus says I had a lot of things to do around the church. Chuck tell me what's wrong? 
 What's wrong? What's wrong? I'll tell you what's wrong, Rufus I'm missing you 
 Chuck calm down, I miss you too 
 How come you haven't called me? All because I been busy 
 Ooh that is a lie Chuck I'm telling the truth Bullshit Rufus that is not the real excuse 
 It's her Chuck wait a minute- It's her ain't it? 
 Chuck listen to me, now you know and I know that Cathy is my wife 
 I mean, you knew that I had another life 
 Yeah that's true, sure I knew and we vowed to keep it between us too 
 All of the hotels and things we do, how we told each other I love you Chuck 
 And you told me I was your dream come true Chuck 
 And now you're throwing your wife at my face. Wasn't saying that shit when I was fucking you! Chuck not on the phone 
 Cathy walks in to let Rufus know she's back 
 Rufus pause for a minute and then says Chuck I'll call you back 
 He hangs up and then Cathy says Baby who were you talking to? 
 He didn't know he pushed speaker phone Chuck cries out RUFUS I NEED YOU! 
 Cathy starts snapping then Chuck starts snapping (Chuck and Cathy arguing) 
 Then Rufus tries to calm him down, Cathy took in the phone and throwing it around 
 Then Rufus says Cathy go! she says Oh you putting me out your office 
 All the shit we just went through Rufus! Cathy go back in church I got this 
 Cathy leaves out; Rufus gets right back on the phone and says Chuck let me come see ya 
 Chuck says No then Rufus says We gotta talk... Chucks says Rufus don't let me go 
 He cries, but Rufus he ain't feeling it 
 But Chuck is steady going on and crying (Rufus I really love you! Don't let me go!) But he ain't feeling it 
 He's talking, coughing, cursing and screaming and crying (Don't leave me...) 
 Then Rufus says Chuck, this is gonna be hard... Rufus! ...but I love my wife! Rufus! Besides I'm a man of God 
 RUFUS! Chuck says Rufus I'm not gonna accept that, I'm going straight to the news! 
 Then Rufus says Chuck, slow down you don't know what'cha saying you're confused! Rufus says Just lemme come see ya! 
 Chuck says NO! Rufus says WHY!? 
 (Coughs) 'Cause I'm in the hospital