(Fat Joe (R. Kelly)) 
 (Ooh, mmm) 
 Yeah, uh, uh (Fat Joe and the R) 
 That shit y'all (Breakin shit down) 
 Shake that, funky, funky, funky (Yeah) 
 Sticky, icky, icky - yeah uh 
 I got that shit y'all 
 I got that shit y'all 
 Uh yo yo 
 (Fat Joe) 
 Crackman and I'm at it again 
 Niggas had they run, now it's time for a change 
 When we step in the club, nigga tuck ya chain 
 Got the mink on - same color the Range 
 Uh, pour liqour for my nigga that's gone 
 Big Pun! Then we party like we just came home 
 Fuck a bitch if she act to grown 
 I don't need that shit, I got my wife at home 
 Uh words slurrin, dirty urine 
 Drunk off a Henny and the shit keep burnin 
 Dancin with shorty and her friend keep flirtin 
 I don't always crush two but tonight seems certain 
 Party hard like "Fuck all y'all!" 
 Bottles in the air like we stuck up the bar 
 Terror Squad man you know who we are 
 Cruise through ya block and them drop-top Bentley's is ours 
 (Chorus - R. Kelly) 
 Yeah, we thuggin', rollin' on dubs and, 
 All up in the club, wildin' like what 
 We got Cris' on pop, Henny wit no chaser, mami don't stop 
 Throwin' up six o'clock, plus I got four hun-nies in the drop 
 And my man Joe's got the keys to the spot 
 And it's full with hunnies, panties with no tops 
 We take a puff of 'dro be-atch 
 Ooh 
 (Fat Joe) 
 Yeah uh, yeah yeah yo 
 Everybody wanna know where the crib's at 
 Niggas just now gettin' ice, so we get that 
 Mami starin' at me like she wanna get kidnapped 
 Money lookin' happy with his wife but we triz that 
 Along with Lisa, Aisha, Shondra, Renee 
 They ran through the dorms down in Morgan State 
 In Miami, pool-party off the chain 
 Gettin' brains in the water on Memorial Day 
 Uh, grand-mami all cool and shit 
 It's ya birthday, show me what I'm foolin with 
 Like no doubt, pokin doll out, pull ya g-string down south 
 Owww! Pass that, give shorty a shot 
 True enough we gon' see if she naughty or not 
 I'm on E feelin' ready and hot 
 I give 'em plenty a pop, you wanna roll? leave the panties and top 
 (Chorus - R. Kelly) 
 [RK] Fat Joe, R. Kelly we pop up 
 [FJ] Yeah, Terror Squad, Rockland what the fuck what 
 [RK] Fat Joe, R. Kelly we pop up 
 [FJ] Uh, uh, Rockland, Terror Squad what the fuck what 
 [Both] Some of these kids is doin' they own thing 
 But none of these kids stack chips like us 
 Some of these cats is doin' they own thing 
 But none of these cats run tricks like us 
 (Chorus - R. Kelly) 
 (Fat Joe) 
 Haha, yeah uh 
 You know what this is 
 Chi-town - BX 
 What the fuck what? 
 Out...