Uh uh, uh uh 
 Where the real niggaz at? 
 What, who got my back? 
 And who will be ready for war at all cost? 
 Position themselves to take the fake heads off? 
 And who will really cock their weapon? not their mouth 
 When it's time for you and your team to go all out 
 And who in the face of danger keeps quiet? 
 Never snitch, never give up your man's and them for shit 
 And who will rock my product like 'caine? 
 Push that shit like rocks to the top of the game 
 Is it you? And who got my back like a cape? 
 So I can be a super hero, 
 Get more money like dinero (Deniro?). 
 And who will never sell their soul or the asshole for the dollar? 
 If you feelin' me niggaz, then holla. 
 And who sees this shit through veteran eyes, 
 And for hip-hop be more than ready to die? 
 Surprised it's not many real niggaz left. 
 My mind's designed to get, while you step and fetch 
 And who gonna get my back, oh 
 And who gonna bust their gat, for me 
 And who gonna feel like I feel, keepin' it real like gangstas do, who 
 And who's gonna support their seeds? 
 Be a father to their child, 
 And still live big willy style? 
 And who gonna walk their dogs till their tongues hang out? 
 Till world wide, your joints bang out? 
 And who's gonna keep the faith in their niggaz? 
 Not get gassed and caught up with the silly gold diggers? 
 And who will never hate, never be an ingrate, 
 Never whine or cry, whether free or upstate? 
 And who on steroids, all muscled up 
 Won't rub us the wrong way and get their ass fucked up? 
 And who will write their own rhyme 
 Time after time? 
 Hot shit that leaves the comp dumb and blind 
 If it's you than you came to the right place, 
 And if it's not you, then you get smashed with a brick in the face. 
 And who gonna get my back, who 
 And who gonna bust their gat, who 
 And who gonna feel like I feel, keepin' it real like gangstas do, who 
 And gonna get my back, Who 
 And gonna bust their gat, who 
 And who gonna feel like I feel, keepin' it real like gangstas do, who 
 And who gonna get my back, who 
 And gonna busts their gat, who 
 And who gonna feel like I feel, keepin' it real like gangstas do, who 
 Who got me, who 
 Who got me