(Lil Keke) [talking] 
 Most anticipated Texas Mixtape nigga. Young Don you know what I'm sayin'? I been gettin' money. Lil C, keep stackin nigga. 1-2-3-4. We don did it again. Ya know, these niggas out here out makin' love, haha. Check it out. Get off ya nigga, go get ya money. If you stand in line long enough you gon get to the window homie. Ya know what I'm sayin'. I been gettin' it. Oh, original SUC that is. The MVP nigga. 
 (Lil Keke) 
 You know what? I came in this game, I woke up one mornin I was thinkin' 'bout the grain. Jumped in the drop, seats red butter. Turned up the bang and it made the trunk stutter. I riding up the vard I thinkin' bout some bitches, I pass by in it let 'em work on my switches. Now I'm gettin' juice, pancakes droppin'. It's the young Don in the way he stoppin'. Never ever stop, I smoke good crop. You know when I hold, I come red out the shop. It might be apa, it might be brandy, nine coats of clear, I got that wet ass candy. Comin' out the salt, since '93. D-O-N the K-E-K-E. Niggas know one thing I bring hap. Freestyle king young don Fat Pat. I did it from the top, I did it for the troop. And it's the young Don still rep hoover blue. What's up to them bloods, it's a whole nation. Gangsta ass niggas thug niggas on vacation. Suckas go home, my click still strong. I'm comin' down candy red ridin' on the bone. Bone insides lookin' like tan. Drop the top and swang 4s to the sand. 
 Now in the water, hoes see a slaughter. It's the young don still chasin after daughters. Chasin after hoes, ridin' of 4s. Everytime I ride I be on my tiptoes. Ridin' through the lane, holdin' wood grain. Niggas know young Don Ke do his thang. I came for the title, I came back hard. Sucka ass niggas had to give me my car. Now they still hidin, look at 'em run. I'm chasin after niggas with the what choppa gun. Bustin' boys down, suckas is a clown. 713 I'm the king of the town. I'm still underground, I'm still hoover Screw. (RIP) I'm still comin' hard and I'm still ridin' blue. I'm riding cobalt, I might be ridin' navy, it's the young don only God can save me. 
 Lord, help me, please come back. I'm diggin in my pocket and I'm bout to spend a stack. I'm still sellin crack, I'm still writin raps. It's the young don keep stars on my caps. Everytime I ride, every time I slide, suckas start runnin', boys start hidin. It's the young don, I'm riding in the car. Freestyle king still a fuckin' superstar. I'm still a what king, I'm bout to live a dream. Everytime I pull out, I'm wit a strong team. A team full a goons, higher than the moon, so much wood its lookin' like a living room. Inside in the vette, its wet like a pet. Herschelwood Texas still represent my set. I am the king, listen to my tongue. Hoes start listenin and them hoes get sprung. I be breakin mics, I be breakin cards. It's the young don still tippin boulevard. What about this chevy? its sits so heavy. Ima break the game up if niggas let me. I'm outta H-Town, what's up Fat Pat? It's the young don hoes still tryin' to chat. I holla at a dime, 'cause it ain't a crime. I'm hollerin at them niggas dressed in white Louis Vuitton. Boys in the PEN, stand up strong. It's the young don on the mic goin' long. I can't fall off, I represent the south. I spent 20,000 on my motha fuckin' mouth. Now my rocks glow, 30 for a show. I break the hoe. Niggas don't know. 
 I still go hard, I still go what? it's the young don might be riding trophy truck. Sittin' on the buck, sittin' on the gray. Niggas better go home if they tryin' to play. I never do it, I never stop, it's the young don might just cut off the top. Let 'em see the inside let 'em see the drop. Comin' down sunshine a nigga don't pop. I don't pop trunk, I don't ride belts. I ride old school make sure the pain felt. Niggas don't stop. Niggas still hatin'. It's the young don might be ridin', ice skatin. Ridin' on them 4s, ridin' on the spiders. Never pay attention to them broke dick riders. Can't see me, I can't be stopped. It's the young don smokin' green colored crop. Smokin' on the Kush, smokin' on the Purple, niggas talkin' down I only fuck wit my circle. Only my crew, this what I do. What's up Screw You, I still love you. It's the young don, I do it for my son. Money by the ton. 
 (Z-ro) 
 Drinkin' on soda, wit the bar in it. You know what I'm talkin' bout? I'm in the coupe, ain't walkin' the lot. I'm parkin lot pimpin' the lot. Fuckin' wit these bad ass bitches. But I know, they after riches, not mine. I gotta gun and ima cock mine. Hatas, gimmie 50, drop down. My nigga C-Mo. And that boy Mike-Mo down wit Z-ro. And that Millzey, its goin' down. Nigga we representin H-Town. We'll lay ya down in this bitch. Don't talk shit, we'll spray ya down in the bitch (bitch) quick (quick). And all you niggas dead mayne. Cereal bowl holes in heads mayne. Ay, that's real talk. Hold up, RIP to Hawk, RIP to Moe, RIP to Chad. I don't need a pen and pad. I'm actin' bad. 
 Hold up, I'm on that madden, in the crib one deep, and I'm saggin. Blue raggin and flaggin at the same time. Did 17 murders wit the same 9. Goddamn nigga, I'm just runnin' my mouth. But I'm still reppin the south. Y'all know what I'm talkin' about, walk in with the pistol, hit em, then I walk out. I get my motha fuckin' bread nigga, and guess what I got? 10 mo bullets fo yo head nigga. Screwed Up Click all day long. I'm gon, but I can run my block from a payphone. Why? 'Cause I got OG bread. Everytime we hit the parking lot we turn heads like chad. And the motha fuckin' Bun B. I got bread, by the Hundred. 1000 dollas for the ABN. King Of The Ghetto entertainment then. An that G-Maab Entertainment. Trae I love you mayne. Real talk.