Z-Ro talking: 
 Hold up let me hit my Hypnotic Record. 
 Aight you rollin'? 
 I'd just like to take a minute to apologize to my listeners 
 I just wanna say I'm sorry for not havin' any songs about happyness or bein' in peace and shit like that 
 See I can only display my personal feelings and experiences 
 And so far I ain't felt what happyness feels like 
 Or experienced to anything but hard times and heartache 
 So I apologize for not makin' you dance 
 I apologize for not havin' any sarcastical songs 
 You know that good feeling with 'em that put a smile on your face 
 I ain't had nothin' to offer except for frowns 
 So for that I'm sorry, I promise if I could sing Another Song, I would. 
 (Verse 1: Z-Ro) 
 I wish I could tell you my life is good but it's not 
 I wish Missouri City winters were cold but they're hot 
 So many situations to deal with, I can't concentrate a hundred homies and everyone is fake. 
 How can I make it out the ghetto? It won't let me go 
 Seems like every time I do a good deed, good deeds never return to 'Ro 
 I gave up my last so somebody could have a start 
 Then somebody got me locked behind bars 
 What a way to show your love back, homey you a friend for life 
 For your crime I'm doin' time in the Penn tonight 
 It's bad enough I lost a family my luck ain't live 
 Mama died when I was 6 & Dad ain't have enough time 
 To kick it with me like I wanted him to kick it with me 
 Now that I'm incarcerated you wanna come visit with me 
 But I ain't holdin' no grudges, Daddy, I love you that's my word 
 Even though you had me sleepin' on a curb, I wish I had Another Song. 
 These are the days. These are the days. 
 We cherish them because soon they'll be gone away. Soon they'll be gone away. 
 On to another place 
 Pretty soon I'll be gone 
 20 sum odd years of callin' God on this mobile phone 
 If it wasn't for my life style I'd sing Another Song. 
 I wish I was ridin' around in a Bentley 
 But maybe Z-Ro livin' lavish just ain't meant to be 
 'Cause I'm the type of fella that'll give a bum a hundred dollars 
 I'd rather help out my people instead of poppin' my collar 
 I wish I could get a million copies sold 
 If I'm broke I'd rather die, I don't want no more poverty 'Ro and oh 
 Sometimes I wish I was somebody else 
 'Cause I can't even pay bills even though my CD's won't stay on the shelf 
 Strugglin' & I'm strivin' and just barely survivin' 
 Bobbin' and weavin' my last breath time after time 
 And it seems that I won't ever get no rest I'm exhausted 
 Tryin' to make it compare the price and pain is what the cost is 
 Maybe if I was evil I'd be rollin' in bread 
 Until somebody with a pistol come and opened my head 
 But my mission is keepin' ambition, I'm tryin' so hard 
 Even though my soul is scarred 
 Oh Lord, I wish I had Another Song. 
 These are the days. These are the days. 
 We cherish them because soon they'll be gone away. Soon they'll be gone away. 
 On to another place 
 Pretty soon I'll be gone 
 20 sum odd years of callin' God on this mobile phone 
 If it wasn't for my life style I'd sing Another Song. 
 I wish that I could sing Another Song 
 But my rhythm is too much pain 
 Sunshine is the level that I think I'm on 
 So tell me why it's so much rain 
 Day to day it's a struggle in my lifetime 
 To keep from creepin' I be stayin' in the G 
 No crimes committed so tell me why I'm doin' time 
 And won't nobody come and sit with me for free 
 Sometimes at night I smoke a cig and sit back 
 And wonder why the whole world hate me 
 So much ambition I just gotta blow my wig back 
 Wishin' murder would come on and take me 
 I wish that I could sing Another Song 
 I'm tired of sleepin' in rivers of tears all night long 
 No point in wonderin' why my people choose to do me wrong 
 Stuck in this reality till my life is over and gone. 
 These are the days. These are the days. 
 We cherish them because soon they'll be gone away. Soon they'll be gone away. 
 On to another place 
 Pretty soon I'll be gone 
 20 sum odd years of callin' God on this mobile phone 
 If it wasn't for my life style I'd sing Another Song. 
 {Fading out} 
 Callin' God on this mobile phone...