Artist: Scarface f/ Bun be (U.G.K.), Z-Ro 
 Typed by: escobar188@yahoo.com 
 (Talking) 
 Nigga don't act like you don't know who I'm talkin' bout 
 (Fifty-Cent piece drops on table) 
 (Coinciding With 50 Cent's Intro on 'Get Rich Or Die Tryin') 
 (Scarface) 
 It's your worst day, run and tell somebody 
 It's your worst day. 
 It's your worst day, run and tell somebody 
 It's your worst day. 
 What it is?, nigga! 
 You don't wanna get involved with this here, nigga! 
 Is you a bitch nigga?, you a bitch nigga! 
 Look at yourself and then analyze me! 
 This motherfucking G 
 I can see the flaws in you, you got girl drawers in you 
 Girl flaws in you, a broad nigga! 
 I peeped your whole hand when you came in 
 I'm a man and I hang men 
 Play the game to win 
 All men should play on ten 
 Scarface 'finna do it again 
 Mash you nigga, smash through niggas 
 Don't make me upstrap and blast you niggas 
 Once again, it's only, it's a must that I do it 
 Lock you in my scope and blast your ass through it 
 I'ma ruin 
 The image and the style that you used to 
 'Cause you don't keep it real like you used to 
 A O.G., esa, fool to the hole fa'sho 
 So niggas slow your motherfucking roll 
 'Fore I come through with the same M-11 
 The Feds took from me, and shoot you in yo motherfucking stomach 
 (Chorus: Scarface) 
 You a Snitch Nigga, when you rat on yo friends 
 Bitch Nigga, when you steal cash from your kin 
 You'z a Snitch Nigga, running when the drama go down 
 You was bumpin at first what happened to the manly sound 
 You a Snitch Nigga, specializin' at bumpin' ya gums 
 Bitch Nigga, countin' all your bricks but all I see is crumbs 
 Snitch Nigga, ain't you tired of running your mouth 
 Can't even go home, cause a jacker might run in your house 
 (Verse: Z-Ro) 
 Now snitch fellas get up under my skin 
 That's why I don't mess with friends 
 Unless it's my Mac-10 
 I'm the king of the ghetto, Z-Ro the crooked in the flesh 
 Looking for head shots, 'cause snitch fellas get the bullet-proof vests 
 What you scared for? 
 What happened to all the tough ass talk 
 The way you was bumpin', I thought you had a taste for asphalt 
 Look at momma's baby out here starvin' for an ass- 
 Whippin', beefin', with a magician then drippin' now his ass missin' 
 I'll be damned if I pull a rabbit out a hat 
 Well pull my 40 out of holster, and put a snitch fella on his back 
 Whoa!, look how I handled this .44 
 My conscience be screaming Z-Ro Murder Mo!, Murder Mo! 
 And these snitch fellas on "How I'm Living" try snitchin' on "BET" 
 But got a restraining order against "Murder I-N-see" 
 This how we ride, and ain't never gon' make a switch dude 
 Z-Ro the Crooked, I'll be damned if I be a snitch fool 
 (Verse 3: Bun B) 
 It's Bun be I go back-a like "Atlanta Black Crackers" 
 I back-slap a, back-packer, from here to Cakalacka{Carolina's} 
 Wack rapper, short stopper or dope kicker-inner 
 Bitch I ain't ya chicken hitter, bring the heater get you wetter (get you 
 Wetter) 
 With the 50 caliber magnum handgun 
 Step a bear off in his tracks, you better hope I don't land one 
 If I cock that bitch back... aim it at your chest 
 It'll be weeks before they even find the pieces to your vest 
 We releasers of ya stress... ease ya pain 
 Put this pistol in your mouth, you'll never need them trees again 
 The one ya momma warned ya about 
 Bun-why he's insane 
 Kill a kid over a quarter, (???) 
 (???), Boy you fuckin' with the triller 
 Z-Ro the young guerilla 
 And Face the born killa 
 (Bitch Nigga) 
 Feel around in the dark for dough 
 (Bitch Nigga) 
 You here the sound, see the spark, and you know