Z-Ro: 
 I don't know why my life ain't stable, so many up's & down's 
 It make a nigga dizzy tryin' to keep his feet on the ground 
 Feelin' this pain daily too many times a day 
 Just wanna live, not necessarily shine today 
 Losin' my mind today, I can't keep the tears from drippin' 
 Thankful for Eugene my nigga for residency flippin' 
 Ran a car into my own shit. Shouldn't I be glad to be like Joe? 
 But have to lose everything 'fore I get it back 
 I get free game, I stacks my cars my clothes 
 But my mama will never scratch my back, before I go to sleep no more 
 I'm feelin' crazy. I just can't find the slack. 
 But a fuck I can't move I know I'm not sleepin' I'm woke the devil's ridin' my back 
 I try to shake him but he on me 
 Therefore my attitude is rude, fuck friends leavin' me for lonely 
 Sometimes I feel like the high is my only companion 
 So I stay runnin' the drugs lookin' for understandin'. 
 (Hook: Z-Ro] [x2) 
 I don't really wanna die, just need a Change Of Scenery 
 It don't matter where I go, as long as I'm blazin' greenery 
 Blowin' my wig back tryin' to deal with stress 
 So I don't go crazy and bandon me from people to rest. 
 Cl'Che: 
 I don't really wanna go, that's why I ask Lord bless my soul 
 Had to stop hangin' with hoes, even some my kin folk 
 It's bad for my brain, bad for my blood, bad for my people that I wanted to show love 
 See 'cause love's been lost that's why I blaze up greenery and charge it to the cost 
 Baby I feel your pain like when the tears come down like rain drops 
 And it don't stop, muthafuckers keep pullin' the same spot 
 Tryin' to make you let loose until you drop 
 Them off the Scenery, doin' something crazy 
 Wouldn't have to go through this shit ain't that was another place to be 
 That's why I ride behind you a hundred percent, my nigga, it's Cl'Che 
 I smoke with you ride with you, make sure you make it through the day 
 Too much hate make a chick wanna vacate off the scene 
 Get a lil' stash live out your dream, feel what I mean 
 Relieves the stress, remember you blessed, smoke on 
 Live on and move on my nigga, I'm in your zone! 
 (Hook: Z-Ro] [x2) 
 I don't really wanna die, just need a Change Of Scenery 
 It don't matter where I go, as long as I'm blazin' greenery 
 Blowin' my wig back tryin' to deal with stress 
 So I don't go crazy and bandon me from people to rest. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Seems like I was lookin' for love in the wrong place 
 Attemptin' to put a smile on a long face 
 I couldn't beat it, the D.A. had a strong case 
 So I might ready to burst this in for a long stay 
 Back at the block after 2 & a half thinkin' my partners got shit to show me 
 But they 'about they paper cappin' and actin' like they don't know me 
 Things done changed, I see I'm out here on my own 
 Got fronted a couple of packs and glad I'm all night long 
 But fellas started to get jealous 'cause I grinded so much 
 I wouldn't have knew he had a beam if he didn't shine it so much 
 So when he came walkin' up on me, I just had to let it go 
 See I'm nervous by nature that means I'm dumpin' on you hoes 
 There was people lookin' for me, plus I'm duckin' the vice 
 On top of that my people treat me like a thief in the night 
 Sometimes I feel like my high is my only companion 
 So I stay runnin' the drugs looking for understandin'. 
 (Hook: Z-Ro] [x2) 
 I don't really wanna die, just need a Change Of Scenery 
 It don't matter where I go, as long as I'm blazin' greenery 
 Blowin' my wig back tryin' to deal with stress 
 So I don't go crazy and bandon me from people to rest.