Whisper: 
 City of Killers. 
 City of Killers. 
 Bam: 
 Tryin' to feel my inside soul 'cause a angel told me it's cold 
 But ain't no way I can fold with a pair of nuts this damn swoll 
 'Cause where a nigga was raised, don't nobody play games 
 It's like your life is a sweet and reality's the flame. 
 So why the fuck you tryin' to torture with that dip in the middle? 
 It's like I'm swallowin' mighty bites while you be nibblin' on skittles 
 'Cause this city we in, it ain't no such thing as friends 
 And once it comes down to paper, you down to bump off your kin. 
 You think I'm lyin'? What thoughts be in my head as I walk around 
 So now you know when you see me why my face is quick to chalk a frown 
 'Cause I don't trust nobody, nope, not a god damn soul 
 So now you know I'm a hog, from high to a deep level of cold 
 Thinkin' why niggas let me broke in this city of Houston 
 But ain't no stoppin' Bam, I'm a keep my ego to boostin' 
 'Cause I got a bunch of fans that love me and bitches that jock 
 I got killers in my click & I keep thugs on my block. 
 (x2) 
 Well, I'm just lettin' you know don't test me, I'm with the chrome 
 I'm still in my ghetto peel, I'm more than your average nigga from that Mo' 
 Lookin' out the house with a bed with a bullet in the way that clicked your spine 
 And now your cryin' 'cause you realize that your dick can't even get hard. 
 Trae: 
 Who the hell could it be peepin' on me? 
 T to the R to the muthafuckin' A E 
 Killers that's like mad trucks with a bust, better duck 
 Who the fuck runnin' up so nigga what 'fore I leave my star full of that heat 
 Gotta watch my back 'fore I be alone 
 That shit is gon' fall and the while back me up 
 To the sides shapey grin, gotta know get enough for them 
 That T to the E to the E to the A 
 It's goin' down South Klique, what you wanna do 
 Bitch throwin' up my set, infrared's to your chest with a mess 
 Now stop you drop, like sweat it out my face 
 What killers want right behind me, I think you lyin' so try me 
 These haterfied niggas don't play 
 Cut in all my killers till the day I'm dead and deceased 
 It'll be, us niggas out Houston won't ever fade 
 What I'm all about, hopin' with open kickin' eyes open, peepin' 
 I gotta be scopin' better keep wishin' G's on these streets be low 
 Till the point of my life I can't go, got hatred not 'cause a hoe 
 K I double L A K L A N to the B to the A to the M, gotta represent 
 Never know with a lifestyle, with a 5 dollar with a mile 
 Gotta get my life be twistin' thoughts, a thought in the vault 
 You can't forget and you feel the anger, with one in the chamber 
 Grill in the back, but it's your, me & T.A.Z. on the regular. 
 My K, 5's don't give a damn to hustle so hoes what's up? 
 Can't change on my feet to the dip, droppin' tops 
 Till the player get a hit, to the drink to the brain get me crunk 
 Get a boost can't tougher shit, City Of Killers and it get loose. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Fuck around and pull out my AK and bust yo' ass in the head 
 I'm tryin' to leave you dead with an infrared 
 I never be givin' a fuck about you 
 You got me goin' me crazy. (Got a nigga goin' crazy) 
 You got me goin' crazy. Crazy. 
 TAZ: 
 TAZ the all mighty devil, specialize in the methods of torture 
 So steppin' without a weapon's not a good idea, just thought I'd warn you 
 I'm not your average nigga I'm a Gorilla, just look at the frown on my face 
 Runnin' with the pack, ready to attack 
 Fucked-up and get your whole crew erased 
 If you think I'm playin' come test me 
 Better catch me slippin' to get the best of me 
 Deadly, when me toss this K to you 
 Focused and keep my aim steady 'cause it's serious 
 And I run with killers, dealers and gorillas comin' to get you 
 Better make a move fast, when I blast 
 With no feelings with a firm grip on my trigger 
 Open fire with no hesitation, infiltratin' start eliminatin' 
 Your troops execution style, leavin' 'em face down on the pavement 
 A career with them here, look 'em up and let's see who's the boss 
 Watchin' it get raw, comin' home with 3 hitter quitters 
 That'll beat you up from the back gone, makin' niggas mind 
 Representin' Gorilla Mob to the fullest, let me pull it 
 To the made a mistake and try to give me a break 
 And then use it when you pull it, in the City Of Killers 
 Only the tough and the strong and those who have hearts survive 
 Gorilla Mob's on the rise, nigga. 
 (x2) 
 Well, I'm just lettin' you know don't test me, I'm with the chrome 
 I'm still in my ghetto peel, I'm more than your average nigga from that Mo' 
 Lookin' out the house with a bed with a bullet in the way that clicked your spine 
 And now your cryin' 'cause you realize that your dick can't even get hard. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Got my glock 44 & I think to myself 
 A murderin' I'm gon' grow 
 But I got the fever, for the favor of a big pocket 
 And a blue white, come with the look so sneaky 
 I major in at 175 pounds, ?then I'm gone in a few minutes? 
 Around when I come around, in red Chucks 
 But a nigga can't even see me or hear me, fear me 
 When I'm in a zone of depression, gotta get a crib 
 Gotta get a Lac, but I can't get a job 
 But I really gotta get a weapon, then I be steppin' 
 Really be steppin' & a muthafucker temper 
 Start motivation drainin' really bumpin' the fat 
 And your shit'll get up out your purse 
 Everything I see, I'm claimin' as mine 
 With a muthafuckin' 9, if you don't give and dump 
 Nigga we got good skills and runnin' endo in 
 You don't wanna meet that E, really beat your feet 
 'Cause I don't hesitate to pull a trey 8 to the chest plate 
 Then I want a rake to scrape the plate, with a mouth full of diamonds 
 And the 5th wheel, be steady reclinin' 
 'Cause I got ends on a All Star Lex at first 
 84's & boulder blocks, elbows shinin' 
 Chargin' don't give it up, what it takes don't never retire 
 Gotta get the glock 'cause I gotta be makin' my money 
 By robbin' and stealin' drug dealin' try to make a million 
 And plus thinkin' 'about feddy and runnin' my city 
 In the City Of Killers. 
 (x2) 
 Well, I'm just lettin' you know don't test me, I'm with the chrome 
 I'm still in my ghetto peel, I'm more than your average nigga from that Mo' 
 Lookin' out the house with a bed with a bullet in the way that clicked your spine 
 And now your cryin' 'cause you realize that your dick can't even get hard. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Fuck around and pull out my AK and bust yo' ass in the head 
 I'm tryin' to leave you dead with an infrared 
 I never be givin' a fuck about you 
 You got me goin' me crazy. (Got a nigga goin' crazy) 
 You got me goin' crazy. Crazy.