Say Mike Dean, dig these blues 
 I remember situations as an adolescent 
 I couldn't roll with the homies they'd rather see a nigga steppin'. 
 Was it 'cause I was a "school boy" tryin' to get my grades together? 
 Stayed on the same block but we never played together. 
 All of a sudden, why they wanna come and kick it with Ro? 
 Thinkin' they can get free CD's and free ticket's to show's? no! 
 Pay at the door or you stuck out 
 And if you get in, don't ask for nothin' or get escorted the fuck out! 
 And say lil' mama I ain't tryin' to go to bed with ya. 
 You smokin' thinkin' I'm about to be breakin' bread with ya. 
 Keep my money in my pocket, never leave it with ho's. 
 Put a ring on my own finger 'cause I sleep with zero. 
 I love my enemy's more than friends that's why I treat'em so friendly 
 'Cause they let you know they hate you, but a friend hides his envy. 
 Ain't no use in flaggin' me down while I'm out on a creep 
 If I'm stoppin', my gun's cockin' you droppin'. 
 I live and die one deep! 
 I don't need no help, my nigga, I can do bad on my own 
 And I don't need no company lil' mama, stop ringing my cellular phone 
 When I be down and out, nobody wanna come and kick it 
 I'm a nobody until I can shine. 
 So when the money is long, I don't need nobody to visit 
 Leave me lonely like you did last time. 
 It's the same, every day. every day is the same 
 Dealin' with fraud ass fellas I swear it ain't gonna ever change. 
 Even speakin' on the hood, nigga the hood ain't shit. 
 So when you see me I'm a speak, but that's as good as it gets. 
 But ain't no ridin' with me, gettin' drunk, or gettin' high with me. 
 Ten out of ten I bet you would never ride and die with me. 
 All my drugs are for personal use 'cause I be stressin' bad. 
 Poverty and pain is all I've ever had. 
 I remember I was down in the dumps no one lifted me up. 
 Niggas said I would never make it in music 'cause I wasn't gifted enough 
 So why the hell would I chill with y'all? 
 I'd rather deal with felony charges before I have to deal with y'all 
 It's one cup, one sweet 'cause it's Z-ro only 
 Forever lonely I don't need no phony homey's all up on me 
 'Cause when niggas get to trippin' with their and shit, 
 For me, I bet my homey's won't empty a clip. 
 I live and die one deep! 
 I don't need no help, my nigga, I can do bad on my own 
 And I don't need no company lil' mama, stop ringing my cellular phone 
 When I be down and out, nobody wanna come and kick it 
 I'm a nobody until I can shine. 
 So when the money is long, I don't need nobody to visit 
 Leave me lonely like you did last time. 
 It was hard to dream when I was hooked on codeine 
 Killin' myself slowly on purpose 'cause humans made me nervous. 
 And I knew I'd have to kill one, one day. 
 Then how could I sit up in front of the Lord come Sunday? 
 That's why I eat by myself and I sleep by myself. 
 I'm alone twenty-four seven I'm out here on my own. 
 Plus I'm confident that I would never jack myself 
 For all I know, homicides are homey's watchin' as I stack my wealth. 
 When I was trippin' with my steel pointed dead at my grill, 
 All my "real niggas was laughin'". didn't try to tell me to chill. 
 I ain't ever had a friend like Joseph 
 'Cause he don't give a damn if I ever was on a poster. 
 A skinny ass never had a penny ass nigga, treated like a food stamp 
 Till I dropped a few jams now they diggin' a nigga 
 It's plain and simple to witness, 
 If it wasn't for rappin' who'd give a fuck about my business? 
 Let me live one deep! 
 I don't need no help, my nigga, I can do bad on my own 
 And I don't need no company lil' mama, stop ringing my cellular phone 
 When I be down and out, nobody wanna come and kick it 
 I'm a nobody until I can shine. 
 So when the money is long, I don't need nobody to visit 
 Leave me lonely like you did last time.