Z-Ro: 
 Who else but me can see the state of emergency that we face? 
 'Cause wearin' of certain clothin' can get a brother a case 
 Talkin' pants, Air Force Ones & a baseball cap 
 It's casual, but to authorities it mean you sellin' crack 
 It's A Shame I can't ride on the rich side of town 
 Without bein' pulled over, thrown on the hood and patted down 
 Searchin' my person for weapons and drug paraphernalia 
 It's rough on a thug that's what I'm tellin' ya 
 When I say thug, I don't mean I'm supposed to be locked behind bars 
 'Cause my acronym for thug is True Hero Under God 
 But still I'm a criminal 'cause I got gold teeth 
 Ain't no justice for blacks, just us with no sleep 
 And they wonder why I keep a Glock 40 on my hip 
 'Cause Houston police department love to empty full clips. 
 Accidental death? Bullshit! They murdered all my eses 
 Chinga tu madre de policina {?} puente 
 If they get out of line, I get out of line 
 I'll be damn if I don't fight for my freedom and don't mind dyin' 
 Already got one foot in the grave, ain't shit for me to jump in 
 Almost overdosin' on codeine, heart barely pumpin' 
 I'm high all the time, straight addicted 
 Paranoid, my dog might be a detective, so I don't wanna kick it 
 Even though I don't rob banks or sell street rocks 
 I still be callin' collect to Trae to say, come bail me out 
 This crooked ass America, I swear they got some game 
 Every city I travel to, the situation the same 
 I can't even say it's racial 'cause I got some white friends 
 Then again, they get patted 'cause I'm not a white friend 
 It's A Shame. 
 (Chorus: Z-Ro) 
 Bad enough they wanna follow me around the store 
 Like I'm a steal somethin' thinkin' I ain't got no dough 
 And if I die tonight, they'll think I did a crime for it 
 Offer me 25, insistin' that I sign for it 
 Why I can't drive a fancy ride and rock diamonds and gold 
 Why every time I shine you wanna crucify my soul 
 Under investigation 'cause the ghetto on parole 
 Something's wrong, if I'm not flowin' It's A Shame. 
 Z-Ro: 
 27 years of struggle is all I saw 
 I done lost homies to homies and homies to the law 
 Everywhere I lay my head, there been homicides 
 I done seen so many murders since the day my mama died. 
 I ain't lyin'. Will I remit? Will I survive? Can I breathe? 
 'Cause I don't see too many Christians just murderers and thieves 
 And I never seen a man cry, until I seen a man die 
 But he was tryin' to do me so I had to make that man fly. 
 Will the authorities understand self-defense? 
 All they give a damn about is who did it and evidence 
 Screamin' guilty to take another thug off the street 
 Prejudiced prosecutors can't keep no blood off the street 
 I'm one deep, if I gotta use my burner, I'm safe 
 I ain't gotta go "Rollin' on the River" like Tina Turner 
 'Cause this crooked ass America, I swear they got some game 
 Innocent until never found guilty, but still in chains 
 It's A Shame. 
 (Chorus: Z-Ro) 
 Bad enough they wanna follow me around the store 
 Like I'm a steal somethin' thinkin' I ain't got no dough 
 And if I die tonight, they'll think I did a crime for it 
 Offer me 25, insistin' that I sign for it 
 Why I can't drive a fancy ride and rock diamonds and gold 
 Why every time I shine you wanna crucify my soul 
 Under investigation 'cause the ghetto on parole 
 Something's wrong, if I'm not flowin' It's A Shame.