Chorus: Z- Ro) 
 ...Time to let the truth be tooooold, 
 It ain't no brighter dayyyyyys, 
 'Cause when it all unfooolds, 
 A nigga gon' just pass awayeeeee. 
 These haters tryinna stop my griiiind, 
 But I bet them hoes can't block my shiiiiine, 
 So tired of taking losses, Not this time, 
 I can't save the whole world, I'm just tryinna look out for mine... 
 (Verse 1: Z-Ro) 
 Aye 
 I've been gettin' alot of exposure 
 Lately on niggaz' songs, and in they videos. 
 'Cause they know I'm an O.G. 
 Not an Original Gangster but an Orginized General 
 They see pullin' up in my 300 bangin' 
 Gators on my feet and jewelry danglin 
 Everybody love they way I look on the ouside 
 But inside I be painin, Is it every gonna stop rainin? 
 Nothin' but thunderstorm clouds over above me 
 Shit I used to break my back to make sure my niggaz was straight 
 Let The Truth Be Told Lyrics 
 But they still don't love me. 
 That's why it's 'No More Pain' on my lower arm 
 And '1 Deep' tatted on my other arm 
 If you see me lookin' in y'all direction 
 I'm not about to speak, finna do you mutha fuckas harm. 
 Got 17 albums and they all sellin 
 So tell me why the fuck my pockets ain't swellin 
 And I ain't neva did nothing to nobody, that didn't have it comin' to them 
 Bitch, I'm a fellon, Felt like I was failin, 
 God tell me when I'm gon' win, 
 You know when I'm blessed, 
 You know when I'm gon sin, 
 You were there at the begginin of my days, 
 I'm just hopin I see you after all my days end. 
 And I don't give a damn what these people say, 
 Half the people in the church got evil ways, 
 I was just lookin' to make a lil' scrilla, 
 But it turned a lil' christian into a lil' killa 
 From ablel to label, and gun to rifle. 
 It's a forward march, ain't no time to retreat. 
 If you able to save a nation, go head, 
 But I'm strugglin to get myself somethin' to eat. 
 (Chorus: Z- Ro) 
 Time to let the truth be tooooold, 
 It ain't no brighter dayyyyyys, 
 'Cause when it all unfooolds, 
 A nigga gon' just pass awayeeeee. 
 These haters tryinna stop my griiiind, 
 But I bet them hoes can't block my shiiiiine, 
 So tired of taking losses, Not this time, 
 I can't save the whole world, I'm just tryinna look out for mine... 
 (Verse 2: Lil' Keke) 
 Yup, Yup 
 No more strugglin backwards, Hustlin this is my year 
 I've been in the game since '95 
 Bitch! I'm still here 
 I hear the background that side talk and cheap bumpin 
 If you don't like who I signed, Swisha House nigga! 
 Just 6 months ago they said 'Da Don' was all over 
 But, I just tight my flow and built the buzz and came colder 
 I toucht them street G's, Them go gettas, And crack stars 
 You 6 feet deep or some where sleep behind them iron bars 
 'Cause I done knocked off plenty cars and... 
 Off plenty hoes 
 Done pulled up plenty shows 
 Candy paint and glass vogues. 
 Look at 'em whisperin... 
 Like some hoes on the sideline 
 They 2nd streamin and cheerleadin while I'm gettin' mine 
 I know I've been down, can't wait ti'll the next round 
 Tomorrows', tomorrow 
 But today nigga it's right now 
 It's Ke' and 'Ro and fa' sho that's a gangsta hit 
 Get up out our life, hoe 
 Get up off our dick, Trick! 
 (Chorus: Z- Ro) 
 Time to let the truth be tooooold, 
 It ain't no brighter dayyyyyys, 
 'Cause when it all unfooolds, 
 A nigga gon' just pass awayeeeee. 
 These haters tryinna stop my griiiind, 
 But I bet them hoes can't block my shiiiiine, 
 So tired of taking losses, Not this time, 
 I can't save the whole world, I'm just tryinna look out for mine...