(Tribute to Big Mello) 
 I really hate it that we Lost Another Soldier 
 Time and time it seems this world be gettin' colder 
 You never really know when your time gon' be over 
 It feel like it's forever ridin' on our shoulders. 
 Trae: 
 Why did I have to say goodbye? This life the best here, kneel down & I cry 
 I can't lie heavenly father, why all of my real niggas gotta fight 
 It was just like yesterday we lost DJ Screw, now B I G M E double L O 
 Somebody feel my pain before I be alone & I'm about this sure 
 I can't take no more we'll mask together, wreckin' the stage together 
 We shine together, we ride forever, pull back in the shop together 
 Step on the block together damn, it'll be okay 
 I got a certified plack that's on the way 
 Trae, Dougie D. & Z-Ro gotta ride for the dog 
 Gotta grind for the dog, put it down for the dog 
 I love my dog & I don't wanna lose no more 
 Big Mello I got you & I'm fin to tell everybody all about you 
 This life we live is hard, you was another gift to my life 
 You and Screw & I'm missin' you and now that I think about it, heavenly. 
 Tony Montana: 
 Heavenly father I ain't the one to question your will, or what is it to be done? 
 But these cemeteries get you acquainted to all of my homies 
 And this time it's Mello & I just don't understand why that he gone 
 And the only thing that keepin' me from cryin' is blowin' up on this do do 
 Like ones in the ghetto, we learn to shock and rock cash that rip flows 
 And you ain't givin' a fuck if you want to click shit you live on 
 You said, my heart in the light muthafucker, we gon' represent my nigga 
 Put the deuce up by the roof, yellin' out what it do for you my nigga 
 Wreckin' the microphone till 10 and keepin' it crunk for you already 
 And the plan to get the lab before prayin' with Grandma on that Thursday 
 Know we gon' ride until then whenever the last your ass gon' be missed 
 And we gon' hold it down up on the ground till we meet up in Heaven. 
 I really hate it that we Lost Another Soldier 
 Time and time it seems this world be gettin' colder 
 You never really know when your time gon' be over 
 It feel like it's forever ridin' on our shoulders. 
 Dougie D.: 
 I'm gon' ride till I'm wit ya, damn I really miss ya 
 I just don't understand why he had to come and get ya 
 You always kept it positive, paintin' perfect pictures 
 A soldier with the heart of a lion, a bold heart nigga 
 Much respect dog, never will you ever be forgotten 
 Salvation's in your corner now, down here you got non-stoppin' 
 Realizin' that you're gone, it's really hard to swallow 
 Tomorrow ain't promised, we livin' time that's borrowed 
 I wish there was another way that death could be defeated 
 You left us all in shock, our souls have been depleted 
 Till we join you we gon' mourn you, keep the mic on for you 
 16 shots of loot to the K & Day soldier. 
 Z-Ro: 
 We livin' in war times on time by the hard times. Will it ever get better? 
 My niggas be losin' they life over some of that punk ass cheddar 
 Everybody gotta have that, so we gotta get up and get that there 
 The best way we can, everyday is a struggle 
 And every morning, 6 fellas with a casket in they hand 
 And it just don't stop, seems like every time a brother fin to reach the top 
 Shut the fuck up, Heaven always has a road block, another real nigga drop 
 And it's always close to home, paranoid of my people I tote my chrome 
 Packin' that plastic in the middle of the night, I gotta protect my dome 
 Lookin' for the reason why my nigga ain't breathin' 
 God damn I'm hurtin' this evening. Why the fuck Big Curtis leave? 
 And I wanna go with him 'cause I can't stay breathin' 
 Everyday it's a different thing, broke loose of the drama, loose of the pain 
 Feel like I'm goin' insane, the rap game will never be the same. 
 I really hate it that we Lost Another Soldier 
 Time and time it seems this world be gettin' colder 
 You never really know when your time gon' be over 
 It feel like it's forever ridin' on our shoulders. 
 Cl'Che: 
 You never know, you never know, when it's your time to go 
 To the top of the rope till you can't climb no more 
 We miss your energy and your spirit around the studio Big Mello, Big Mello 
 My partner, my friend, my labelmate to the end 
 I'll always remember how you brought the light in 
 Tellin' the world what it do, through all of your songs 
 I heard I just can't imagine life here, since you gone. 
 This is my cry for you, this is Cl'Che's cry for you. 
 Another Southside Soldier gone, oh. 
 I really hate it that we Lost Another Soldier 
 Time and time it seems this world be gettin' colder 
 You never really know when your time gon' be over 
 It feel like it's forever ridin' on our shoulders.