Z-Ro: 
 Say Mike D. Dig these blues... 
 Here I go again, runnin' off at the mouth about buster's 
 Muthafucker's just mad at me 'cause they diamonds ain't up in cluster's 
 Too many times I done paid my dues 
 Even today I'm still payin' 'em fool. 
 "Could it be the reason I'm so cold in the rap game is muthafuckin' pain!" 
 I'm screamin' "Jesus, I need a better way of life!" 
 'Cause at the rate I travel now, I can't decide a day from night 
 Still the King of The Ghetto, the ghetto is where I lay my head at, evade feds at and break bread at 
 These some of my bitches got a nigga fucked up, my attitude is already rude 
 And too many people make me paranoid, so I'll wet a bitch & I'll wet a dude 
 Straight like that I don't give a damn I'm Gangstafied, from toe to head, enough said 
 Flippin' in a gangsta ride and when it get gangsta, a gangsta will bust heads 
 It's in my blood, I'm a muthafuckin' thug, even though I know better 
 My only love is for my gorillas and for the cheddar 
 So all you mark ass niggas get the fuck up outta dodge 
 Get your life right with God, then if you want war let's go to war! 
 Z-Ro: 
 It be a bunch of drama on my block, my partner accidentally shot his mama on my block 
 Tryin' to survive in the Land Of The Lost, hopin' I can at least find me 
 'Cause back in high school ain't now one of my teachers reached me 
 I wasn't cuttin' up in class, I had money on my mind 
 Visualizin' a muthafuckin' come up, ready to get up and grind 
 Chasin' paper like a muthafucker, me and buddy Ro, movin' ounce after ounce after ounce of that yayo 
 Makin' money what I love to do, but my freedom is pendin' and if I get caught slippin' my freedom is endin' nigga I'm playin' it safe 
 100's & 50's & 20's & 10's & 5's, some 1's up in my safe, 357 & a .40 & a .44 up in my waist a maniac 
 Trigger happy and don't give a fuck what I be aimin' at 
 Ridgemont for live forever I'm claimin' that. Ridgemont for live forever I'm claimin' that. 
 Z-Ro: 
 My niggas be killin' each other behind these busted bitches 
 I would rather be spendin' my time in a drop top, somethin' out on switches 
 With a sack of that shit, so I can calm my nerves down 
 Dealin' with bitch nigga after bitch nigga I'm ready to release rounds 
 Out of the mini .14 I'm a shoot till it's over with, ain't nobody gon' stud up 
 Another one bites the dust, I'm throwin' that pud up. Nigga what? 
 I'm ready to kill & I'm ready to die for 'cause for my life 
 The reason why I'm anti-social and built a way around my life 
 Ain't nobody but me 
 Z-Ro The Crooked in the flesh 
 Mo' City Texas ain't no fashion show, niggas come here and meet death 
 It'll be a battleground with nothin' but dead enemies of myself 
 'Cause when I be clickin' I be feelin' a strange energy within' myself 
 I never be givin' a damn about it because it be feelin' so live 
 So when I be doin' that there, don't fuck with me and take me outta my vibe, nigga 
 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4 never gonna let the game go... fo' sho'.