Z-Ro: 
 Lately I've been goin' through more bullshit than a bull fighter 
 So when I say my praises to God one verse is like a full choir 
 My every thought is pain, strain and stressin' me to death 
 Everyday is like a rehearsal that's preppin' me for death 
 I think I'm ready because this world ain't no friend of mine 
 Only thing I qualify for is murder and Penitentiary time 
 Y'all should've shot me, in the jimmy instead 
 But I guess they was feelin' each other to get head in the bed 
 Here I am, first born torn between Heaven and hell 
 I tell my people say no to dope, but I let it sell 
 Need to practice my preachin' callin' the kettle black 
 I know I'm on pot before or not, I gotta peddle crack 
 Ain't nobody got my back except the laws when they on it 
 So I be goin' for broke demolishin' my opponents 
 Leavin' no traces just blood on faces, believe that 
 HK I'm a squeeze that, you won't even want be back. 
 I got through So Much, so I try to stay fucked up 
 Because, when I'm sober I can't maintain 
 Even though I do my best, the only thing I earn is stress 
 So I spend most of my days chillin' with Mary Jane. 
 Z-Ro: 
 I can't focus, I'm losin' my mind real fast 
 Dreamin' and fiendin' for the day, I could make some real cash 
 Droppin' album after album, platinum song after song 
 But it's like I ain't did nothin' 'cause the lights ain't on. 
 How can I win? It's like everything I do is a muthafuckin' sin 
 It got a nigga fiendin' to see my end 
 All of my friends are fake, they come around when I'm spendin' cash 
 But when I'm broke they out the door' with wheels spinnin' fast 
 Lonely, daily dodgin' the devil but he on me 
 Tellin' my people fuck him 'cause he be workin' through my homies 
 Burnin' bridges & I don't give a fuck. 
 Remember y'all laughin' at me when I couldn't get a buck? 
 It's all gravy baby, I got bigger hurdles I'm tryin' to jump over my residence 
 And my vehicle is something I dump over 
 And it might not be much, but it's all I got 
 So when I paint it, promethazyne is all I pop. 
 I got through So Much, so I try to stay fucked up 
 Because, when I'm sober I can't maintain 
 Even though I do my best, the only thing I earn is stress 
 So I spend most of my days chillin' with Mary Jane. 
 Z-Ro: 
 I'm on pre-trial now & I can't smoke no weed 
 'Cause if I catch a dirty, I'm facin' T I M E 
 My first time ever sober, it's fuckin' with my brain 
 Got a nigga with an attitude, I can't maintain 
 If you cross me I'll bring it to you hard, not softly 
 Livin' like I'm invincible, one day it's gonna cost me 
 When it's time to pay up & I lay up in a grave 
 Bury me with a 50 sack & a muthafuckin' 12 gauge 
 Hey, no love in my heart 
 'Cause my homies was phony straight from the muthafucking start. 
 Why couldn't I get a ride, if I ain't have no weed? 
 These muthafuckers ain't my people, they gotta be strangers up a reverend breed 
 So I bless the streets with my Smith 'N' Wesson 
 And if you beefin' with me nigga better get your weapon 
 You better pray that I'm on codeine & I'm just trippin' 
 But I won't let you add up to my problems, I will leave you trippin'. Because... 
 I got through So Much, so I try to stay fucked up 
 Because, when I'm sober I can't maintain 
 Even though I do my best, the only thing I earn is stress 
 So I spend most of my days chillin' with Mary Jane.