Z-Ro: 
 Since I been rollin' by myself, I keep that bitch Nina with me 
 And if you my enemy, you don't wanna be the last nigga that seen her with me 
 Z-Ro haters be makin' my attitude rude 
 Fuck around and get stole on if you fuck up my moves 
 Dude, finally I found myself, I had to stop blowin' that kick 'em 
 'Cause eventually I would've drowned myself 
 I already need a anger management class 
 See if a buster cross me, it don't matter the situation I damage his ass. 
 Soldier that's what I be. 
 So bitch, why are you tryin' to play me like a H O E? 
 Turn me loose so I can make it to the T O P 
 It's like I'm in a bucket full of C R A B's. 
 But I keep climbin' & I keep on rhymin' while they be bumpin' they gums 
 Lookin' at my diamonds whinin' and blindin' no dumpin' they guns 
 'Cause they can't see me, bitch I'm invisible to the hate 
 Thugged off in my kitchen cuttin' chemicals in my cakes. 
 (Chorus: Z-Ro) 
 Talkin' Down On Me from a safe place, now I'm in your face. 
 What you gon' do now? 
 Barrettas and Rugas on my person, they would do you if I burst 'em. 
 What you gon' do now? 
 Mo' City my block showin' no pity for cops if you trespass. 
 You done fucked up now. 
 No bustin' in the sky first one through your thigh, second one's a chest blast. 
 I done lucked you out now. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Niggas be cool in my face, but hate behind my back 
 Talk Down On Me in front of me, but not behind my ghat 
 I bet you won't do that, I bet you scared of that iron 
 Perpetratin' like you a gorilla, sellin' drinks in line 
 You ain't never seen the Pen nigga, the penitentiary 
 They talk rehabilitation, but look at what it did to me 
 I smoke more and sip more than ever before 
 Muthafuckers get on my nerves, so I lean on that dro 
 Tryin' to keep on droppin' a bomb on the bitch-made 
 Don't be lookin' surprised, y'all made it this way 
 I got a Vendetta with lifts that be tryin' to sink me 
 Sendin' their friends after me and tryin' to link me 
 To aggravated robbery and strong-arm jackin' 
 Tryin' to throw me off my note, so I can't do no stackin' 
 Johnny Cochran over lawyer got me out on bail 
 Lookin' for niggas that was plottin' on receivin' my mail. 
 (Chorus: Z-Ro] [x2) 
 Talkin' Down On Me from a safe place, now I'm in your face. 
 What you gon' do now? 
 Barrettas and Rugas on my person, they would do you if I burst 'em. 
 What you gon' do now? 
 Mo' City my block showin' no pity for cops if you trespass. 
 You done fucked up now. 
 No bustin' in the sky first one through your thigh, second one's a chest blast. 
 I done lucked you out now.