(Feat. Mýa) 
 Z-Ro: 
 God Damn. God Damn. 
 When will a nigga get a break? 
 I work so damn hard but I never come up I do worse with every breath I take. 
 Sunshine is a luxury. 
 Just to see another day is enough for me. 
 'Cause I'm livin' on borrowed time. 
 The next funeral I go to might be mine. It might be mine. 
 God Damn, I'm tryin' to hold on to my fade. 
 They used to tell me it was gonna get greater later. Later. 
 Now it's later & I'm still in the same place. 
 Anytime I get off the ground. 
 Grabbin' the bucket ass niggas pull me back down. 
 Fall flat on my fade. 
 Feelin' helpless and it's written all over my face. 
 Z-Ro & Mýa together: 
 Here we go again just to live another season. 
 I keep my faith in God to face these demons. 
 Sometimes I win the battle, but it doesn't mean I win the war. 
 I got to laugh to keep from cryin' good times I really wonder what they are. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Even if I fell there's no reason to feel ashamed 
 'Cause I use to lose I had an opportunity to play in the game 
 I can't be stopped, 98% from the field 
 But they won't pass the rock 
 Even though I'm wide open for the shot 
 Got me ready to scream "Fuck my team" 
 Seem like the players I'm runnin' with don't want me to touch my dream 
 With my own hands I'm Tired of makin' money in the name of brothers 
 I'm tryin' to touch it with my own hands 
 Make me wanna rob a bank sometime 
 But then I'd have to spend my life my life my life my life 
 Dunken one time 
 And end up back in the pen 
 So I'm stuck as a starter paid as if I'm ridin' a Benz 
 I know it be lookin' like I'm rich but I'm not 
 I just how to take what I got and whip it until it looks like alot 
 Sometimes I wanna give up 
 But when I look at my daughter I pick my chin up, I got to survive. 
 Z-Ro & Mýa together: 
 Here we go again just to live another season. 
 I keep my faith in God to face these demons. 
 Sometimes I win the battle, but it doesn't mean I win the war. 
 I got to laugh to keep from cryin' good times I really wonder what they are. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Too Many Niggas tryin' to take me off of my game. 
 I'm tryin' to do somethin' good but because I'm from the hood I always end up in these chains. 
 When you see me in the town you ain't got to slow down I'm in love with my own company. 
 Foney homies see me on the TV & I can see 'em comin' to get me in my sleep. 
 That's why I'm stayin' sucker free. 
 'Cause dealin' with Hard Times is enough for me. 
 I don't need No Help my nigga, I can do bad on my own. 
 I'm so Tired (Tired) Tired (Tired) Tired (Tired) 
 I'm so Tired (Tired) Tired (Tired) Tired. 
 But I'm a keep on pushin'. 
 Z-Ro & Mýa together: 
 Here we go again just to live another season. 
 I keep my faith in God to face these demons. 
 Sometimes I win the battle, but it doesn't mean I win the war. 
 I got to laugh to keep from cryin' good times I really wonder what they are. 
 Mýa: 
 What They Are?