Z-Ro: 
 Where Is The Love? 
 Where Is The Love? 
 Z-Ro: 
 Nobody loves me but I prefer to keep it like that 
 'Cause most friends are falsified tryin' to steal out your stack 
 So I keep my partners to a minimum even though I know half can't be trusted 
 The only feelin' in the world might steal your girl if I know flesh was lusted 
 Nigga now who was to blame for the pain 'cause fuckin' with me nigga you get sprayed 
 Hardheaded that's like fuckin' a bitch with no condom 
 And knowin' that hoe got aids, better be smart, better keep your distance 
 Ain't got elements from loose leaf pages 
 When I'm goin' off in the rage of furious chambers of twin gauges 
 My calico murders offendin' my mind and my mind is so ready to click 
 Better freeze, better not breathe all I want is the money 
 Remember you dead if you twitch 'cause I'm a killer that's killin' for cash 
 I show no car crash when I'm stealin' your stash 
 Don't fill in the streets because I'm too fast 
 But never revealin' what's under my mask 
 I'm makin' a dash, I jump in the Hoover & I smash 
 With a foot on the gas and then I'm off in the night 
 A nigga was buried alive but he really should've died dig him up his coffin' too tight 
 A nigga was showin' a buster love, but now it's huntin' for a buster season 
 And he can't be the reason to run in your crib and leave you bleedin'. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Where Is The Love? 
 Where Is The Love? 
 Where Is The Love? 
 Nigga, where your love, maine? 
 Where Is The Love? 
 (Talking) 
 The question at hand is where's your muthafuckin' love? 
 I'm a do like that boy Al D said 
 I'm showin' love to the ones that showed love back 
 Fuck friends, so Mexican D. Grady. 
 You know where your love at? 
 Z-Ro: 
 I was raised to never let 'em see me sweat 
 And how to dodge bullets never let 'em hit my chest 
 I saw the ways of the wise and how to live in peace 
 But fate said we got to stand and fight the beast with open eyes 
 Which means I got to keep my Glock, on a day to day basis 
 Always protect myself and no more catchin' murder cases 
 Niggas will try to erase me and that's a fact, but if I got to go 
 Nigga I be damn if my trigger finger isn't pullin' back 
 I had niggas I was real with and use to chill with 
 Now they comin' to me with the drama that I can't deal with 
 I think they out to get me but I can't let 'em, just like Pac and Spice 1 
 The jealous got me strapped, so when I go to sprayin' I'm a wet him 
 I had love for y'all, I use to cut for y'all 
 Nigga we was family I shed blood for y'all 
 But now you hate me 'cause of my progress, you want me dead 
 I'm waitin' on you niggas you know my address 
 But if my name is on the bullet & I die, you got to lay it down one day 
 Guess who gon' be waitin' on the other side 
 Go on and pull your pistol from your belt, but no man can take my life away from me until I lay it down my damn self 
 Tried to kill me once and paralyze my mobility 
 Now that I can walk again don't even think about gettin' me 
 Not sayin' I won't die, you hoes can try to murder me and get me 
 And if I kick the fuck it nigga, fuck it you kickin' it with me 
 'Cause I'm a be tryin' my best to put to the rest 'cause you don't understand 
 That I ain't down with dyin' at the hands of another man. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Where Is The Love? 
 Where Is The Love? 
 Nigga, where your love, maine? 
 Where Is The Love? Oh.