Z-Ro: 
 My mind just goes off and wonders 'cause it ain't stable 
 See I be fantasizin' 'about puttin' food on the table 
 'Cause in the ghetto my hood, prison is promised to us 
 Some of us let hell teach us, some let college do it 
 They think I'm nothin' 'cause I don't get up and get a job 
 But I be tryin' the only thing I get is gettin' hard 
 I'm sick and tired of bein' sick and tired, holla if you hear me and you're with me now 
 Got my life right with God 
 You haters come and get me now, 50 rounds is what I'm a destrand 
 That's on my mama God rest her soul 
 Nigga picture me playin' foes gon' bleed and deed follow my lead 
 When I'm sober I can't focus, pass that seed to me 
 And dedications all day long 
 Seems like when I'm goin' through it my partners stay gone, but it's all gravy baby 
 'Cause I want you to hate me, calico gon' stay off safety 
 Murder muthafuckers if they make me. 
 (Chorus: Z-Ro) 
 Will I Go Crazy? I don't know. 
 The pain is fuckin' with me lately, but here it don't show. 
 I can't let it faze me 'cause I can't stop. 
 I'm more than just the ghetto lately 'cause I'm a reach the top. 
 Miss Dameanor: 
 Like 2Pac I be the last muthafucker in this bitch freezin' 
 And feel me money over niggas be my pledge of allegiance 
 Whether I sang or I heat you, I'm a wait till I'm sinkin' 
 No dirt inside my credentials, bitches gon' have they own reasons 
 This how we up in the game, I'm 'about my paper fuck fame 
 The last day you gon' see we roll down feelin' shame 
 This how the lessons gangstafied been a chaser since youth 
 Bet not go squabblin' for respect to see who got the most juice 
 I been a witness to the struggle, days and spots have been missed 
 The devil huffin' like a wolf, that's why I'm buildin' with bricks 
 I seen and heard plenty shit, from ghetto baby to woman 
 It's either keep your head above the water or get swept under 
 Been a gorilla in the midst, this matchin' soldier be marchin' 
 Now valet and curb service more sauce for handicap parkin' 
 When more days get brighter my tribulations get lighter 
 What's more shalant about my life, now I'm a Southern street fighter! 
 (Chorus: Z-Ro) 
 Will I Go Crazy? I don't know. 
 The pain is fuckin' with me lately, but here it don't show. 
 I can't let it faze me 'cause I can't stop. 
 I'm more than just the ghetto lately 'cause I'm a reach the top. 
 Z-Ro: 
 Don't be tellin' me 'about no riff-raff, I'm buster-free 
 All about my wealthy, I don't need nobody to fuck with me 
 I'm a keep my 12 gauge, the only company I need 
 Can't forget about hydro & a paint of codeine 
 Flippin' to Austin comin' from Houston on a mission to make feddy 
 Either stop fuckin' with some of my people 'cause they wasn't ready 
 But the whole wide world, it's just me and my dreams 
 And anybody roll glock is gon' be seein' my beam. 
 Miss Dameanor: 
 Went from dirt packs to platinum, watch the jealous one hatin' 
 To see who's real from the fake and thank the Lord what I make 
 Hard times brought tears, misery if you last 
 Realize I wasn't gon' be shit if I didn't get off my ass 
 For the ones who was there anticipated my fall 
 I cry still on death field, but I can ball and stood tall 
 Now Miss Dameanor live lavage, went from broke to hood rich 
 Plan to live to the fullest, then I'm up outta this bitch! 
 (Chorus: Z-Ro] [x2) 
 Will I Go Crazy? I don't know. 
 The pain is fuckin' with me lately, but here it don't show. 
 I can't let it faze me 'cause I can't stop. 
 I'm more than just the ghetto lately 'cause I'm a reach the top.