(Gun loaded) 
 (Gun cocks) 
 Hehehe! 
 Yeah, fuck this nigga man! This nigga's gay, this nigga had a tongue-ring! 
 Any nigga want it: "That's all I need to here's a nigga had tongue-ring on top of that! " 
 Oh yeah... 
 'Member, Sisqo had a Sun on his stomach! (hehehehehehe!) 
 That-that Sun shit on his neighbor'... 
 And nigga got that shit on his chest! You can see thi'... you can still see this shit! 
 He tryna covered-over to N.W.A shit. (hahahahahaaah!) 
 Youkno'msayin'? 
 Plus... the nigga was a stripper! 
 Never the not been a stripper! (hehehe!) 
 On top of that his favorite player or basketball player was Dennis Rodman! (hhhhhhahaha!) 
 So you know the nigga is a fuckin' word of man. 
 Not even got the butterfly on his eyes, that shit startin' come-out man, let's get this nigga! 
 (Hahahahahaha!) [beat starts] 
 Yeah! 
 Willy! South Phoenix! (GGG-GGG-GGG- G-UUUUUNIT!) 
 Let's keep this nigga man! 
 HotRod, Carnegie whattup? 
 Let's go! 
 G-Unit! 
 And this is the last supper! - Hit I'm sayin' in the middle arm 
 This is straight from the heart! - No gimmicks and no weathers! 
 After them on the table. Whattup Bank$? Whattup Buck? (whattup?) 
 Whattup 50? Whattup Yay'? She's about the gift walk. (hahahahaha!) 
 What?! - I ain't supposed to beef 'cause I'm brand new, 
 Nigga you a rot; if I'm motherfuckin' hand you! 
 A couple of dollars can't (uh!) put ya daughter in college, (yeah!) 
 The slad of the cop niggas the talk greasy! 
 Game, Joe and Jada that shit is too easy! 
 Gets a new off Willy! Y'all about to meet Willy! 
 A beef stop, brand this nigga 50 to: "Free Willy! " 
 First off this nigga Game, bangin' the little red, homie. (uh!) 
 Dead rappers carrot on you, always been yo' dead homies! 
 Nigga I know yo' past off got that tat on yo' neck, 
 You got a big enough to cop'-off that Crip set, 
 Yeah, yeah! Game flick! Game you's to be a Crip! 
 Curtis Junior High was no Bloods, all rips! 
 I got fam' in Carlson, I got fam' in Compton! (uh!) 
 You pretty young thing! Faggot-ass tongue-ring! 
 You disloyal nigga, just let me know one thing! 
 You was creep to this job and wanna came the Joe! 
 And Jadakiss! - That's why wanna Game became a hoe! 
 You talk to alot of shit to Irv and lil' bro, (uh!) 
 Who was scept of the competition, cause Ja had lil' flows! 
 50 put yo' wonderers ring when you have no tats, 
 When you had no game, when you had no starps! (uh!) 
 When you had no name, you call my nigga rap shit! (what niggas?) 
 Game gay, how the fuck you this Jay? 
 And turn around with' apologises to next day! (hahahahaha!) 
 I see the bitch in this nigga, just like a' X-Ray! 
 You better keep the Doctor if you wanna stay pay! 
 And ain't a 'Squad' of 'Terror' - sister porno error! 
 Fat Joe, fat funky! Bittin' ass to sweat junky! 
 Joe garbage to nigga rap retarted! 
 You can't go platinum, so how the fuck got artist? (hahahahaha!) 
 +Lean Back+, back with ass, ya whole fuckin' Squad WACK! 
 New King of the jungle, yolla couple a bar caps (ha!) 
 I'm too cleaver, came beatin' with the G-Unit! 
 Came cheatin'! - Ready for war, 2000 languages! 
 2000 poor laps and 2000 crunches! 
 For Jada and his punches I'm hittin' straight for Yonkers! 
 WHATCH the Locks fake, they Willy game no shooters. 
 WHY? It's only hit came from a G-Unit producer! 
 WHY? These niggas talk tough - like they robbed off Griffy. 
 And turn around and get robbin', did a show with Diddy. (faggot-ass niggas!) 
 You niggas is titty! You niggas is pussy! - Pull up your dushes! 
 Back in a day, I witta hooped-up to pushes. (uh!) 
 The Towards back in a day when out was runnin' you pushes! (uh!) 
 Wasn't a Locks niggas money, power, respect?! 
 Puff Daddy was a pimp - did y'all ever give a check? 
 Did y'all ever give respect? Did y'all ever have power? 
 This last time I check every album when sold, oh shit! 
 Fuck the Locks! Fat Joe and them other guys! 
 How was my nigga Wog in a table of butterfly? (youkno'msayin'?) 
 Back to the Game, you a trouble, you gay-hoe! 
 You use to be a stripper when N.W.A flows! 
 Get it off your chess nigga! Let Eazy rest nigga! 
 Willy sign, you ain't never had a West nigga! 
 Wild-Wild-West flow out the best nigga, 
 I ain't from the Coast, but I'm a Wild West ghost! 
 A South Phoenix's wack, and far from the Game wookie! (yeah!) 
 South Phoenix love me on Broa'way I'm talkie! (yeah!) 
 Get the fuck about yo' five shots - colla-banga-pop! 
 Did 'at give 'em street cradle on block? - NO! 
 You had a skulla shit! Game was on some colla shit! 
 I heard that mixtape, I laugh that's he talk, 
 A Blood say: "If I was a Crip, I C-Walk! " (hahahahaha!) 
 What the fucked it say? This nigga's gay! (hehe!) 
 Shoots tell to them Broa'way gangsta's 
 6-O, two way, the nigga that carrer is wanksta! 
 50 you tried! You shoulda poor with this scapt to the sign, 
 Started his past and know this pepper is too just fag! 
 Change Of Heart! That nigga got this, but ain't lame bra 
 And said daddy: "Watch the hoe, show what is the came Squad! " 
 Come on man! I had two exposses flat face, 
 Mush face, tongue-ring, either bitch push face! 
 Hollywood Blood, fake Hollwood thug! 
 50 doin' movies with mad Hollywood plock. 
 To tell all I'm on G-Unot pick a sign slaves! 
 That's happy the world - G-Unot paid! 
 All that talk tough DVD is bluff! 
 Nigga you ain't a same sting! You can't even touch Yuk! 
 50 smart - if you wanna to he can find you, 
 He can touch you - and a broke niggas behind you! (hahahahaha!) 
 Nigga! - I gotta hoes stay behind me, that's cowar! (yeah!) 
 Untouchable! - You couldn't rap Willy in the shower! 
 'Cause when I hit the Game, I'm started with 50Cents! 
 I made Young Bucks! - BANK$ EVER SENDS, NIGGA! 
 Yeah 
 Hahahaha! 
 Fuck you nigga! Fuck all y'all niggas! 
 Oh, now my nigga rat, huh? 
 Hit a snitch, use to raw with the nigga! 
 The nigga put money in yo' pocket nigga, want be no Game! 
 Youkno'msayin'? 
 You disloyal nigga! 
 Just imagine it, got scar! 
 When it's, when it's time to beef with the nigga, you-you cracked-up on tha presser! 
 You scarry from some industry niggas! 
 You want bill for that G-Unit shit nigga, it's competition in this game right now! 
 Fake-ass nigga! 
 Been on the DVD... you want to the nigga house! 
 The nigga put, the nigga want EVEN AT HOME! Youkno'msayin'? 
 Y'all niggas is... like high school kids and shit, man! 
 This nigga sign a deals for movies and y'all niggas in... in a motherfuckin' woods! 
 Lookin' at the nigga crib, nigga! 
 Gay-ass niggas! 
 You ain't no Block niggas! 
 Nigga shoot a hop an' fiends nigga, not gon' on a dough! 
 Trust passin' nigga! 
 That's a legal reason to pop yo' ass! 
 Talkin' all that street shit, nigga you fake nigga, I see to that shit! 
 You gon' foodies motherfuckin' fiends nigga, but you can't full of real nigga. 
 Youkno'msayin'? 
 I know the Blood niggas out there... 
 Hey man, I'm a tell you like this nigga! 
 It's whatever when you wanna seen me! 
 This is G-Unit! 
 It's Willy, HotRod, Carnegie whattup niggas? 
 All my SouthSide niggas! 
 My Phoenix wents again, want try to turn this sit to know? 
 You know LA it's bein it shit nigga! 
 Hand on yo' own beef, nigga! 
 It's Willy!