When I met her, I took her home the first night and fucked her 
 Pussy so good it felt I didn't have a rubber 
 Bad bitch said she had hustle 
 Says she connected with some niggas with some muscle 
 "I's can explain" 
 She said "the cane" 
 Eighty birds a week, I said, "What up on a plane? 
 She said "On the street" 
 She drive across country" 
 I said, "What I gotta do to make these niggas lunch meat? " 
 She said, "It's easy, baby boy believe me." 
 Let's talk about it later but don't call me on the pheezy 
 She said, "Why later?, let's talk about it now" 
 Because it's going down tomorrow, then I said "how? "? 
 She said "It's simple they call this nigga Dre, 
 He trust me 'cause I give him the pussy by the way" 
 She said "Hes a weak mother fucker but he flip" 
 I said "Niggas like that deserve to get hit" 
 She gave a little giggle, 
 "Just follow these orders" 
 The plan was to say she got robbed at the border 
 Next day I didn't want to drive her this far, 
 It had to make sense, plus we had to switch cars. 
 I met her at the border, 
 "Bitch give me your shit" 
 She said "Quit playin'", we laughed and we kissed 
 Middle of the desert and the day is getting hotter 
 I'm driving home thinking like damn I should've shot her. 
 She got home to tell Trae it was all bad. 
 What she didn't know, is Tre had a bitch up in the pad. 
 And she flipped, 
 She started packin' bags, 
 He said "Baby girl chill chill, why you mad? " 
 Baby just paused turned around and laughed 
 She said "By the way that's why my homeboy robbed your ass" 
 Then he hit her, pulled her by the hair, 
 He called his goons over and they tied her to a chair, 
 Punched her in the mouth "Who the fuck got my bread? ", 
 She said, "I don't know", they poured gasoline on her head, 
 And she screamed out this nigga named Willy, 
 She gave him all my info, 
 He took it as an insult, 
 I shouldda known this bitch emotions was attactched 
 He took a step back then he lit the match, 
 He walked out the house left the bitch on fire, 
 I'm at home HBO, watchin The Wire, 
 Waiting for this mother fuckin' pizza that I ordered, 
 Two hours later the night is getting shorter, 
 Knocked at the door look through the peep hole, 
 I seen tattoos under the pizza man clothes, 
 I went to grab the pistol but it was too late, 
 'Cause when I turned around a nigga had a pistol in my face, 
 And then he let the other nigga in, 
 Guns to my head, 
 The interrogation begins. 
 He said. "Bitch you know what we want, 
 Because of you a dead pizza man is in the trunk", 
 He hit me with the gun, 
 His homie kept his finger on the trigger, 
 I heard him say, "Tre, why don't we just kill this nigga? " 
 BANG!... 
 I was doomed... 
 And then they found the white up in the room. 
 Never looked back when they was leavin', 
 What they didn't know that I was still breathin', 
 Laying in the hospital bed, 
 Numb in the legs, 
 I'm looking like a mummy in the head. 
 Hard for the money so illegal, 
 A lesson world learned, bitches is the root of all evil.