Young Buck- Born To Be A Thug 
 Daddy when you're coming home? 
 I wish I could tell you but I don't know, If you don't work, you don't eat 
 Just be good while I gone... 
 Daddy when you're coming home? 
 I'm hustlin I'll be back in a week... 
 Make sure you do your homework and kiss your momma for me... 
 Daddy when you're coming home? 
 Don't ask me no more, I'm about to go 
 Can I go with you daddy? 
 Little girl shut my door 
 Daddy when you're coming home? 
 You know I'll be back I got to, but for now I gotta to do 
 What I gotta do I love you 
 (Vers 1) 
 I know I run these street to much but that's my life 
 And for you I trade it all my house, car, my ice 
 Every nigght I look at you... I thank god (Thank God) 
 Knowing you got ev'rything you want and I ai'nt even got a job 
 Not to mention this thug-life I'm livin' 
 I never let you go sleep in a brick building 
 The day you was born me and my niggas popped bottles 
 Fellin in the hospital drunk to going to see my daughter... 
 You already seen the look in my eyes to hear my babygirl cry... 
 The happiest day of my life to see my babygirl smile... 
 It's a big world now 
 So you know to take it slow... 
 You don't need a nigga for nothing your daddy got do... 
 You gone live where you want to, drive what you want to... 
 As long you are alive you gone do what you want to 
 I put my life on the line for me and mine... 
 When I leave men she's saying every time 
 You think I like spendin nights on the street... 
 I do that, so daddy can keep keep nikes on your feet... 
 See the reason you can't come in the kitchen... 
 I'm cookin chicken... 
 We can go to the mall and ball soon as daddy finished... 
 Let me take care of my business for a minute... 
 And anything you want I promise we gonna get it... 
 Can't wait to see my baby graduate 
 When that day come rolex, baggets, daddy gonna pay for... 
 Once a man make one, he'll see the way that I feel 
 You know that ain't no gangsta be play shit to real... 
 See kids bring bills you know it cost a little 
 Better keep working or tworking something that kid need meals... 
 I got my baby tatto on my arm... 
 September 27 is the day she was born 
 Until I get back just holdin' down for pappa... 
 And hurtin' to my heart ev'rytime to hear you holla... 
 And over this live before I wishin for a daddy 
 My baby will never grow up livin' unhappy 
 I spend my whole life without my father it bother me bad... 
 I thank God for my momma she is all I had... 
 A nigga turn to the street to raise me... 
 I dropped outta high school look what it make me... 
 The chances that I never had... 
 My baby gonna have 
 So if my babygirl is in high school my baby gonna pass... 
 I sitting laugh 'cause she know that she looks just like me... 
 And me never coming home it's calling unlikely... 
 It's know that ev'rything I do is meant for me and you... 
 P.s your daddy Young Buck I love you...