Yeah... 
 Whooo Whooo... Whooo Whooo... 
 Haha... 
 Fuck Tha Police! 
 Think about it every time you bitches come around (yeah) 
 Either we runnin' or we layin' on the fuckin' ground (come on) 
 Just look at Chris a nigga popped and shot him in the club 
 They called the ambulance and y'all dan't even show up (bang) 
 Oh let me tell you about La Ricky when he took his bullets (ok) 
 You want the trigger man, y'all was the ones that pull it (oh) 
 That's why we represent them niggaz like Larry Davis 
 Before he let you cowards kill him, he just came and sprayed it (come on) 
 Now what you wan' do (whooo whooo), bitch I got a gun too (whooo, whooo) 
 We gon' keep on sendin' shots (whooo, whooo), every time y'all come through (whooo, whooo) 
 Got the nerve to tell him nigga put his hands up 
 And beat him to the ground (yeah), when they put the boy in handcuffs 
 Fuck, Fuck tha police, we handle it ourselves 
 Even if I beat to death (yeah), nigga we don't need no motherfuckin' help! 
 And to the right (what), to the left (what), let 'um know (what) 
 We don't need no motherfuckin' help! (Bo!) 
 Fuck Tha Police (whooo, whooo), Fuck Tha Law (whooo, whooo) 
 Fuck Tha Police (whooo, whooo), we don't need no motherfuckin' help! (fuck 'um all) 
 Fuck Tha Police (whooo, whooo), Fuck Tha Law (whooo, whooo) 
 Fuck Tha Police (whooo, whooo), we don't need no motherfuckin' help! (fuck 'um all) 
 We used to play cops and robbers as a little kid (come on) 
 Whoever was the pigs we would go and split his wig (haha) 
 And as the years passed, niggaz only got worse 
 Jumped in to the game, shit, gotta put ?? (what up nigga) 
 We had enough of gettin' handcuffed and pulled over 
 We started tryin' knock they heads off they fuckin' shoulders (boom) 
 Now where my soldiers at, get ready for combat 
 I'm livin' like them niggaz that dunn went to Vietnam, hey (G-Unit!) 
 So if you try to lock me up for smokin' my weed (whooo, whooo... whooo, whooo) 
 The whole force of police, is what they gon' need (whooo, whooo... whooo, whooo) 
 One of a kind, I'm the last of a dying breed 
 Even the one that was before me, he was sayin'.. 
 Fuck tha police, we handle it ourselves 
 Even if I beat to death (yeah), nigga we don't need no motherfuckin' help! 
 And to the right (what), to the left (what), let 'um know (what) 
 We don't need no motherfuckin' help! (Bo!) 
 Fuck Tha Police (whooo, whooo), Fuck Tha Law (whooo, whooo) 
 Fuck Tha Police (whooo, whooo), we don't need no motherfuckin' help! (fuck 'um all) 
 Fuck Tha Police (whooo, whooo), Fuck Tha Law (whooo, whooo) 
 Fuck Tha Police (whooo, whooo), we don't need no motherfuckin' help! (fuck 'um all) 
 When I'm in New York, I'm holl'in WE DONT NEED NO MOTHERFUCKIN' HELP! (yeah!) 
 When I'm in Tennessee, I'm holl'in WE DONT NEED NO MOTHERFUCKIN' HELP! (yeah!) 
 When I'm out in LA nigga WE DONT NEED NO MOTHERFUCKIN' HELP! (yeah!)