Its five thirty in the mornin man, I got a bottle in my hand, I got my mind on my money, oh yeah imma get that paper nigga. 
 Co co cocaine, 
 And imma die in this dope dope dope game, 
 I'm gettin' high on this dro dro dro man, 
 And got no time for these hoes hoes hoes man, 
 Fuck I do my own thing. x2 
 I'm in water whippin all day yeah and bein right. We got a couple good plays, they payin' right. And I get money in alotta ways, not only white but the green bought my daughter jays, (say what) I'm feelin' light. If I don't profit I ain't fuckin' with it sell it to me cheap, you never know one day I might be sittin' in yoour seat. Got my cell phone poppin' but I don't ever speak, man I feed alotta niggas that I will never meet. You know the lights out and there's 'bout a hundred in the house, all my neighbors call me baby they don't know what I'm about. Neighbors lookin' at me crazy 'cause they see me showin out, wanna congradulate me but scared to open up they're mouth. Like, slow slow slow man, and I'm strapped, half of it in the bag and a whole one still wrapped. (Come on) the speed limit 55 imma do 50, but if they fuck with me they gon have to come get me. 
 Co co cocaine, and imma die in this dope dope dope game, I'm gettin' high on this dro dro dro man, and got no time for these hoes hoes hoes man, fuck I do my own thing. x2 
 I been starrin' out my rear-view, WHO DAT I'm paranoid, imma quit in like a year or 2 (say what) so help me lord. Niggas on they're bikes watchin, they on the clock, so I'm still gettin' it off when the block is red hot. Reachin' 20 sales wide open I'm ridin' with it. Sorry that yoou can't see me do it, I had to get it. We was all hollin bingo but I got on it. I got fronted me a single I said I want it now I'm peacin out my pack called it two for two. If I give you somethin' over homey that was on the strip, yeah I'm in it for the long run, no time limit. They say the drought season gon come, yeah right I'm on bitch, ridin' dirty and I'm fantom hoe I'm goin' nuts, still ain't went and got my licence, nope don't give a fuck. All these rappers out here money low, (I know) they know what's up, when they're records ain't sellin they gotta come see buck, 'cause I got 
 Co co cocaine, and imma die in this dope dope dope game, I'm gettin' high on this dro dro dro man, and got no time for these hoes hoes hoes man, fuck I do my own thing. x2