Huh... yeah... 
 Comin' back with that East Coast flavor... 
 1994... yeah... 
 Mista Busta, where you at? 
 Can't scrap a lick, hey yo those rhymes is whack 
 You need to keep yo corny ass at makin' beef 
 You be soundin like a kid from Sesame's Street 
 Tryin' to dis D-O-G when that ain't right 
 Sickin Snoopy on me when that ain't right 
 Gettin' funky on me when that ain't right 
 When I be givin' it to your girl every other night 
 I get down for my crown and I represent 
 Do whatever I gotta do just to pay the rent 
 And if it means dissin you (fool) and yo crew (fool) 
 I'm comin' to your house with the Bronx Zoo 
 Rappers frontin on the dog on the mic get stepped upon 
 And when you get crapped upon you can stomp like a leprechaun 
 Straight up, word up for the real 
 Deal, not Hollyfield but still 
 I might send in the dogs just like Mike Tyson 
 When I'm grabbin the mic, everything is all right, yeah 
 And I just lay back in the flow 
 Rappers wanna step to me but they just don't know 
 That I'm the Dog... 
 (It's the dog, baby baby 
 The dog, baby baby 
 The dog, baby baby 
 Tim Dog!) 
 (4x while Tim Dog goes:) 
 Yeah! 
 Comin' back with that East Coast flavor 
 Yeah! 
 Comin' back like that! 
 I'm sittin' in my crib watchin MTV 
 When this skinny muthaphukka on the telly try to dis me (Baby) 
 He try to flex on the D-O-G 
 But if I gave that punk binoculars he still couldn't see me 
 So shake your bones and your rattle 
 And leave your toy 9 at home and bring your skills to the battle 
 Like Jeru, I'm gonna damage 
 Lookin' for success and your ass is a Burgerking sandwich 
 It's a pitty fake niggaz gotta show off 
 I'll bust yo skinny ass with a saw-ed off 
 Shotgun! Didn't even know that I got one 
 I'm aiming at your brain 
 Come in my house of pain 
 Suckers try to flip, yo, I'm comin' quick 
 With some super super bad boogie down Bronx shit 
 You rappers better run and hide 
 Tell yo ho Dr.Dre I got something to ride (Let me ride) 
 On my D-I-...see ya 
 Told you you would D-I-... 
 E if you ever step to the D-O-G 
 Punk, you besta know the game 
 My nutsack is bigger so what's my name? 
 I came in the door, I said it before 
 I never dissed that punk Dr.Dre no more 
 But he's bitin me, fightin me, invitin me to rhyme 
 I can't hold it back, I'm gonna go for mine 
 The original hardcore lyric ballbreaker 
 When it comes to whack MCs no I'm not a funk faker 
 I just smash, crash on that ass and put that ass in the trash 
 Like it's nothin' you learned in class 
 I'm a real MC and I'm on my own 
 And if nobody got my back, I can hold my own 
 If I die, I die, if I live, I live 
 But if Hip-Hop survive, I got something I can give 
 I don't care if you don't think I can win (word) 
 And I don't care if you don't wanna be my friend (word) 
 And if the Pound get mad and they wanna step in 
 Come on and step right in, step right in to the...