Hey yo! 
 Check it out! 
 Check check the check a check it out! 
 Check it out! 
 Check check the check a check it out! 
 You're listenin to the muthaphukkin man himself 
 (Word up) 
 The D-O-G! 
 (Yeah) 
 Yeah, there's a lotta dogs out there, huh 
 But face it: right about now, 
 You're dealin' with the hardest muthaphukka on the planet 
 (That's right) 
 Hey lemme tell you a little bit o' shit about myself 
 (Yeah, kick that shit) 
 Punk! 
 Came out with a jam that had the whole world stompin 
 Title of the track: "Fuck Compton!" 
 Yeah, the record was a hit 
 And DJ Quik was on my muthaphukkin dick (haha) 
 Now you say the boy is a madman 
 I'm eatin more fowls than Pac-Man 
 I got props, loungin by the shops 
 I don't need cops I bust shots with my glock 
 Now bitches wanna see me 
 And punk muthaphukkaz on the charts wanna be me 
 I got the wick-ed (Hey yo, kick it) 
 Renegade style 'cause I'm versatile 
 I'm super superb master stereo, where are ya? 
 Heavier, I can never ever be scattier (Whoow) 
 'Cause my rhymes is the force 
 I get vexed (?? as I ??) trigger some crazy horse (word up) 
 You get torn a new asshole 
 And I'll pip slap that ass like my muthaphukkin last ho 
 The bitch is upset 
 She want a muthaphukkin L when she got Keith Sweat 
 But I'm still hittin skins 
 I cut her off back then, now I'm fuckin' all her friends (damn) 
 Yeah the Dog don't play 
 I got bitches in LA and around the way 
 So leave the drama for your mama 
 Niggaz talkin' shit when they don't know that I'm a 
 Crazy muthaphukka, I'll smoke you in a minute 
 Anytime you hear about a fight you know I'm in it 
 But you cuss, moan and ramble 
 And still don't realize that your life's a gamble 
 You gets nut, Dog is no bluff 
 Ruff and ruff I get tuff with the quick stuff 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck (Do that shit, do that shit, do it) 
 And you punk muthaphukkaz better shut the fuck up 
 I don't give a fuck, yeah (Do that shit, do that shit, do it) 
 All you bitch ass niggaz better shut the fuck up 
 (2x) 
 Know what I'm sayin' ? (Word up) 
 Niggaz don't know how I'm livin' down here in this muthaphukka 
 (That's right yo) 
 You talkin' 'bout rollin' with a gat 
 They see you come with a bat 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 I'm smokin' niggaz on the mic 
 What the fuck is you doin' ? (Word up) 
 Hey yo, let me drop some shit to you all like this 
 (Drop that shit, Dog) (Kick it) (Let niggaz know) 
 I'm a terrorist, my mouth is a wax-o-phone 
 I'm blowin' shit up like a saxophone 
 When I step into the crowd niggaz are on 
 I grab the mic and start yes yo'in 
 Word up I'm about to tear shit up 
 And bitch ass niggaz can just shut the fuck up, go (?? head ??) up 
 Or get (?? wet ??) up, 'cause I'm dead up 
 I'll beat yo monkey ass and you know I won't let off 
 Kickin ass like a donkey 
 It's return of the muthaphukkin Hip-Hop junkie 
 Yeah, you say he's that good 
 Gold teeth, black shades and a muthaphukkin fat hood 
 But don't jump on my dick 
 Because I'll fuck you in the ass till it's covered with shit 
 Yeah boy I'm a freak 
 And if we was up North you'd be callin me Big Zeke (whoow) 
 'Cause when I'm on stage I do damage 
 I'm the muthaphukkin microphone bandit 
 I got rhymes pon cock 
 You get shot with the glock from my mouth, you'll be shocked 
 The wickedest man alive with the technique 
 Suckers try to get me, but don't even sweat me 
 'Cause when I rhyme shit is in order 
 Huh! I'm the man that fucked your daughter 
 I'm outta order, suckers think I'm sympathetic 
 They're pathetic, I won't let it 
 So punk, don't sweat it 
 I reign hard like thunder 
 Niggaz dissin me, gettin' put the fuck under 
 I got the notion, smooth like lotion 
 Even when I'm on stage bitches are open 
 So go push your luck 
 I ain't got shit to lose so I don't give a fuck 
 Yeah, see what I'm sayin' you bitch ass muthaphukka 
 (Do that shit, do that shit, do it) 
 Stop talkin' that ol' bullshit you're kickin 
 Yo jerry curl wearin bitch 
 Yeay, you keep rollin' with that muthaphukkin crew 
 We ain't even gotta go that way let's get on the mic 
 You don't wanna do that 
 'Cause I'll end yo fuckin' career 
 You bitch ass muthaphukka, yeah 
 And I'm out 
 (Do that shit, do that shit, do it)