This is not for the radio. Yo, you gotta turn your volume all the way up on this one. (This is for the people) 
 You are now listenin' to the sounds of the one. Reks. (Show Off Records) Statik Selektah. 
 This song gonna get a lot of people offended. As if I give a fuck. (The one!) (Reks get 'em!) 
 (Verse One) 
 I am not a racist, but I do not believe in equality 
 Nigga, spic, honky, follow me 
 Now that I got your attention, bitch you can swallow me 
 I can give a fuck if you get offended bitch I gotta speak 
 Nigga this, nigga that, first learn a niggas facts 
 This entire country been built on black people's backs 
 This entire country been built on black people's backs 
 This entire country been built on black people's backs 
 I am not homophobic but I do not believe in you faggots 
 Stay in the closet, Catholic priest maggot 
 Elton John habits 
 Raised on Bert and Ernie in bathtubs scrubbin' eachother's backs 
 That's ass backwards 
 Parents teachin' they kids like R. Kelly and Jackson 
 Bitches flauntin' bellies cause tight shirt's the fashion 
 Where the fuck is the guidance, the education, the passion? 
 Where the fuck is the guidance, the education, the passion? 
 I am not a gangsta, but I do not believe that you pop shells 
 Cook coke, bag hoes, got mil's 
 What have we learned from all the rappers who got killed? 
 All of this commotion in rap, most of it's not real 
 Ain't even been on the block as much as you on the block 
 But we be off the block moment that we had a deal 
 Said we be off the block moment that we had a deal 
 Said we be off the block (ONE! ONE! ONE! ONE!) 
 I am no politician and I do not believe in our government 
 'Bout Saddam or where Osama went 
 We know where the soldiers are 
 Still we keep pourin' on 
 Pourin' more dead bodies on the dead bodies 
 And instead of hearin', "Sorry" we get four more years 
 Of the Bush family killin', ignorin' our tears 
 When Diddy said, "Vote Or Die", Jada asked the question +Why?+ 
 We sat and watched our brothers fall like Ray Charles did 
 I am not a rapist, still I believe you can be touched 
 Get held down and then get crushed 
 Robbery expert 
 Believe this a stick-up 
 Murder the opposition, divergin' the competition 
 The middle finger still up, fuck the world 
 Life's a bitch, I feel cause, my bottles half empty 
 I have not the energy for enemies and such 
 Half this industry washed up, the other half suck 
 I am not the Unsigned Hype 
 I'm the unsigned five mics 
 I'm B. Knox, Luck Dice, these are the right price 
 People, I breathe life 
 The resurrection of two B.I.G.'s, one Pac, one Christ 
 I am not the devil 
 I'm speaking from beneath his level tryin' to reach the sunshine like Icarus 
 Flow still ridiculous 
 Whole click in syndicate 
 Spit sentences infinite, to the death 
 Who am I? Who am I? 
 I'm the one