Oh, Okay, the news just came in 
 That Tremaine is, now I'm grammy nominated, 
 Aww man what a dream 
 But whata nigga think, ain't shit changed but the color of the leaves 
 Still gotta go hard, like my dick in ur broad 
 If you hate that, you can put my dick in yo jaws 
 And don' t waste that, I will never loose because the lord is where my faiths at 
 Uh, take that. I've endured more pain from the game 
 More strain on the brain than I thought I could sustain 
 GranDaddy just died, that's gon' bring my daddy close to me 
 We gon ride out, and chop it up, that's how it' s supposed to be 
 Life too short for me to worry about your thoughts. 
 God judge me, I give a fuck about the court 
 Plus y' all all foul like shaq was on the court 
 Don t talk shit now, if you ain't back it up before 
 But y' all can' t stop me from reaching my goals 
 You gay behind doors looking through a peep hole. 
 Tired as a nnnn, I don't never sleep tho. 
 Play the game to win, Ill never cheat though. 
 Sometimes it seems I will never beat though. 
 Still how you earn a blow like, C4. 
 No nigga can take me take me, no repo 
 No nigga can face me, no equal 
 Fire under me, Teeth over lip 
 Under your shit like I'm under my pits. 
 Photograph me in a picture like a pimp 
 The women love me like hate doesn' t exist 
 Suicide songs I slit my wrists 
 Suicide doors on the whip ain't shit 
 Do as I can, true as I am, old niggas can never be as new as I am. 
 I ain't sayin' the same man, life about evolving. 
 Many other dudes havent grown, they're just disolvin. 
 Such a mis fortune, triggers such a problem 
 Ain't no mathematics to equate him or to solve him 
 Word is I'm cold, and they just wanna defrost him 
 Word in my ? turn to songs, turn to awesome 
 Mind on float, my body on coast, which one pick one 
 Ill probably finna' touch down, just bought a seven I ain't finna' touch down 
 Thoughts running like a man Trying to get his gut down 
 Daydreaming of my aborted daughters 
 Trying to put my best foot forward and balance 
 Like a skater would, searching for a greater good 
 Ridin' through my old neighborhood, outter door 
 Reefs, it was Christmas time, 40 chrome piece with a clip inside 
 Out of yo reach, Salvatore feet 
 I adore beats, then I kill'em so sweet, 
 Sick of niggas hating, quit deliberating 
 This anti-climatic how your antics are average, I'm on acid, 
 Said you got it all backwards, trey songs sings. 
 But tremaine has all assests 
 Bastards, bastards.