I must be livin' on a river called stupid 'cause the flow is dump 
 Ice on blizzard, nigga, I'ma walking cold front 
 Pretty woman wit me wit this swole dunk 
 All she do is roll blunts; she on't smoke 'em, doe 
 Ass-clappin' fantastical, just like after I closed the show 
 Applaud, baby, y'all may be knowin' 'bout this pro hoe 
 Na' I mean, son? 
 Like New York niggas 
 Bothers them I may have fathered them 
 Child support 
 Trigga! 
 Really, I understand why niggas mad at me 
 Seem like all the women throw the ass at me 
 Sorry, but you really I ain't no, doe 
 Doing what I want 
 Yeah, I'm doing what you can't, hoe 
 Everything I am is everything you ain't, doe 
 When I'm witcha girl, I'ma tell you everything you ain't know 
 She jump up on this pole, swing around; do ya thang girl 
 And when she leave I say, don't forget ya ring, girl 
 Don't forget ya ring 
 Don't forget ya ring 
 Don't forget ya ring 
 Don't forget ya ring 
 She jump up on this pole, swing around; do ya thang girl 
 And when you leave, baby, don't forget ya ring, girl 
 No disrespect to you husbands 
 When I lay up wit ya woman 
 We don't be kissin' and snugglin' 
 She just be lickin' and suckin' 
 I put the dick in, like fuck it! 
 You know what it is 
 You know what we did 
 But, shit, don't come to my crib 
 I don't allow that 
 Bring that snowplow back 
 I got some mo' ice, I need some liquor 
 Where the Loud at? 
 If life is just a beach; this where alotta niggas drown at 
 Nah, this ain't no circus, but I show you where the clowns at 
 Yeah, they over there 
 Over here in this section, we fresher than a newborn cut out a C-Section 
 Yes, man 
 That's what you got around you 
 Lost my fuckin' mind 
 They break it down, and what I found; ooh 
 Trigga world-renowned 
 Who woulda predicted this? 
 I'm the illest shit that hit the muhfuckin' mic 
 MC, cut the Lytes 
 Salt wit tha pepper; black and white 
 What could be better, right? 
 She tell me 'push it, push it, baby' 
 My lil Spinderella 
 I got wine in the cellar 
 I got bank, I'm no teller 
 If I bang, then, don't tell ya friend, 
 Unless she tryna get it in 
 Losers, I'm sure to win 
 Put that code in again 
 Still, I'm gone in the wind 
 I'm just f ya lady friend 
 Haha! 
 Really, I understand why niggas mad at me (I get it!) 
 Seem like all the women throw the ass at me 
 Sorry, but you really I ain't no, doe (I apologize) 
 Doing what I want 
 Yeah, I'm doing what you can't, hoe (C'mooooon) 
 Everything I am is everything you ain't, doe 
 When I'm witcha girl, I'ma tell you everything you ain't know 
 She jump up on this pole, swing around; do ya thang girl 
 And when she leave I say, don't forget ya ring, girl (Don't forget that ring!) 
 Don't forget ya ring 
 Don't forget ya ring 
 Don't forget ya ring 
 Don't forget ya ring 
 She jump up on this pole, swing around; do ya thang girl 
 (That's some fucked up shit to say, right?) 
 And when you leave, baby, don't forget ya ring, girl 
 Aye, look, real life, doe 
 I tell her because I don't wanna, you know, call her out 
 "Aye, look. I left something there. 
 Won't you look by the dresser. I wanna know if..." 
 Nah, I ain't got time for that shit, baby 
 Take that shit witchu... please