You probably could have make it work in the past life, 
 Said vows, I make you the first and last wife, 
 A rich Nigga that's certain to hit the ass right, 
 Make a broke bitch smile like a low gas price. 
 Truthfully I was digging your little style, 
 Kept your hills on, I'm hitting you all wild 
 Poker chips and Vegas dinners,... 
 We trying Minaj later, so you pick a girl out. 
 I look at you and see a different girl, now, 
 Getting Whitley with me, a different world now, 
 A good girl, then I turn you into a bad bitch, 
 Constipated ass you ain't never had shit. 
 I'm so over your head, you shoulda caught that 
 Fucking with my phones, 
 When I'm gone, like you bought that 
 I was fucking with you heavy, but I'm bachelor. 
 Money is my only girl, no lie, relaxer 
 Can't fuck with you no more, 
 I just can't fuck, just can't fuck with you no more. 
 Fucking with you is bad for my health! 
 Fuck with you no more, 
 I just can't fuck, just can't fuck with you no more. 
 Fucking with you is bad for my health 
 Fucking with you is bad for my health! 
 Crazy with the head, but she crazy in head, 
 Attract a lot of birds 'cause I make a lot of bread 
 Searching for my dove, hoping love is forgiven 
 And I find that a dove ain't nothing but a pigeon. 
 Y'all know, I ain't nothing but a player, 
 Guess is value that make them wanna value 
 Can't blame you for wanting something major, 
 Shout out to the broads, like can I get a Laker? 
 Really women don't you be embarrassed by the fakers 
 Yves Saint Laurent is probably flattered by the bakers 
 Moments couldn't flatter being madder at the haters 
 How dare you dislike me when I know I am the greatest. 
 But now I see the beauty when they try to subdue me, 
 All on my balls see the blogs is the groupies 
 But that's the part of my movie, 
 Deep down I know you are happy you ever knew me. 
 Fuck with you no more, 
 I just can't fuck, just can't fuck with you no more. 
 Fucking with you is bad for my health! 
 Fuck with you no more, 
 I just can't fuck, just can't fuck with you no more. 
 Fucking with you is bad for my health 
 Fucking with you is bad for my health!