Your girl is at yo house &.. 
 Her man and he ain't doing right then she came over there & y'all talkin' 
 I'm listenin baby, it's not like I'm not listenin to you 
 I'm just workin but I got an idea like what if you... 
 What if you bring her wit you? 
 What you mean she ain't gon come? 
 Let me talk to her... 
 Heard yo man doin' you bad 
 I'm gonna have to come whooop his ass (whoa) 
 Girl stop all that cryin 
 What you worried bout? 
 Eatin all that ice cream, sittin' on the couch (come onnn) 
 What's that bout? (bout) 
 You know you the baddest (baddest) 
 What you gon go back to yo mommy and ya daddy? (no) 
 My baby gotta have me but she wanna make you happy 
 She was 'possed to come over, but she just wanna console you 
 And I just wanna do both you know 
 He ain't doin' what he supposed to 
 (Put her back on the phone right quick..) 
 Aye baby 
 Ya girlfriend can come too 
 'Cause I know just what she going through 
 We already know what to do 
 Ya girlfriend can come too 
 And you know you wanna see me 
 So you might as well bring her too 
 I know she feel bad, & you wanna make her feel good 
 If you really really wanna make her feel good... 
 You should let her play a part in the things we do 
 And baby when we step in the room... 
 Yo girlfriend gon come too 
 Sexy, beautiful, I just want you to know 
 How fine I think you are 
 Even though its on unsuitable 
 Cause that's yo girl, and we just friends 
 Even tho it's my bed she sleep in 
 We be gettin' it in 2-3 weekends 
 If you dint you dint know she a freak then 
 But who cares 'cause she down and you there; don't frown 
 Come in, let down ya hair 
 I don't wanna be greedy, you don't have to share but please can you both come here... 
 Ya girlfriend can come too (whoa) 
 'Cause I know just what she going through 
 We already know what to do 
 Ya girlfriend can come too 
 And you know you wanna see me 
 So you might as well bring her too 
 I know she feel bad, & you wanna make her feel good 
 If you really really wanna make her feel good... 
 You should let her play a part in the things we do 
 And baby when we step in the room... 
 Yo girlfriend gon come too 
 Chopped voice 
 Ay! 
 So I was thinkin', i-i-i got a new 
 Name; ima try it out, see what y'all think 
 My middle name is Gimme Yo... 
 Trey 'Gimme Yo' Songzz! 
 Hahaaah! 
 Yeah! 
 Come onn! 
 Songzz! 
 (Fades till end)