(You lookin' too gooood. 
 What you standin over there by yourself for... 
 Wont you come over here... 
 Unh... 
 I think its time we take a trip, tell me where. 
 Tell me where you wanna gooooO ah (you want go) 
 I got an idea (what you think about this... just follow me baby... take you where you need to be)) 
 Gurl you know that you the shit, 'way you walkin' wit dem heels on 
 Talkin' to me dirty yo body I wanna feel on (feel on) feel on (feel on) 
 Once I get to you I promise we gon go re-real long (real long) real long (real long) real long 
 Gurl I do you rite 
 Don't you know that you the shit, got me turnin' off my cell phone 
 Nothins more important than gettin' our fairytale on (tale on) 
 Ya hair long (hair long) 
 I just wanna pull it 
 Baby wait a minute 
 Don't be timid 
 Don't be shy you so fly 
 I just wanna take you on a ride 
 I think its time we a trip to the bed 
 Gurl yo bodys' talkin' and I'm lovin' what she said 
 Don't you be a fraid to 
 Let me elevate you 
 Welcome you to suuuper... duuuper... Jupiter Looove 
 Gurl you know dat you the shit 
 Ain't nobody gotta tell ya 
 Natural body fragrance is such a sweet aroma 
 Ooh hooow I lOOoooove 
 Being inside your lOOoooove 
 You lookin' tooo goooood 
 For me not jump all over you 
 So goooood 
 That's exactly what I wanna do 
 Let me hold ya heart, show me where to start 
 Its amazin how you shine in the dark 
 I think its time we take a trip to the bed (can we go there) 
 Gurl yo bodys' talkin' and I'm lovin' what's she said 
 Don't you be afraid to 
 Let me elevate you 
 (I wanna) Welcome you to suuuper (weeew)..duuuper... Jupiter Looove 
 Oh now that we are here 
 The stars are all aligned 
 Its unbelievable 
 So incredible 
 Give me your looooooooooooooooooove 
 Hoe hoe hoe hoe hoe hoe hoe 
 YooO looove 
 Weeelcome to suuper duuper Jupiter Looove 
 I think its time we take a trip ro the bed 
 Gurl yo bodys' talkin' and I'm lovin' what she said 
 Don't you be afraid to 
 Let me elevate you 
 Welcome you to suuuper... duuuper... Jupiter Love