Whoa, 
 B-tch you know my name 
 Leggo 
 It's Mr. Tremaine 
 Ladies love me, here go that new Trey 
 Kiss and suck me, I call it toupee 
 I got on Breezy sh-t, give my sh-t a break 
 F-ck am I talking bout? Aye peedis get my spins up (?) 
 Love faces, bottoms up 
 Came straight from the bottom up 
 Who you gon' find at the top of the charts that hot as f-ck and these broads'll f-ck? 
 Y'all n-ggas pick my garbage up 
 Say my prayers, in god we trust 
 Know I gotta lot of money so these n-ggas acting funny 
 Gotta turn the Cadillac into an armor truck 
 B-tch n-gga on the arm of her 
 So I look her in her eye, start charming her 
 Wanna know you very well, pretty skin caramel and a n-gga tryna bust that almond nut 
 Chi-Town freak hoes, cold as a b-tch though 
 Came in a trench coat, took it off, beach clothes 
 Get naked, right this second 
 Girl you ain't nothing but a bird, just peck it 
 Watch full of carrots with a pocket full of lettuce 
 While you hating n-ggas ride 87 and (?) 
 I hope your sh-t break down, look at a n-gga now 
 Look at me now (x3) 
 I'm getting paper 
 VA I did it for y'all 
 But the two audemars I did it to ball 
 High school couldn't keep me out the halls 
 Pretty b-tch couldn't keep me out her draws 
 Sh-tting on y'all, treat the game like a star 
 Drown in the water while you hang in (?) 
 My clothes don't hang in the mall 
 This sh-t fresh off from the plane from Milan 
 Good head, can't name the salon 
 But I swear I just came in her mind 
 Gotta her hiding in (?) 
 Gave her two pills, don't blame me I'm wrong 
 Why the f-ck they let me on this song? 
 I don't even care who own this song 
 Chris could've called me, man you should've called me 
 Man, god damn I love this song 
 Let's talk about the way I got on this John 
 We was in the garage and I got on that bong 
 A n-gga said Wayne went nuts 
 And I think I went, what my nuts are over-grown 
 I'm so high, I'm overblown 
 Think I'm overdosing on 
 My ego, I'm so lethal 
 There's no equal, I'm so evil, No Knievel 
 But I stunt hard, my front yard - got horses. 
 Think that porches from midevil, 
 There's no way this can be legal 
 Two hundred while I'm blunted 
 And her mouth just keep on running 
 'Cause the weave they've just done and 
 So I told the b-tch to bun it 
 Yeah Zack, let the track drop 
 Murder this sh-t like Black Ops 
 Flag jackers and Claymores 
 In this one year I done made more 
 Then the whole existence is of yours 
 N-gga just got my voice insured 
 Yeah, look at me now b-tch! 
 Look at me now (x3) 
 I'm getting paper 
 Look at me now (x3) 
 Look at me now, b-tch!