Relax, Relax 
 Make your mind... 
 Make your mind... with me... with me... 
 I'm on my (my) way home (home) 
 'Bout to hit the exit do you need sum'n (ooh) 
 'Cause I know you had a long day (Whoa) 
 Do you miss me (me) 'cause I miss you (you) 
 And that sexy lil thing you make your lips do 
 Way your hips move, 
 Keep me thinkin' 'bout the love I wanna give to you (give you) 
 You deserve the world if I could give it 
 Stars will come to you and ask permission to shine 
 'Cause only you shine 
 And tonight I got ur Neck (neck), shoulders, back (back back back) 
 Baby I'mma touch on all that, 
 Once I pull in the garage (once I pull in the garage) 
 Once I hope up out the car (once I hope up out the car) 
 I'm gon relieve your stress (stress), yes (yes), baby fall back 
 Tonight I'm gon' be workin all that 
 Loose the panties and the bra (take 'em off) 
 I'mma start with the massage (massage) 
 From your head to your toes, massage 
 Ooh ooh girl cut off the TV 
 Ooh ooh ooh, get the room ready for me 
 Pull the shades down, turn the lights low (lights low) 
 I'mma get the oil and the towel 
 I'm so close (I'm so close) I'm almost (almost) 
 'Bout to turn the corner down of our road... 
 'Fact I'm in the drive way now... you deserve 
 You deserve the world if I could give it (ooh) 
 Stars will come to you and that's permission to shine 
 (You're the only one that shines..) 
 'Cause only you shine (..in my world) 
 Tonight I got ur Neck (neck), shoulders, back (back back back) 
 Baby I'mma touch on all that, 
 Once I pull in the garage (once I pull in the garage) 
 Once I hope up out the car (once I hope up out the car) 
 I'm gon relieve your stress (stress), yes (yes), baby fall back 
 Tonight I'm gon' be workin all that 
 Loose the panties and the bras (take it off) (take 'em off) 
 I'mma start with the massage (massage) 
 From your head to your toes, Girl I promise I would gooo 
 From your toes to your neck, baby scream if you need more 
 I'm gon' take my time, rub it up and down all night 
 Just let me go 
 Where you want my hands? I'mma put 'em on ya! 
 Anywhere they land, baby let me warn you now (now now now..) 
 Once I lay you down 
 Promise you gon' feel it from ya 
 Neck (neck), shoulders, back (back back back) 
 Baby I'mma touch on all that, 
 Once I pull in the garage (once I pull in the garage) 
 Once I hope up out the car (once I hope up out the car) 
 I'm gon relieve your stress (stress), yes (yes), baby fall back 
 Tonight I'm gon' be workin all that 
 Loose the panties and the bra (Loose the panties, loose the bra) (take 'em off) 
 I'mma start with the massage (I'mma love you down right now... from ya from ya..) 
 From your head to your toes (and anywhere you want me to go, promise I got ya) 
 From your toes to your neck (neck shoulders back) 
 Just relax, Lay your body back, give u a massage