When I first hear this shit, I told drake it should have been called, over for these other niggas. Yeah, it's my turn. 
 Chorus: I know way to many people mad right now 'cause I made alot cash yeah get up off my balls. I swear it feels like the past few years I done passed my peers but I just can't remember them all. what am I doing, what am I doing. oh yeah that's right I'm doing amazing I'm fucking amaziing I'm gettin' mine right now mane you niggas had a run but it's over said it's over I tried to told ya. 
 Verse: aye father I'm in awe of everything you give to me praying negativity will never ever live in me ain't nobody wrote mine ain't nobody cosign remember hanging clothes on my aunt felecia clothes line. remember tellin' hoes that I blow cause of my dope rhymes could've never told I'd be singing when it's show time. solar eclipse back when son got no shine 5 years later I arrive no time. I been nuts its just nobody wrote mine got my own lane now shit the whole road mine. I feel hov at his best blueprint. I'm heel toes on they neck shoeprint. kick the way I kick it like a sneaker to the beat. RIP like a reaper to the beat. instrumental killer there's an evil see I'm stronger than the strongest so the weak will never eat aye. 
 Chorus: I know way to many people mad right now 'cause I made alot cash yeah get up off my balls. I swear it feels like the past few years I done passed my peers but I just can't remember them all. what am I doing, what am I doing. oh yeah that's right I'm doing amazing I'm fucking amaziing I'm gettin' mine right now mane you niggas had a run but it's over said it's over I tried to told ya. 
 Verse: aye mother fuck the world then my mother fucked my daddy then my mother fuckin' had me now I'm poppin' like some acne. mother fucked my daddy guess I'm still mad we never had a real talk about it. it's my life so who the fuck were you to walk up out it and I be tryin' hard to forget about it still I remember every thing about it. Excuse my emotional discharge I'm blossomin, often I wanna call but get pissed off as I approach the top I'm only gettin' lonlier everything that was real is only seemin phonier. Tryna see how many mil I can pony up gind somebody grown to fuck let me call Toni up . they use to go who's he that's word to move me papers on these books no loose leaf truly. if the thrown's behind the door you see I'm at it like a new reef watch back pardon excuse me 
 Chorus: Way to many people mad right now 'cause I made alot cash yeah get up off my balls. I swear it feels like the past few years I done passed my peers but I just can't remember them all. what am I doing, what am I doing. oh yeah that's right I'm doing amazing I'm fucking amaziing I'm gettin' mine right now mane you niggas had a run but it's over said it's over I tried to told ya.