So what if you flipped a couple birds, 
 I could triple that in words. 
 Open my head you see ??? and the feds 
 That means its heavy on my mind, 
 Think about it all the time, 
 Then I write another rhyme 
 Get richer before the get a 
 Na ni**a I consider a friend of mine, 
 Considerin I drink a lot of liquor my livers fine. 
 Figurin there ain't a lot a ni**as could really rhyme, 
 So when I'm spittin' I be chillin' and killin' time 
 But on that other shit thugin it, 
 Fellas can't fuck with it, 
 I'm on another level, R&B rebel, 
 Killin' these fools, so tell me where is the shovel? 
 Feelin' these dudes? Then you're ears must stuggle. 
 What I'm really meanin' is my peers in trouble, 
 They can work hard but I'm putting in double 
 I ain't tryin' to dis, really I am tho 
 'Cause if I'm in timbos, them ni**as is ???? 
 But you can still catch me at a beach, 
 Getin a little piece of a freak, 
 Gettin' a little brain from a dame, 
 Facts still remain the same, 
 Its Treymane one of the best in the game. 
 And I'm getting it I'm getting it 
 I ain't talking about it, I'm living it 
 I'm getting it, straight getting it 
 Get get get get get get get it boy 
 (Don't waste your time, fighting the law, state your voice, and you'll understand) 
 Now sick state of mind that I be in, 
 In my prime, for that time I'm Jay-Z?in, 
 If it wasn't for the Burg where I come up 
 Then neva would these eva so clever words eva come up. 
 Uh, no pain no profit, 
 They say the game got a key well I'm the locksmith, 
 They say you maine got they keys, but he hot shit, 
 You can shop with him but you might get knockd quick, 
 Fresh J?s, 360 ways, looking at the dope boys, while they chop on blades, 
 Pocket full of hope like I gotta get paid, 
 Nickel bags too fat they gotta get trey 
 Heavy in the game but I never get played 
 Call me Kanye when my chedda gets ??? 
 They can try to get me; I will never stand down, 
 You can call me 50 when I take a man down. 
 And I'm getting it I'm getting it 
 I ain't talking about it, I'm living it 
 I'm getting it, straight getting it 
 Get get get get get get get it boy 
 (Don't waste your time, fighting the law, state your voice, and you'll understand)