Yup! 
 I'ma tell you right now, nothing is safe 
 Let's go 
 Songz (Songz) 
 That right (That right) 
 They gon? hafta wait, 'cause I really do kill this shit 
 Stacks on deck 
 And Baby?You know the song 
 So sing along 
 C'mon 
 Shawty, what it is though 
 You know who I is though 
 When we READY you can come && you can let your friend go 
 You can let your friend come too 
 'Cause I picture ya friend on you (Yup!) Ooh 
 Smokin' killa endow, got it from my kinfolks 
 Hataz watchu mad fo? 'Cause you know you been broke 
 What they let you in fo? 
 Shawty, you a ten though 
 Won't you hop ya ass up in those Benz doors 
 'Cause once you let me touch it, it ain't no need for no discussion 
 I'ma have ya body bustin' like an automatic weapon 
 I know it's a rescission, but I'm makin' an acceptation for ya bad ass 
 If you want it that damn bad 
 Gon? grab it, you can have it, just one swipe of this here plastic [?] 
 Girl I betchu won't be stressing if you let your panties lessen. I mean, loosen 
 I'ma the truth && I just want your fruit and juices 
 One more look atcha past 
 Throw the deuces 
 (Yup!) 
 Chrous: 
 Stacks on deck 
 That's on my life 
 You never wear the same thing twice if you leave witcha boy tonight 
 You can have whatever you like (Yeah) 
 And You gon? have the best sex of yo life twice 
 Three times, four times, we gon? get it on tonight 
 You can have whatever like (Yeah) 
 We up on that Hen?, she's a bonafide drinker 
 She gave me that brain, she's a hellafide thinker 
 Thought process is sexin from the desk to the sink 
 Her body so wet, I got her so wet 
 I be her supplier 
 She gimme the fyre 
 She never gets tired 
 Call her energizer bunny, funny, right? 
 I got my money right 
 You can tell I'm doin' well with the tires on my ride 
 Stretch out so wide 
 Them 2-6's y'all dudes listen 
 I'm true pimpin', y'all stupid pigeons 
 Somethin' like when I'm on the stool shitin [?] 
 Lemme tell y'all what y'all dudes missin' 
 Bit of my style, bit of my flow, bit of my smile, a bit of my clothes, every just a lil bit of my dough 
 Any time you want to pick up the telephone to call me to ya house 
 Show you what I'm bout 
 I be so obliged, I hop up in my ride 
 With them gold pack, know that's Extra-L sized 
 Chrous: 
 Stacks on deck 
 That's on my life 
 You never wear the same thing twice if you leave witcha boy tonight 
 You can have whatever you like (Yeah) 
 And You gon? have the best sex of yo life twice 
 Three times, four times, we gon? get it on tonight 
 You can have whatever you like (Yeah) 
 Tell me what you like (I got it) 
 Tell me what you need (I got it) 
 Tell me what you want (I got it) 
 Tell me what it be (I got it) 
 Supersize, like some fries 
 Like McDonald's, my big Ronald will make you roll yo eyes back 
 Tell me can you buy that 
 Tell me can you ride that 
 Once I get inside I'ma glide like a slide at waterworld 
 You the girl && I'ma the man 
 So understand 
 Chrous: 
 Stacks on deck 
 That's on my life 
 You won't hafta wear the same thing twice if you leave witcha boy tonight 
 You can have whatever you like (Yeah) 
 And You gon? have the best sex of yo life twice 
 Three times, four times, we gon? get it on tonight 
 You can have whatever like (Yeah)