(Talking:) 
 I gave you prophesy on my first joint, 
 But you all lamed out, 
 It ain't really appreciated 
 The second one's out 
 Danger! SONGZ! 
 Your face is amazing blazing hot like cajun and all I need is a minute 
 Please no gimmicks ya tellin' me to chill On the real or take a trip to Satan 
 Sent me to hell wit it 
 Then I yell wut it do 
 The hell wit ya crew 
 Say you got a man well the hell wit him too 
 The seats is seashell the whip is sea blue And you can swim through. 
 Ain't alot of women that I can't swim through 
 And you can't say that I don't tempt you 
 'Cause if you said that, you's a liar 
 Grip them legs back call me pliers 
 Z 4 chrome up under the tires 
 And you so grown and my desires 
 To make you come 
 So finish that rum, 
 Aye who said trey songz ain't fire? (Ah) 
 The way you talkin' girl you seem so invincible, 
 Its more than sexy girl the way that you take control, 
 I wonderwoman (Are You), are you my kinda woman? 
 Wit a back like that you fly like jets are you my wonder woman. 
 (Are you), are you my wonderwoman ? (Are You), are you my wonderwoman ? (Are you ooh-ooh), are you my wonderwoman ? (Are You) are you my wonderwoman? 
 It's a shame the way you do yo thang, 
 You can't blame me staring at your frame, 
 What's your name? 
 Baby they call me Trey 
 From the TV to the stage 
 The pri-pri-prince of VA 
 I got (What you got)? poppas like doctors I can change your life, 
 You should stop watching and jockin as if you ain't gon ride 
 I wonder somethin' baby we gon do somethin' to-ni-ght, oh oh 
 The way you talkin' girl you seem so invincible, 
 Its more than sexy girl the way that you take control, 
 I wonderwoman (Are you) are you my kinda woman? 
 Wit a back like that you fly like jets are you my wonderwoman 
 (Are You), shawty (Echo) 
 (Are You)? 
 Are you my wonderwoman? (are you)? 
 Are you my wonderwoman? (are you ooh ooh)? 
 Are you my wonderwoman? (are you)? 
 Are you my wonderwoman? 
 What's this game baby I wanna play, (I wana play) 
 What you say can't let you get away, 
 'Cause I don't wanna leave girl I only wanna be wit you, (wit you ooh ooh) 
 I got (What you got)? poppas like doctors I can change yo life, 
 You should stop watchin and jockin as if you ain't gon ride. 
 I wonder somethin' baby we gon do somethin' tonight, to-ni-ght ooh ooh. 
 The way you talkin' girl you seem so invincible 
 Its more than sexy girl (it's more than sex baby, ooh ooh ooh Baby) the way that you take control 
 I wonder woman, are you my kinda woman? 
 Wit a back like that you fly like jets are you my wonderwoman? 
 I wonder 'cause I need a special kinda woman beside me 
 You my wonderwoman come find me 
 We can do whateva woman long as we together woman, 
 This ain't a game (no) 
 I need a super kinda woman be-side me, (meeee) 
 Girl I need a miracle 
 Anythang is possible 
 Make your body be my home, 
 Let me come inside and we gon see if you invincible 
 (You seem so invinca-ble) 
 The way you talkin' girl you seem so invincible 
 Its more than sexy girl the way that you take control 
 I wonderwoman, are you my kinda woman? Ah (Are youuuuu)? 
 Wit a back like that you fly like jets are you my wonderwoman (are you) 
 Are you my wonderwoman (are you) 
 Are you my wonderwoman (are you) 
 Are you my wonderwoman 
 With a back like that you fly like jets are you my wonderwoman shawty 
 The way you talking girl you seem so invincible, 
 The way that you take control 
 I wonderwoman, 
 Are you my kinda woman 
 With a back like that you fly like jets are you my wonderwoman 
 If we could be superfriends in the world, 
 It'd be so incredible, 
 I can't help but wonder 'cause, 
 Wit a back like that you fly like jets are you my wonderwoman (oww!) 
 (Music Fades)