She giving me the side eye, saying she ain't staying over here 
 Each and every time I let her down like I didn't care 
 Guess I got used to hearing whatever I wanted to hear 
 Guess I got used to feeling, like you supposed to give it here 
 She said she thought I was different, but now she could see it clear 
 Said she ain't got nothing good to say so she ain't gon' say nothing, but this... 
 "You ain't shit", "you ain't shit", "you ain't shit" 
 Said she ain't got nothing good to say so she ain't gon' say nothing, but this... 
 "You ain't shit" 
 Guess she don't want me to hit her up no more 
 Guess she don't want me to beat it down no more 
 Maybe she's right and she's right, there's plenty girls I can call 
 Boy ain't you tired of this life, don't you ever get bored? 
 Guess I got used to hearing whatever I wanted to hear 
 Guess I got used to feeling, like you supposed to give it here 
 She said she thought I was different, but now she could see it clear 
 Said she ain't got nothing good to say so she ain't gon say nothing, but this... 
 You ain't shit, that's what she said to me 
 Looked me dead in the eyes and said, "you ain't shit" 
 Said she ain't got nothing good to say so she ain't gon say nothing, but this... 
 "You ain't shit" 
 Half the man that you think you are, no you ain't 
 Nothing like all the songs you sing, I hope you change 
 No better than my ex, other than the sex that I'm never will forget but it's on to the next 
 And I know you gonna regret when I'm gone, nigga yes 
 You ain't even took me shopping yet 
 Hold up, you saying I ain't shit? 
 Would you even be here with me here, yeah, if I wasn't rich? 
 We can talk about your ex cause you were cheating on him with me 
 And we can talk about the sex cause that's all it'll ever be 
 And you know that I ain't talk girl, on you 
 You're not a good girl, but you try hard to be 
 Said she ain't got nothing good to say so she ain't gon' say nothing, but this... 
 "You ain't shit", "you ain't shit", "you ain't shit" 
 Said she ain't got nothing good to say so she ain't gon' say nothing, but this... 
 "You ain't shit" 
 That's how you feel? 
 That's how you feel? 
 Damn, no it's cool, you know... It's too late for all this bullshit 
 You come here and you know what time it is and now you get all emotional 
 Now you know you've been drinking, what are you thinking? 
 Hey don't you hop behind that wheel girl, not tonight 
 You shouldn't drive, you drunk 
 I won't tell no lies, girl you hurt my pride 
 Girl you gotta give me them keys, come back inside 
 It ain't even that deep, why you tripping on me? 
 We can take it back a couple of weeks, you was just a homie 
 What's your problem? I check up, I check up, I check up on you like a doctor 
 We roll up, we smoke up, we roll up, we smoke up like rastas 
 And I keep you buzzing, you bussin, you bussin like doctor 
 You switching it up, came here to fuck, tell me now who's the imposter? 
 I see how your feelings got involved 
 Forgot that I was supposed to run when you called 
 Lay down on the bed and take it off 
 I break you off, problem solved 
 Do it quick, baby strip 
 I get you wet as you can get, I make it drip 
 Won't you gon show me who's it is? 
 Won't you gon show me you the shit? 
 Crawled up in it, I'm all up in it 
 When I fall up in it now I got you screaming you the shit 
 I'm a beast, I'm a freak, she was mad at a nigga 
 Now she glad that a nigga got her legs in the air like this 
 You the shit, you the shit, you the shit