It's be Gizzle (Heard me) 
 (Cut the music up, Ya that's good) 
 Too Hood 2 Be Hollywood (Bust something, shoot something) 
 One of the realest niggas that ever done it, right chyea, live and in living color 
 (Get em) 
 (Verse 1: B.G.) 
 It's like B. Gizzle, the world wide ghetto pass 
 I'm reppin nigga, take a flight to the motherland 
 I fear God only, never fear another man 
 It's never one hustle, I always got a backup plan 
 It ain't no secret I can tell ya 'bout the gutta man 
 I'm a write a book on how to come out the struggle man 
 Now come through, you know what's in them dufflebags 
 A lot of gats, a lot of cash, and some ski masks 
 You know my street pass, it been certified 
 Stop lying I'm a g you been heard about 
 Stop repping, you a pussy I been heard of you 
 You playin' with a gangsta homie the nerve of you 
 Oh you lookin' for me, but the homie lookin' for you 
 Have yo people wearing a rest in peace shirt of you 
 My reputation on the block been A-1 
 I'm the same N.O. nigga I been since day 
 (Chorus: Lil Wayne (Trey Songz)) 
 I said bust somethin', shoot somethin' 
 You just talking I know you ain't gon do nothin' 
 Pussy nigga (ya heard me?) 
 If you got something to lose, you gon lose something unless you do something 
 So (ya heard me?) 
 Gotta use what you've learned, in order to receive what you've earned 
 Make sure (ya heard me) 
 Real niggas do real things so recognize real niggas in the game 
 I know you heard me 
 You say (ya heard me), I say (ya heard me), He say (ya heard me), 
 I know you heard me, she say (ya heard me), everybody like it when I say (ya heard me) 
 (Verse 2: Juvenile) 
 You got a lot of nerve 
 They talkin' alot. I heard 
 Only round yo homies, when I'm round you know, not a word 
 I'm a heathen who fight for what he believes in, and I don't have no plans on leaving till I get even 
 Salt and pepper, nigga I'm seasoned for any reason 
 The day you want something with Juve, come on and see him 
 My G ain't gon allow me to lose, I'm busting shots as soon as you make a move 
 Ooh, I'm not a fan of fools that's why I got attitude 
 Runnin' your mouth to me, I'm a try to get at a dude 
 Don't even have a tool, what is you tryna prove 
 Gon head and choose ya [? ], 'cause I'm a shoot 
 (Verse 3: Lil Wayne) 
 N.O. on my fitted, I'm committed to my city 
 Anything I will commit it just to show that I'm committed 
 Commit it then get acquitted 
 Aye Gizzle let me get em, Gizzle let me get em 
 Eat 'em up and shit 'em (ha) 
 And ain't no explanation for this damn insanity 
 I'm a monster like I'm part of the Addams Family 
 And some say I am old, but I'm new to a few 
 And I'm blessed... achoo 
 I came to get me and I got you 
 And I'm so me and I'm not you 
 And even if you get married you could'nt do what I do 
 Now let me get high off my drug scandals 
 Life's a gamble...