(Intro / Mobb Deep): 
 Ha ha... 
 Yeah... 
 Uh-huh, right... 
 Part the crowd like the Red Sea... 
 Let's fight to this... 
 Don't even tempt me... 
 (Chorus / Mobb Deep): 
 We wanna kill you... (make y'all niggaz fight to this) 
 We wanna kill you... 
 (Prodigy): 
 Eh-yo, 
 Peace to our way of life 
 Hats off to all the trife 
 Let's toast to fully autos and foot long knives 
 Specially for stacks of green packs 
 My outfit ah perform, so blow all stained raps 
 Now let me take y'all niggaz back to my basics of this 
 Ya ancient to flip, fag catch a face lift 
 My shank do remarkable things for fakeness 
 My whole Mobb got the same patience 
 Throw on your tracks 8-6 
 And make moves like a space ship 
 We pack places, Infamous bangs ya nation 
 Ya light at the weight station 
 That weak shit need replacing, put this in heavy rotation 
 Overdose music 
 It's theraputic to the user 
 Driving wild under the influence of this 
 Careful, 'cause ya might just crash ya shit 
 Total ya whip and still pull my tape out the deck 
 Me and Mobb tryin' to connect like thirty thousand dollar links 
 Unpoppable, unstoppable, topple 
 (Cormega): 
 Yo, my drug cliental was bringing me money well 
 Smoking Buddha L's and weed so good 
 They leave a funny smell 
 Niggaz scoping me, hoping police is close to me 
 Mega regulatin' 
 The way shit's supposed to be 
 Gold chain choking me, cocaine provoking me 
 To live my destiny (ha) 
 Ja'causezi water soaking me 
 Floating in smoky Durango 
 Doing my thing yo, my mac milli 
 Sweeter than a mango 
 Son, you know the drilly 
 The drama is a part of me 
 Did time for cocaine, nines and armed robbery 
 My rhyme written graffiti is a live nigga prophecy 
 Mega poetic rhymes are like dimes but no credit 
 I leave ya mind paralysed dun, but don't wet it 
 Scarface persona, I acquired a taste for drama 
 And I embrace this, real shit 
 You banned from the projects 
 Your love here, ancient (fuck that) 
 Yo, I'ma see you 
 Nigga, you transperant see through 
 Rhymes fully automated, you semi crime related 
 Cormega and Mobb Deep rhyme amazing 
 Thug shit you can't fuck with... 
 What! 
 (Havoc): 
 Fuck ya bullshit rep, nigga you ass bet 
 Talking all that shit, don't even got cash yet 
 I floss, try to get away 
 No gats tossed 
 Got drama with my click, I'ma take it to the source 
 Q.B.C. representative, I'm just trying to live 
 If I can't get to you, I'ma take it to ya kids 
 Spray ya crib, fuck it son 
 Something gotta give 
 If I can't live then ain't nothing gonna live 
 That's dead ass 
 But to put this whole shit in a smash 
 You real, hit that ass up on four wheels 
 All jokes aside, you goin' squeal like them other rappers 
 You know we kick the truth, you wanna clap us 
 I got this, strictly out the mouth nothing but hot shit 
 Pop shit, you couldn't fuck this when we drop shit 
 You helpless, put your whole shit outta service 
 Put on some old shit (Thank God for this) 
 Yo, if it wasn't 
 Them niggaz like us, you just be ash dust 
 Hustling for petty kid cash 
 Come on know, you know I know 
 When it comes to gats, I'ma a hoe 
 Never bite my tongue, let them player haters know how we coming 
 Straight coming through while you running 
 Get done-ed, have that ass shaking like a bitch when she coming 
 One in a mil, slip that ass like a mickie 
 It's fifty-fifty fucking with this, nigga just come and get me 
 No doubt... 
 (Chorus / Havoc) 
 We wanna kill you (that's right) 
 We wanna kill you (no doubt, that's right) 
 We wanna kill you (no doubt, that's right) 
 We wanna kill you (no doubt, that's right) 
 We wanna kill you (no doubt, that's right) 
 We wanna kill you (no doubt, that's right) 
 We wanna kill you (no doubt, that's right) 
 We wanna kill you (no doubt, that's right)