Niggas love you when you up north sendin 'em flicks. Hate you when you home and you chillin' in whips. The same ones who say "son I feel your shit", be like "fuck that nigga he ain't givin' me shit." Niggas be sick, literally stress is bad for you. Envious shits really weak man, is you hearin me? Man up, where many niggas truth fulfill their needs. Stand up, stop sleepin', live your dreams. Only a weak nigga tries to live off strength. And when faced wit heavy burden, can't take the weight. When niggas know your secrets, it's a chance you take. And if your man hold it down, that's real, be thankful. Real recognize real, that ain't always true. A lot of people thrive while they man's eat steak food. Outta sight, outta mind, a few will remain true. It's not a game especially when they play you. 
 It is what it is, it ain't what it was. Fakers keepin' it real, haters deeper than love. Nothin' leaves, nothin' you get what you earn. As you reach valleys and peaks, you live and you learn. It is what it is, it ain't what it was. Fakers keepin' it real, haters deeper than love. Nothin' leaves, nothin' you get what you earn. As you reach valleys and peaks, you live and you learn. 
 As you mature, move on, forgive and forget. But be aware, some things you live to regret. They say know your enemy, remember your friend. Who against you becuz he ain't no different from him. Especially when you on and he wish you was him, in the position you in, that's when resentment begins to manifest how insecure he mentally is. A weak nigga, affectin his potential to win. Love is a home, hate is where treachery lives around the corner from death, drama, and felony bids. Tomorrows not promised, today is a gift. The present determines what your legacy is. What you did yesterday you can never relive. To pursue it is the question what your relevance is. Recognize the truth, so you better prepare, for lifes numerous tests or your destined to fail. 
 It is what it is, it ain't what it was. Fakers keepin' it real, haters deeper than love. Nothin' leaves, nothin' you get what you earn. As you reach valleys and peaks, you live and you learn.It is what it is, it ain't what it was. Fakers keepin' it real, haters deeper than love. Nothin' leaves, nothin' you get what you earn. As you reach valleys and peaks, you live and you learn.