(Feat. Buckshot Da B.D.I. Emcee/Boot Camp Clik) 
 (No Joke is a cover version of "I Ain't No Joke" by Rakim a fuller length version appears on promotional 12") 
 (No Joke:) 
 (Buckshot) 
 I ain't no joke, plus I got the bright smoke 
 Try to, cut my throat and I'ma go for broke 
 First of all I'm lettin motherf... ers know the deal 
 That if you steal from Buck, you bound to kneel 
 Now you can call it a loop, and you can get the clearance 
 But, to me it's interference when I move so what? 
 If you interfere you get ended here and get ate up 
 Couldn't hold your weight up, as I 
 Take hold of your spirit mind body and soul 
 Buckshot keeps the crowd controlled 
 So when I look in the crowd, and watch how people wonder, "Damn" 
 The way I flip my lyrics they don't understand 
 I'm just an addict addicted to microphones 
 Maybe it's a habit, uh, I gotta grab it 
 Even if it's broken I'ma fix that *shit* 
 Put it together, get in your face and kick that *shit* 
 Cause you ain't never, heard another MC like B.D.B 
 Emcee, rockin' double-D and we 
 Get busy, I'ma strip that throat 
 Peep it loc, breath control, I ain't no joke 
 (Funkmaster Flex) 
 Yaknahmean? Big shot to my man Buckshot 
 Big shot to Dru Ha, the whole Boot Camp Clik 
 Big shot to Duck Down, knahmean 
 Funkmaster Flex, volume two, sixty minutes y'all... fla-vor 
 I got a question - who remember the Panthers? 
 Who can get the average man to 
 Think with a military mind prepare get ready 
 You bomb first, no time to rehease the verse 
 Obey your thirst, but this ain't Sprite 
 Just take a sip of the liquid lyrics, I give all night 
 Blinded by the daylight sight 
 Follow my lead, 'cause I'ma lead you right 
 You heard, I was waitin on the sidelines 
 Waitin for the guidelines to attack so I can pay you back 
 Word, you ain't never heard a better superb 
 MC better than Buck, huh, break a leg good luck 
 If you think you gettin' past the blast ask the question 
 How you think Buck last, in the game? 
 So long, 'cause I was strong from the beginnin of time 
 When I wrote my first rhyme I was like damn 
 B.D. let the pen smoke 
 'Cause I knew bitin it could make you choke 
 Buck ain't no joke 
 (Boot Camp Clik:][Follow Me*:) 
 Just when you thought it was safe 
 I came back with the double D clan 
 Waitin for da man Buckshot 
 Da BDI... general, if I was you I wouldn't try 
 So many tried so I seen the petty pass by 
 Listen as I take you on a mission with precision 
 Like a brown cent went on a hunt 
 Worldwide searchin for the true ingredients 
 To make the pi ?? 6 
 Shorty wanna hound me for a flick 
 But I got my chips, you gettin' visions of my lips 
 Dicks swang, it don't mean a thang 
 'Cause when I was down, you was on the other side of town 
 Getting done by Starang, when he was in range 
 Now its gettin' cold, so you actin' kinda strange 
 Puttin' my time to you broke bitches 
 Don't do shit but stress me out, now I'm back in my riches 
 To get my blue print down to my very last dot 
 Every move every motivation that I need 
 Ain't no hesitation when it comes to rockin' when we speak 
 Just follow my lead on this jou-rney 
 You never heard another MC like me 
 Follow my lead on the jour-ney 
 You never heard another MC like me 
 Follow my lead on the journey 
 You never heard another MC like me 
 So poetically on point its ridiculous 
 Hittin every key bassline when I'm rippin this 
 Don't act like this ain't the shit right now 
 You know my hits make you wanna dance 
 But you still sittin' down 
 Dumb fucks have a seat and keep your tongue in your throat 
 And don't bother to quote one note 
 Or in the mirror you kickin the verse to mine 
 'Cause in the freestyle, you'll be the last to rhyme 
 This ain't the battle between the two best no more 
 Survival of the fittest... this shit is war 
 If you got your eyes open, you can see the light 
 If you need a guide, follow wit pride... right 
 So many people took my lyrics and hooks 
 If I wrote a book about you crook niggas gettin' shook 
 In a hot second, I'm a get the hot-steppin 
 On first, when I'm on my verse, niggas need a nurse 
 Witout the kill patient, ain't no hesitation 
 Bring your weapon like your military mind 
 And steppin on E, times over for you MC's 
 All hail to G-O-D's, G-O-D's...