Do you know where you're going to 
 Do you like the things that dope are showing you 
 Where are you going to 
 Take a deep breath, aren't you scared of the crime that's filling the air 
 Well, boy oh boy what's the world coming to 
 Turn on the news to see who killed who 
 See the dope man wherever you're going 
 Seeing young girls turning into the dope hoes 
 Well yo yo, it's time check it out 
 You're being self destroyed, you're being played out 
 And with guns your lives are being laid out 
 And jail's a place you never stay out 
 This is on a positive tip 
 So listen close if you don't wanna slip 
 I knew this one guy, his name I won't mention 
 Sex and money was his main intention 
 The jimmy hat, it could have been his invention 
 Robbing and stealing, murdering and killing 
 Losing his mind now he's in jail billing 
 It all started with slinging four bends 
 Knowing that their lifestyle would have to end 
 But he would pretend with all of his friends 
 He was the big time spend double spending a spend 
 But yo, that's not the was it would go 
 The feds cold busted with a couple of kilo 
 Ten to twenty five plus some gun pull jive 
 Now his woman kids as tears come down his eyes 
 Aw, because he's really getting care about the crime that's filling the air 
 Stay away from the dope man 
 Stay away from the dope 
 Stay away from the dope man 
 Learn how to say no 
 I take a trip down memory lane 
 This was my homey and ??? 
 Got hooked to 'cane thought she'd gain, what came was pain 
 The dope man 
 I went to a house and dope move then 
 She was looking so frail and just to the thin 
 I said girl, girl, look how you're changed 
 You're mind rearranged 'cause they're heading for danger 
 The dope changed her 
 She used to be a scholar making big dollars 
 But dope moved in, I tried to warn her 
 She was smoking, doing coke and just into doping 
 She wouldn't listen, now she's missing 
 Every time I see her she starts denying, living a lying 
 I've seen her not long ago standing on a corner she turned into a ho 
 I said, oh no, that's how she went? 
 Now her life on dope is spent 
 Stay away from the dope man 
 Stay away from the dope 
 Stay away from the dope man 
 Learn how to say no 
 Guys, girls gangbangers, dope slinger 
 Whoever that you may be 
 Listen close to Smooth the MC 
 Do you know where you're going to 
 Do you like the things that dope is showing you 
 Where are you going to 
 Where is it leading, where are you headed? 
 It seems to me into a permanent bedding 
 You better turn back or your life you'll lack 
 Oh, is that how it should stay? 
 Smoke your dope dope, get your dope pay? 
 Go on and have a dope day? 
 That's how you want it to be? 
 You'd rather sell dope to your brothers who live legally? 
 Or die and make your mother cry? 
 All of this for a five second high? 
 So many die 
 Stay away from the dope man 
 Stay away from the dope, well all right 
 Stay away from the dope man 
 Learn how to say no 
 All you out there who don't wanna slip 
 Remember the positive tip 
 Stay away from the dope man