(Feat. Beanie Sigel) 
 Ray Cash: 
 I know this ain't life man. I know I ain't here just for this man. There's gotta be a better way man. 
 Gotta be. 
 (Ray Cash) 
 Scene one, mother looks into a new borns eyes while thanking god for the gift of spirit hits as she crys. While on the other side another mother is cryin. She just watched a life she brought in the world painfully die and while the other mother holds her baby close to her breast. Other mother question god 'cause she copin with death. Heart heavey soul hollow. Hope came in and left. But a women once filled with joy screams "They killed my boy." Somethin' that the other mother hopes to avoid. Livin' with a sense of loneliness, she feelin' a void. A brand new baby boy, what a beautiful thing. Momma's only 17, didn't consider her dreams. Her pops got popped and her moms was a fiend. A unity inside a family, amongst other things. While the other mother droped to her knees and screamed with her face to the sky as she asked god why? But I know... 
 We gonna make it out one day. There's gotta be a better way. Don't understand the pain I feel but I'm hard to heal, this life's so real. We gonna make it out one day. There's gotta be a better way. Don't understand the pain I feel but I'm hard to heal, this life's so real. 
 (Verse 2: Beanie Sigel) 
 Kids home, cryin. The baby need pampers. Moms steady cryin, stomach ache 'cause she's famish. Gotta chain smokin' and though she know its cancerous. That's life and its happenin'. She livin' for today uh. You can count her stresses from my hand full of grace. Her heart achin hands shakin as she wipe her tears away (dear god). As she pray provide a mill a day. Lord my baby bottle empty. Fill it halfway. Life's real. Mother strugglin. Kids suffer. A lot of fathers in jail they handcuffed 'em. For intent to sell a white substance. To provide a mill for his wife and her strugglins. His intentions was good. But still some are judgin. And label him a statue of a fool like Dave Ruppert. I thought somehow some way we supposed to make it out this ____. But still this can't be life, this can't be right. 
 There's a better way man. There's gotta be. Can't be life man. 
 (Verse 3: Ray Cash) 
 Lord knows that I thank him every day that I rise. Though at times scared to open my eyes (I'm scared). I'm wonderin if it's a new day I did my wish. Wit death come a life. Hopin the gates, hopin to go inside. As I open my eyes, I'm pissed off that the sun still shine. Maybe tomorrow, he'll call and do time. As I try to wait, light me cigarette and inhale my graze. Take the smoke up through my nose to help me shorten my days. The newspaper front page read 9/11. Hope the victims try and bine in heaven (Damn) (God bless). As the world still turns my cigarette burn. Put my ashes in my urn, still waitin my turn. I know it was in front of me, too busy lookin' behind. Searchin for somethin' not knowin' what I'm searchin to find. My ____ in the same boat. Blind leadin the blind. Homie, for money he starvin. I'll just feed him with mine in due time.