(Feat. Scarface) 
 That's right, uh... recognize real ghetto vision, nigga 
 Cleveland... open up ya' doors 
 (Verse 1: Ray Cash) 
 I'm in the old school '84 Delta 88 
 Wit' a ounce, but I'm bouncin' like I'm out here movin' weight 
 Bumpin (Biggie) in the pioneer as I reminisce 
 Before that it was "D'evils" took 'em back to '96 
 I went down to houston for some face 
 Mary Jane wit' a coincidence I'm blowin' swishas doin' the same thing 
 Six-hundred for some big "O's", (400 degrees) 
 I'm a ho, Playaz Club, (Ice Cube), (Master P) 
 And since I'm movin' my yay, know I got "UGK" 
 Ridin' dirty lookin' for that high life pimp what more can I say? 
 I'm just stickin' and movin', under my seat is my tool, and I keep it for 
 Any nigga wanna be trippin' or foolin' 
 I'm just bumpin' my music as I'm spinnin' the ben 
 I'm bumpin' (Pac), picture me rollin' without spillin' my "Hen" 
 Yeah... Yeah, now as I spin in the ben, I'm bumpin' (Pac) picture me rollin' 
 Without spillin' my "Hen" 
 I'm just bumpin' my music... music... music... 
 Bumpin' my music 
 Wanna hear my music? Well let me open up my door 
 Release my reefer smoke so you can hear my speakers blow... 
 Now back to the '84 big body 2 door 
 No blaze on the muhfucka but it still roll 
 Memba' what told you what I had stashed in the dash 
 Back in the past... well... now I got two "O's" 
 Ricky tells, two show, comin' out hard 
 Doors wide open, kids dancin in the yard 
 While I'm stuntin' like Evel Knievel man 
 Bumpin' Cutlass, Monte Carlos and "Rivas" man 
 Rollin' in "slow mo", like the whole block screwed 
 Like bill '79, bumpin' (Devin the Dude) 
 On the way to the telly, we was bumpin' (R. Kelly) 
 And right before I cut her, it was "Confessions" from (Usher) 
 She ain't used to a thug, she love the way I ride 
 While I'm bumpin' "My Life" by (Mary J. Blige) 
 See I damn near cried day (Rick James) died 
 See that shit was "cold blooded", but the music keep pumpin' 
 I'm just bumpin' my music... music... music... 
 Bumpin' my music 
 Wanna hear my music? Well let me open up my door 
 Release my reefer smoke so you can hear my speakers blow... 
 (Verbal) 
 Yeah... Face Mob is in the builind 
 I'm in the area 
 Hey, I like that shit you on, ya dig? 
 And I got some shit I'ma put you on... I'ma put you on that shit I be on 
 (Verse 3: Scarface) 
 It was like FUCK THE POLICE comin' straight from the underground 
 A young nigga blowin' (Big) comin' down 
 A nigga with the attitude easy re-in' (Dre and Q) 
 Creepin' up the avenue, that how you had to do 
 YES... I'm the rhythm, the rebel without a cause, never lowerin' my level 
 I'm on some (Chuck D) shit from PE 
 Six in the mornin' I hustle with (Ice T) 
 Six in the evenin' I'm chillin' wit' (Willy B) 
 Leavin' out the nickel I'm bumpin' some (Kool G. Rap) 
 Back to the neighborhood, shoot me some craps 
 I'm fuckin' wit' that pluck wit' the kool aid pack 
 And now I got a brotha by the name of (Warren Lee) 
 Hot shot Regal illegal, like marley 
 I get down like I'm (BDP) 
 Ass blaster like blast faster cocked and squeeze 
 I'm just bumpin' my music... music... music... 
 Bumpin' my music 
 Wanna hear my music? Well let me open up my door 
 Release my reefer smoke so you can hear my speakers blow...