Yeah... uh... 
 Johnny what it do 
 Feel good, so good 
 Gettin' paper nigga, so much paper man 
 Quarter mill off Sex Appeal 
 What you know about that... Hey! 
 Eastside for life, I'm a Cleveland nigga 
 I'm gonna ride to the day I die, get high 
 Bury me with my chrome 4-5 
 Tell these haters I'm gettin', that dough 
 Make a hater wanna hate me even more 
 Tell me is it my swag, the way I ride 
 'Cause you frequently might see me in your trap 
 Tell these haters I'm gettin', that dough 
 I make a hater wanna hate me even more 
 Tell me is it my chain, my bling 
 'Cause a nigga simply Do The Damn Thing! 
 Tell these haters I'm gettin'... 
 (Ray Cash) 
 I'm gettin' that dough, I make a hater wanna hate for sho 
 'Cause I'm here doing shows, gettin' dough 
 Quarter mill off of Sex Appeal, you'nt know 
 Now blame it on the flow, blame it on the dro 
 It's alot of niggaz pissed 'cause I hit they ho 
 But it wasn't my fault, the life I bought 
 She lookin' at me wonder how much my jewels cost 
 I asked her was I fresh, she replied "yes" 
 Still captivated by the diamonds on my chest 
 I told her take a guess, couple for the watch, couple for the chain 
 Girl I Do The Damn Thing! 
 Don't forget the ring baby peep my swag 
 Got dro by the jar homie, I don't fuck with bags 
 I'm the realest rapper that this city ever had 
 Rick Realla's? in the building, you don't like it kiss my ass 
 Man we down to blast, catch us hanging out the window 
 If you want beef, don't think you knowin' what you in for 
 Listen here fam, I'll blare 'em at your kinfolk 
 Until it blast I'm poppin' tags, nigga watch me spend more 
 Get Money! 
 Let 'em hate! 
 Ride big! 
 Push weight! 
 (Ray Cash) 
 I'm gettin' that cheese, and that's why you niggaz hatin' on me 
 See now I understand, I'm the mothafuckin man 
 Doing what I wanna to do, you doing what you can 
 Got my gun up in my hand, Cartier frames 
 Cost over a grand man I see every thing 
 I did it for the paper, but they gave me the fame 
 So in return, hey... Do The Damn Thing! 
 I ain't here to stunt, I ain't come here to floss 
 I just came to tell you niggaz I'm the mothafuckin boss 
 And if you wanna rap, it just might cost 
 You might win some, but yo ass just lost... 
 Get Money! 
 Let 'em hate! 
 Ride big! 
 Push weight!