Yeah... Yeah 
 Huh... What... Yeah 
 Ray Cash mothafuckas, huh 
 This is payback man, from Cleveland to the public 
 They thought Cleveland was whack 
 Nah... not me 
 Yeah, keep it Cleveland right here man... holla at me... 
 (Ray Cash) 
 To all the killas and the hundred dollar billas 
 Like to welcome you to Cleveland, this the home of Ray Scrilla 
 Where we all blow swishers, all chase figures 
 With our eye on the prize, while the law chase niggaz, get high! 
 Comtemplate the paper chasing but them crackas giving complications 
 Locking niggaz up without a combiniton, prison is not in my vision 
 Even though it coincide with the life and the way that I'm living 
 My mind designed with a divine sense of division, multiplication and addition 
 I'm a math-a-gician, I was taught to subtract anything trying to intervene and 
 To distract the type of paper that I'm trying to attract 
 We really don't wanna have to clap, but if it has to happen 
 Its happened as simple as that, chip stacking rather its coming from 
 Jacking the packs, I hustle, but it just so happen I rap, and I'm back and this is... 
 (Scratching) Payback, Payback 
 Payback, Payback 
 Mothafucka this is... 
 Payback, Payback, Payback 
 From Cleveland to the public this is... 
 Payback, Payback, Payback, Payback 
 (Repeats) 
 (Ray Cash) 
 To all the killas and the hundred dollar billas 
 Dropping big faces, popping cham by the cases 
 Hustling states to states switching your location 
 I applaud you all, you deserve an ovation 
 But hit the blunt for those in isolation, got hot knocked 
 Inside of a box pacing, waiting, patient for they day of arraignment 
 Worried about they family and time they facing 
 Look don't worry about the streets, the streets ain't changing 
 Me I'm doing good dog, hope y'all maintaining 
 These hos ain't changed man, we still bang em 
 When theirs beef off in the street we still flaming 
 But don't worry about the drama, nigga worry about your mama 
 Write her letters, I'll fly you this kite, know your nights is hard 
 Know you hate it in the yard, rather be out here pushing raw 
 But when you get released, come holla at your dog 
 And we can give these fuckas... huh 
 (Scratching) Payback, Payback, Yeah... 
 Payback, Payback 
 'Cause this is... 
 Payback, Payback, Payback 
 Mothafucka this is... 
 Payback, Payback, Payback, Payback 
 Heh, niggaz thought Cleveland was whack man, that's funny to me... 
 (Ray Cash) 
 Who wanna challenge, ? me and my nigga battle cry was do or die 
 So if it's you and I, uno got to go then you should know I must survive 
 Ain't no surprise, money values always out a niggaz' life 
 Before I snitch I bet I die, no witness live to testify 
 I let the fact remain, leave the crack or rap game 
 My shit the same, only face I change at a green exchange 
 From George, to Abe, from Abe to Andy, Jack to Grant 
 Ulysses and Benjis, pinkies make niggaz green with envy 
 My goal is not a Bently, listen my goal to have control of a digi 
 With 6 o's and can't nothing prevent me, simply 
 The nigga in me got me drinking remy, I'm greedy therefore 
 I'm needy and so I need more than demi, plus the flow is good and plenty 
 You can pick your favorite rapper... innie-minnie-miney-moe 
 Compared to me they tiny though, now say something 
 To all my niggaz with that scrilla could you stay fronting, killas spray something 
 Give these mothafuckas... huh 
 (Scratching) Payback, Payback, Yeah... I had to do it man... 
 Payback, Payback 
 Its Ray Cash man, right now you call me Ray The Jeweler... 
 Payback, Payback, Payback 
 Niggaz thought a nigga from Cleveland drop jewels like this man... 
 Payback, Payback 
 Ha, its crazy, they thought we fell off though man... 
 Payback, Payback 
 I had to give these motha... I had to give these mothafuckas... Payback 
 Payback, Payback, Payback, Payback 
 (Repeats)