The blues has always been totally American. 
 As American as apple pie ... as American as the blues 
 As American as apple pie, the question is why? 
 Why should the blues be so at home here? 
 Well, America provided the atmosphere 
 (You don't see what I see) 
 Everyday as Warren G. I take a look over my shoulder as I get older 
 Getting tired of mothers fuckers sayin' "Warren I told ya." 
 (You don't hear what I hear) 
 But it's so hard to live through these years with these funny bunny niggas, 
 Ain't shit changin'. Got my mama wonderin if I'm gang bangin'. 
 But I don't pay attention to these father figures. I just handle mine, 
 And I'm rollin' wit my niggas. Off to tha V I P, ya see, Snoop dogg and Warren G. 
 Unbeliveable as time just flies right before your eyes but you don't recognize. 
 Now whos the real victim? Can you answer that? The nigga that's jack 
 And all the fool getting jacked... yeah 
 (You don't see what I see) 
 Everyday as Warren G 
 (You don't hear what I hear) 
 But it's so hard to live through these years 
 (X 2) 
 Another sunny day. 
 Another bright blue sky. 
 Another day another mutha fucka die. 
 These are the things I went through when I was growing up. 
 There's only one hood a nigga should be throwin' up. 
 And I knew it, there really ain't nothing to it, 
 Thinkin' every fools gotta go through it. 
 Now lets go back, (how far?) back in time. 
 Drivin' to these hookers tryin' to mack for mine. 
 I remember when we all used to stop at the spot. 
 Back then my nigga name was Snoop rock. huh, 
 It's all so clear, '87, '88, then '89's tha year. 
 Ya say everywhere we roll, you can say we roll thick. 
 Way back then 2 1 3 was a clique. 
 Somethin' the state paid I was just a young haul, 
 Warren G, Snoop Rock, and Nate Dogg. 
 (You don't see what I see) 
 Everyday as Warren G 
 (You don't hear what I hear) 
 But it's so hard to live through these years 
 (X 2) 
 You make me holla, 
 Get out tha game, too many mutha fucka's know my name. 
 While Snoop Doggs servin' time up in Wayside, 
 I puts in down on the street, don't try to take my. 
 I had to re-ensure tha homie that he wasn't alone. 
 We talk, and him and Nate conversate on tha phone. 
 He kept sayin', "Nigga it won't be long, B-4 a little skinny nigga like me'll be home." 
 I said "Snoop, thangs then changed. It's not the same, we need to get up out the game. 
 'Cause we can get paid in a different way with you kicken dope rhymes and I DJ." 
 Well as time go passed, slowly we tried to make it. 
 But things are getting hectic, I just can't take it. 
 Should I A. Go back to slangin dope? 
 Or should I B. Maintain and try to cope? 
 Or should I C. Just get crazy and wild? 
 But no I chose D. Create the G child. 
 It's be on ever since with me and Mr. Grim, 
 This shit is getting so hectic that I can't even trust him now. 
 What would you do for a warren g cut? 
 Would act tha fool and nut the fuck up? 
 Back tha fuck up? 
 Act tha fuck up? 
 Niggas talk shit they get smacked tha fucked up. 
 Striaght up! 
 (You don't see what I see) 
 Everyday as Warren G 
 (You don't hear what I hear) 
 But it's so hard to live through these years 
 (Until fade out)