G Child- 
 Mr. President, hey, this is the G Child 
 Spacekateers, I'm back baby yes I'm back 
 And Mr. President you're not chillin' in the house baby 
 You're not chillin' in the house 
 Ya know why? huh? huh? Should I tell ya? 
 You know why? Yeah... 'cause ya ya ya ya chillin' in the shack beeyatch! 
 This is the shack, this is how we act 
 Caps I peel, flex my steel 
 Its ya muthafuckin third letter of ya alphabet 
 Put Knight at the individ 
 It's a nigga you can't get with 
 Funky styles, I be showin niggaz 
 I be blowin' niggaz straight out they socks, because 
 The Dove Shack is comin' more twisted than dredlocks 
 Now plot on the shack if you wanna 
 But if you get caught slipping 
 We will be dippin 
 Down your block 
 Just to street sweep your spot, nigga 
 But you can still follow along, grab ahold of my nut sack 
 Because I've got the doja 
 Oh I haven't told ya much love to my nigga Warren 
 He's a G, hook me, now I'm gettin' funky 
 I'm chillin' with my feet up on the table in the shack 
 With my revolver, problem solver 
 Waitin for a nigga to fuck with this 
 So I can let his ass know who he is 
 This is the shack, this is how we act 
 Caps I peel, flex my steel 
 2 Scoops- 
 It's the nigga 2 Scoops, the Long Beach Eastsider 
 Niggaz start to duck when I come 'cause I'm a ridah 
 So I suggest you get the 411 on the shack 
 We peelin caps to the front, then we peel 'em back 
 Approachin the wrong way, with no delay I blast your ass 
 Draw for the gat but the Scoop is much faster 
 You can't miss me with that, step in my path 
 I let the AK ripper cut that ass in half 
 I dwells, I bells, in the LBC 
 The real menace to society 
 Packin up all righty 
 A flow, but watch the one I used to abuse this track 
 We in front of that ass and you still can't see the shack 
 So pack up your gear and run and hide 
 (And pass the doja to the left hand side) 
 We comin' like that, it ain't no love for no rat 
 I guess that's how we act when we chillin' in the shack 
 This is the shack, this is how we act 
 Caps I peel, flex my steel 
 As you enter into the zone called the G Funk (now relax) 
 Here a lie a war with the west (Dove Shack) 
 Kicks it is a know em 
 Rip 'em will be torn 
 Dip it as we flip it 
 Wicked with the Warren G child 
 See styles, meanwhile freestyles have been rendered 
 I see the door of your mind, may I enter? 
 I knock and I promise I won't hurt you 
 The definition of G Funk is just something to like swerve 
 To something to smoke herb 
 To sunk we and we serve 
 Get with the dope herb 
 Take a tall kid beat the loccness 
 Lessons will be taught before caught in the shuffle 
 Flexin all the muscle, livin' large is fuckin' rustle 
 I'm Simmons, I'm Robin, like givin' 
 I know you love this funky style 
 Out this world, make your head twirl 
 Hear the less, now play the squirrel as you earl on the track 
 Who am I Bo Roc from The Dove Shack 
 This is the shack, this is how we act 
 Caps I peel, flex my steel 
 'Cause you ain't in the house, 'cause you's in the shack 
 Fire up the sack, this is how we act