(Feat. Mr. Malik) 
 (Warren G) 
 This DJ, he gets down 
 Mixing records while he go round 
 To the Hip to the Hop you just don't stop 
 Producing funky tracks till it makes you drop 
 Conjunction junction, what's my function 
 I'm hookin up tracks so that niggaz can function 
 It's not Pete Rock or that nigga Dr. Dre 
 It's this muthafuckin nigga from around the way 
 The one who brings you styles on timesy, whymsy 
 That's why it's so hard to find me 
 Conduction, construction when I bust choo choo, bustas 
 It's a must when I bust when I bust, I gotta come correct 
 The R to the E to the S-P-etc architect 
 Yup nigga no I'm not tweakin 
 Its one of the 16 minds that I'm speaking 
 The W-A the double R the E into the uh 
 A-B-C-D-E-F to the muthafuckin G 
 Ooh shit as I flex I wrecks I checks 
 So what's next 
 (Mr. Malik) 
 Oh who's next, to catch flack on the menu 
 I snap necks when I flex let me continue 
 Send you, on a mission when I rock 
 It goes on and on and on and you know it don't stop 
 Yes I'm back on another route, ready to take 'em all out 
 Now can't get with this, 'cause they get faded without a doubt 
 Check em, I wreck 'em like 1-2-3 why 
 They can't fuck with that rude one Malik 
 Will I drop, can't stop it, lit it up like a rocket 
 When they get out of line I grip the nine out my pocket 
 Lock it down, yeah that's what I do 
 How could you come solo nigga when I run through ya whole crew 
 I rule, fool, act like you heard it 
 The one I run with, can't remember the last he murdered 
 Dem do away or them get dealt with 
 Give the noise I want silence, no bubbaclad bullshit 
 Nigga, it's all about my grip 
 So the one who starts to slip is the one who gets ripped 
 Kept a chip on my shoulder not now that I'm older 
 They, all of me, the LBG high roller 
 'Cause back in the days on the side where we sat 
 Niggaz a come up missin' if they didn't have they strap 
 So why, try to be, like me 
 Just when you pull back a G and I think I'm Mr. Malik 
 Well if the beat is funkadelic then the tune is right 
 Mr. Malik and Warren G so tonight's the night that we spark 
 We spark in the dark when we do it in the park 
 (Mr. Malik) 
 Well it's the A to the B 
 (And the C to the D) 
 Hey my name is Mr. Malik with that DJ Warren G 
 (Mr. Malik can you hear me) 
 Yes I'm the host with the most they can't get close or even near me 
 (I said a tick, tock, tickin to the Era) 
 I said a pick which glock bitches get shot its still terror 
 (Terror, terror, pick which glock) 
 Which one? (the black one with the big pin lock) 
 Me and Dre and the fly honey so those who wanna get dropped 
 Nigga go knock, knock I trick a flow non-stop 
 Fly double I never slip trip or flip flop 
 The tune is funkadelic, the crew was right 
 But if Malik will make ya smell it then tonight's the night 
 For me to stay trump tight 
 Up with my nigga Warren G 
 That's sorrow when you borrow but you can't be oweing me 
 What's next 
 (Warren G) 
 Woo! 
 I say what's next, what's next what's N-X-E-T 
 It's me, Warren to the muthafuckin G 
 Flowin with my little homey named Malik 
 Yes, everybody will just tweak 
 Off the new style ill ease that we got 
 Yes, it's me Warren G on the block 
 Pump pump, block glock, let me just tick tock 
 It's me Warren G on the muthafuckin rock 'n' roll 
 Stroll, then stiff back to the rap 
 It's me with the big black mack 11 strap 
 So let me uh flix into the flex 
 Woo! So what's next 
 Well if the beat is funkadelic then the tune is right 
 Mr. Malik and Warren G so tonight's the night that we spark 
 'Cause we spark in the dark when we do it in the park