Papoose 
 ScottStorch Scott Storch 
 Papoose Pa Poose 
 Snoopdogg Snoop Dogg 
 Helicopter in the sky, airplane in the clouds, 
 Boats in the ocean, cars travel the ground, 
 I watch from the balcony, this is a busy town, 
 I kinda like miami, I might lock it down. 
 My girl wit me, she cook better than mr. chows 
 Told her I order somethin' baby just dial 
 Zero for room service, she looked up and smiled 
 I was just stuck in the hood, look at me now 
 Opened up my safe and put the chain around 
 My neck then I locked my watch... bling blaow 
 Pinky ring and bracelet, kinda loud 
 I got alotta jewels 'cause I got alotta style 
 Before I got here, my homie was on trial 
 Walked in the court, the jurors was like wow 
 Hollered at shaq, they was playin' some clowns 
 Went to the game, can't blend in with the crowd 
 Won a couple grand when shaquille got fouled 
 Bet you he make these, an easy ten thou 
 The best of both worlds is a kilo and a pound 
 In case I gotta bang I'm totin the 40 cal 
 CHORUS (Papoose and Snoop) 
 You got a system in your truck? Let it bang. 
 I could see your butt from the front. Let it bang. 
 You gang bang then it's all the same thing 
 We can bang it on out. we can bang it out. 
 I dare y'all to violate. we can bang it out. 
 Ice grillin in my face. we can bang it out. 
 Tryna stick me for my papes. we can bang it out. 
 We can bang it on out. we can bang it on out. 
 Snoop 
 What it is? what it was? who you wit? is you wit us? 
 'Cause we love to bang and swing and live it up 
 I get low and roll a tre wit a fo'. 
 Break bread or fake dead. that's the slogan lil homie 
 Why you da boss? see I been chosin lil homie 
 And I been doin' this the old fashioned way 
 Stickin movin on these suckas just like Cassius Clay 
 Make it rain? naw boo I'm tryna stash my cash away 
 Knockin' down trap doors, and turnin' out rap whores 
 Sellin out rap tours, on your favorite television show 
 Goin' hard on 'em though 
 East coast let loose, my nephew papoose, he got the juice so 
 Watch the impala as it swing by, and 
 Be on the lookout for them boys with them gang signs 
 That's us, and you can trust we gon' bust 
 Big snoop and papoose bang bang in your truck 
 Papoose 
 My style similar to hell, hotter than high temperatures 
 World wide finisher, the U.S. I'm the lyrical president 
 The U.K. king, wild sinister 
 They love me in Canada, they call me the prime minister 
 Said I'd lose my life on the corner 
 But I'm in Miami on the balcony, overlookin the water 
 Give my credit card to my daughter 
 Tell her to swipe it like swiper from Dora the Explorer 
 And I just bought her the ice that don't melt 
 I give her what she want, she spoiled like old milk 
 They'll say the block slow if you ain't really smart chill 
 Cop from another connect, give you the raw deal 
 Flip your money twice then come for some more crills 
 Dudes will flip on you, the game ill 
 Since they like flippin on me 
 Man I cop that long steel 
 Hit him in his side and make him do a cartwheel