(Evil laugh) 
 Yeah! You know who it is! It's ya boy Hot Rodddd... 
 Haha. Chillin' wit my man Papoose. Get that gwap nigga... 1.5... Haha... love it... Hey, let me borrow 20 bucks nigga... Hahaha 
 (Woo-hoo!) 
 Verse 1 - Hot Rod 
 Man these niggas is so shook. 
 I had to get an alarm on my pen and insurance on my notebook. 
 You lil rappers is textbook, still tryin' to bounce past while I hit 'em wit the no look. 
 Now give me the loop, Hennessey and juice, while I'm spittin' with Papoose, in my fine man suit. 
 If Hip-Hop is dead, we goin' to it's grave, yep... (Yep!) 
 To hold a concert and watch the shit raise up... (Ow!) 
 And then call it the second coming, real MCs is celebratin', the fake ones start runnin'. (Wooh) 
 You ain't poppin' no gun if you ain't got one... (No!) 
 You ain't flippin no hoes if you ain't got none... (Naw!) 
 Shotgun in the old school, but I'm from the new school, my whip, O seven, new shoes... 
 He dishin for winnin', my lyrics are limited, I got shit for the children, I got shit for the women... 
 And if you ain't feelin' all the bars that I'm spillin, 
 I'll leave a lyrical puddle, you walk by and slip in it. 
 Download my crack, I have you beggin... Timbo to ya knee cap 'cause I don't bootleggin... 
 If you want it that bad nigga, come get it. I spit premium rap, yo shit is unleaded. 
 From the west to the east, I murder tracks. I got producers puttin' vests on they beats nigga... 
 Pap-oose. Pap... oose A yo Hot Rod... What up my nigga... G-Unit what up... If I loan you 20, you know you gotta give me back 40... 
 Verse 2 (Papoose) 
 I feel like a... black democrat overthrowing these niggas raps, kill a track, fitted cap, sittin' ova my wisdom black. 
 Go get ya gat, let's interact, I grip the mack. 
 Represent my homies who in the can like Similac. 
 The most powerful MC, that's just a fact. 
 Al Sharpton asked me to march with em, how real is that? 
 It's so easy to twist ya cap. 
 But a wise man told me it's more than two ways to skin a cat. 
 So I just stand on the podium provin. 
 You claimin you the king but it's only illusion. 
 If you start somethin', gotta show me conclusion. You represent the phoniest movement. 
 That's the same reason that you don't be improvin. 
 I take my time, y'all be rushin like the Soviet Union. 
 They talk tough to see you and give you a pound. 
 That's why I tell em, pardon my left, and spin 'em around. 
 I smoke the bubonic tonic, exotic, melodic, brolic, bionic, psychotic, ironic, hynpotic kinda chronic. 
 On every project, my object is make the product the hardest. 
 Smartest comments, modest, honest, artist. New York is a caucus. 
 I abolish, demolish, astonish, promise no college. 
 Harvard is garbage, acknowledge homage to Farmers and Martyrs 
 Sick of these officers often causin a coffin and walkin'. 
 So I decided to comment and got responses from Congress. 
 This is retarded, this nonsense, I make they officers varnish. 
 Shoulda been cautious, they nauseous, roll out the carpet, I walk it. Talkin', the talkin' enforcin. I see they plot is demonic. But I can stop at the Prophet, 'cause I just watch it and drop it. 
 No 40 dolla deposit... 
 Who let 'em outta the closet? 
 They know my bars is symbolic, I drop the Islamic logic. 
 Yeah... I show you how to Hip-hop it. The Nacirema Dream, first quarter, go cop it...