I came in the game with the fame on the brain 
 What a shame I was in and the changes are taming 
 All the lames of the game kept staying on my lane 
 But this train on the brain it was drained 
 No pain, no game, cocaine, dope game 
 We was raised by the things we were slinging 
 Shot us straight in the veins and I ain't been the same 
 So they staying that I was facing the rainman 
 Real cake is the same, you were wasting your chance by making it rain 
 I was raining! 
 To depend with the thing were you bang with your gang 
 If you bang with your gang better claim it! 
 And in fact I stayed it was never ever caded 
 So what I thought was caded related 
 We got the pitcher in our places soon as I lace it 
 Created pain and frame it! 
 I can send the races with snakes 
 Fakeness the hatred straight to the Matrix 
 Drop tune just so you can face it 
 Basic, embrace it, raise it, bass it appraise it, 
 Everybody wanna be boss when it's all good 
 When it goes to the left they complain it 
 The responsibilities for your own action 
 What did happen captain 
 Stop blaming! 
 Is this for your fault, my fault their fault, out fault 
 Stop blaming! 
 I was gonna play fingers to go to bad guy 
 He did it, she did it, stop blaming! 
 Sometimes she happens cause it happens when it happens 
 Gotta stop blaming! 
 Every time you put your fingers back at somebody else 
 You hold your finger point back at you! 
 Stop blaming! 
 I took my chance to my stance to enhance in events 
 You're the champ, I'm a take your belt 
 Sniff coke, shoot dope, take bats off 
 So you can swallow pills to disgrace your health 
 You'll be spending on the strippers 
 Checking on benches giving all your riches 
 You just waste your wealth 
 The song goes on, you're a poor old pal 
 When all goes wrong gotta blame yourself 
 I will be yarning some carrying still revolve 
 Was pop take a grudge to his grave, 
 These feelings he feel were hard 
 I will be honored to bury your filthy coffin 
 Build in all this filthy nuisance 
 Just to ease your guilty conscious 
 I never walk without a strap closer then a lag 
 Closer to my lap put the blaze the weapon 
 You pointing on the rap woke us out of sense 
 Pull a lot of racks, damn momma raised a legend! 
 We're tolling on the check tolling on a jet 
 Put the tool behind your back ain't paper toward us 
 We go to total getting names just to hate a lame 
 Never would have take the blame, but you take the credit! 
 Is this for your fault, my fault their fault, out fault 
 Stop blaming! 
 I was gonna play fingers to go to bad guy 
 He did it, she did it, stop blaming! 
 Sometimes she happens cause it happens when it happens 
 Gotta stop blaming! 
 Every time you put your fingers back at somebody else 
 You hold your finger point back at you! 
 Stop blaming!