Intro by papoose: 
 You wanna go to war? let's get it then, 
 If war bring peace I'm wit it then, 
 I don't start beef, I finish it, 
 Ghetto soldiers, we militent. 
 AKON: 
 I don't like to fuss or fight, 
 Just tryin' to live life right, 
 But don't take my kindness for weekness 'cause I will take your life. 
 At first I will walk away, unless you push me to play, 
 But that's somthin I know you'll regret, so please don't forget: 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, desperado ooh 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, good man sing ooh 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, how white sing ooh 
 Yes, a ghetto soldier, black man sing ooh 
 Papoose: 
 The soldiers get trained my the lieutenant, 
 The lieutenant gets all of his orders from the captain. 
 General, when I was young, I got drafted. 
 Sent me to the army of brooklyn, those bastards. 
 Full of soldiers, my homies lay in caskets, 
 They couldn't survive the heat, 
 Just like the mavericks. 
 And I don't buy wolf tickets from niggas, 
 But niggas be wolfin so I walk around wit my clippers. 
 Some of my people was alive for my struggle, 
 But ain't lived to see my success. 
 They wanted to see me make it, but got stripped naked, 
 And laid in the mall 'cause of death. 
 So yo now that I'm successful, 
 How can I celebrate it? 
 They died early, so in their eyes I never made it. 
 I ain't goin' give you my life, you gotta take it, 
 Soldier, I'm going out Blazin'. 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, desperado ooh 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, good man sing ooh 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, how white sing ooh 
 Yes, a ghetto soldier, black man sing ooh 
 Papoose: 
 We said the same thing at the same time, 
 I ain't knock on wood. 
 Black cat crossed my path, my luck still good. 
 Broke a mirror, I ain't get 7 years of bad luck. 
 Nuttin bad ain't even happened, my left eye jumped. 
 Put my hat on the bed when I walked in the room. 
 Swept my feet, and I ain't even spit on the broom. 
 What I'm try'na say is, I'm not supersticious. 
 Akon what am I? 
 ((Akon) I'm a ghetto soldier) 
 My right hand itchin, been havin' money kid. 
 I even opened the unbrella in da crib. 
 Bought my girl some shoes, she ain't walk outta my life. 
 No bad luck, I skipped the po twice. 
 No superstition, just wise intuition. 
 On the battle field get killed or do the killin'. 
 By the way my good luck charm is a biscuit. 
 Ghetto soldier to the ended... 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, desperado ooh 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, good man sing ooh 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, how white sing ooh 
 Yes, a ghetto soldier, black man sing ooh 
 Papoose: 
 No pain no gain, 
 All of the trama is killing me. 
 Pain can't swim, 
 That's why I drown in that Hennesey. 
 Tired of the enemy, runnin' to your crib, 
 Slumped you in your fireplace, and have smoke comin' outta 
 Your chimney. 
 I could see straight through your plots and your trickory. 
 It don't mean shit to me, I'm trying to get to the bottom of it. 
 But I lost a whole lot of my energy, 
 Tryna get to the bottom of a botteless industry. 
 Now-a-days all I got is my pride and my dignity. 
 You ridin' with sympathy 
 They say misery needs company, why keep 'em company? 
 You kiddin' me? when I could grab a weapon and put him outta his misery. 
 Says shots asked you to tell you I'm not playing! 
 When you fire back you let me know what chu saying. 
 This gun busting it's like an unspoken language. 
 We communicate with our guns, this shit is dangerous 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, desperado ooh 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, good man sing ooh 
 I'm a ghetto soldier, how white sing ooh 
 Yes, a ghetto soldier, black man sing ooh 
 Ya know...