The king is back in town 
 King of the streets has return he's ... down 
 You hear the trumpet you'd better know the sound 
 Go feed the ... and let them know that I'm around 
 Just tell them that your king is back in town 
 ...Welcome to my kingdom where I can make dreams come true 
 Catch me like ... down from my throne 
 You know I'm the king of the hood 
 Come ... see me the scene ... the new sheavy is clean 
 Let my chain home is too heavy to bring 
 Tell 'em up the niggas papoose ... the king 
 When ... I was in my ... man we used to stay on the ... ready to ... 
 We won't ...cash everything, man we used to back out the shoot ... machines 
 When dirty ... we was leaning on ... ready to lean 
 Ever since the days of my youth ...with the team 
 Santa clause was a jonkey ... 
 Hustle down to town my clue heavy and ... 
 Bringin' to new york we move plenty of things 
 Be hustling in my hood do, give me the thing 
 Gotta give permission who ... I'm the king 
 King of the streets has return he's ... down 
 You hear the trumpet you'd better know the sound 
 Go feed the ... and let them know I'm around 
 Just tell them that your king is back in town 
 Welcome to my kingdom where I can make dreams come true 
 Catch me like I'm down from my throne 
 You know I'm the king of the hood. 
 Said I'm not the king I specialize in perfection 
 They only got hot because I gave them direction 
 ...Standing in front of hot '97 
 Follow my footsteps 'cause they knew I was rappin' 
 Recording 6 songs in everyone of my sessions 
 Remix their songs I murdered all of their records 
 Free ...from the department of corrections ... I broke down different sections 
 What the feelin' back when the whole city was stressin 
 Beast from the east I'm already a legend ...when people was talking reckless 
 I gave you all ... you got a order of protection 
 ... I got a call from the reverend 
 ... We spoke... suppression 
 Freedom of expression I grew up in a section 
 ... Don't tell me by the recession 
 I'm the king