(Papoose: Speaking) 
 The Law Library Saga Now Continues 
 I Promised Y'all The Continuation 
 Article 4.90 Terrorism 
 Song Begins: 
 Imagine bein on the 81st floor, with a fire inside 
 An open window is your only way to survive 
 For those who jumpped out of the Twin Towers and died 
 Welcome to Law Library Part 5 
 Take these bars and play'em for each and every 
 Widow of a soldier who died is nessesary 
 When will we see the land of the free, nevuarry 
 So where is the home of the brave, the cemetery 
 Happy New Year's, I hope your christmas was merry 
 I'd like to welcome you to my Law Library 
 Terrorism 
 It's wicked, it's exorcism 
 Where are the terrorist? 
 Are they locked in prison 
 Or are they in the government in different positions? 
 Are they the suicide bombers or the polititions? 
 Did the Twin Towers fall cause the planes hit'em 
 Or did they collapse cause of control demolition? 
 Witnesses heard an explosion blast off 
 They say found some torn out Saquamies Passport 
 9/11 was catatrophic 
 How could they find the passport 
 But not find none of the black boxes 
 Weeks in advance the owner of the 2nd Tower 
 Took out an insurance policy for billions of dollars 
 Why would they let innocent people get devouered 
 So they can step in and play some hero of ours 
 Good guy, bad guy, they kanivers 
 Now they can take, do, say what they want 
 Bush did it for power 
 Too many lies, now it's revealed that they snakes 
 So the United States 
 Gotta save face 
 And what better way to restore then peoples fate? 
 Obama and Hilary In a Presidential Race 
 Some say this is our time to rule 
 First black president, powerful move 
 Barak Obama could change the complection 
 Of the white house 
 But can he change the direction? 
 That's what I doubt? 
 Why did they assassinate Benazil Buno? 
 Was that a warning shot at Hilary? Who knows 
 A terrorist person influence conduct of a unit 
 Or government by intimidation or coherse 
 And if you threaten a civilian population 
 To commit 
 Or cause to be committed a specified offense 
 Cause intimidation or fear of incomission 
 Wheather you had the capabilities or you didn't 
 You can still be sentence, of such offense 
 That's a D felony, u made a terrorist threat 
 Cause conduct of a unit and government to happen 
 By murder, assassination, or kidnappin 
 So whose to blame for all the hi-jakin? 
 Al Queda, George Bush, or Bin-Ladin? 
 The government tryin' to find out, who bombed Manhattan 
 Take a look straight in the mirror, your lookin' at'em 
 The home land security, the patriot act 
 Look at Afganastan, the war in Iraq 
 What's the next chapter in my glossary? 
 Article 1.60 robbery 
 Law Library [echo]