Then hurry up and buy. 
 Just pay and leave. 
 Ay man I said imma pay you, why don't you calm your motherfuckin nerves?!damn! 
 Hurry up and go. 
 Why don't you give to my homeboy his change? 
 I don't want any trouble, just get out. 
 It's a damn job. 
 I feel sorry for your mother. 
 What did you say about my momma?you feelin' sorry for who?!ha?! 
 I don't want any trouble, just get out! 
 What the fuck you said about my momma?! 
 I don't want any trouble, just get out! 
 You talkin' shit, every time I come to this motherfucker you got something to say! 
 (Gun shots) 
 Yeah yeah 
 Ay where's motherfuckin video tape?gimme the motherfucking video tape, bring the motherfucking video tape right now! 
 Ay nigga, ay clean the cash register! 
 Papoose: 
 This is menace 2 society part two 
 Imma menace 2 society the streets is mine 
 You crap rappers admire me 
 I wrothe manace part two, y'all can't move me 
 I graduated from rhytm and rhymes, don't try in movies 
 Sucka, without the ass whooping from pac 
 Me is slaving to 2006 hughes brothas 
 I got you open nigga 
 Roll up your weed. pour some liqour 
 And yeah, get you pop corn ready motion picture 
 Ou dog still locked up in jail 
 I'm going to see him some times, and sending some mail 
 That fagget nigga chunsy he decided to tell 
 He gaved tape to the cops, he ? in hell 
 Cain wanted to be like my father parnell 
 I know you remember me, I served you memory well 
 I was riot my big will, I'm the reason you fell 
 He tryed to protect me when they bustin' them shell's 
 (Movie cut's) 
 You really fuckd up nigga 
 Fuckd. 
 Get your ass out of car nigga 
 Get the fuck out.break your self nigga, break your self! 
 Son of the bitch! 
 Get you motherfucking ass out of car! 
 All right nigga, chill 
 Cain you gotta out of car man. 
 Nigga don't make me rush you, get your ass out of the car, get out of car 
 All right 
 Get out! 
 All right nigga, I'm commin 
 I got your life, get your motherfuckin ass out of car now! 
 Bitch move! 
 Shoot that nigga do you?! 
 Fuck you [ gun shots] 
 Awww shit... 
 Ou shit that's cain, ay they've been jack'd common 
 Shit that's cain and harold 
 Papoose: 
 I'm tellin' niggaz 'brase your self 
 Y'all know the slain 
 I'm jacking these fools, just like them do jack cain 
 Remember when he thought me how to hole that thing 
 Now I'm holing for my self, shit don't change 
 I gotta vengeance steff, I'm streight thugin 
 Imma twistas cap, when I catch arlinas cousin 
 See them niggaz over there, they scheamin to rob you 
 When ? no body gonna harm you 
 But yo, imma bout to leave, I can't control it for you 
 Gimme your chain and your watch, imma hold it for you 
 Gimme your ring too, yeah I'm giving it back 
 Stupid niggaz fall for some shit like that 
 You ain't even got stick or swee like that 
 You can talk ? juewls he is bitch like that! 
 That's why give it to him, give it to him, no hesitation 
 You are coward I push shit back like cost of pation! 
 (Movie cut's) 
 Look aight, not me all right, I'm not killing kids 
 You know what nigga?you acting like lil bitch right now! 
 You act real paranoid and shit 
 These mothercukers smoked your goddamn cousin in front of you nigga! 
 Blow his head off, in front of your face, and you ain't go do shit?! 
 You acting like lil bitch right now nigga. 
 Man fuck that, I ain't letting that shit ride! 
 We gonna smoke all these motherfuckers, I don't care who the fuck out there! 
 God damn it, is you down nigga?! 
 Man, both of you shut the fuck up! 
 Now niggaz hurry up, go in there and bump them niggaz and get the fuck out 
 Don't be playin', dog, cain you hear what I'm sayin', kill them niggaz and get the fuck back 
 So we can stab by, imma be chillin' right here 
 Ay nigga I wanna now are you ready to do the shit?is you ready to do the shit or what motherfucker?! 
 Papoose: 
 This low niggaz came to my hood, cops ? had a tattoo on his arm and red arlina 
 He said he was his moms, I started to feel eager 
 I tap my man, like yo? 
 That cain got pregnent, yo you got your nina? 
 He said no, I said damn 'cause I ain't have my fever 
 I put my head down, like I was looking down my snickers 
 We pumped nigga out so bad, he cought amnesia! 
 (Movie cut's) 
 Hey, witch one of y'all is you cain? 
 Who is this fool man?i don't know 
 A friend homie 
 Aww homie, I think that you don't know me. 
 Check this out, I'm arlinas cousin partner, she don't like you dogin her, and I don't either! 
 We suppose to fight for bitch? 
 I think you should watch who to call bitch partner. 
 Yeah, and I think you should watch who you fuck too! 
 [Fightnig] aww shit, rush him nigga rush him! 
 Caide! caide! 
 Papoose: 
 All I ever wanted to do is ride like cain 
 Bailin like ou dog, drive by like cain 
 Laid back like vax, life in the fast lane 
 I never realized that I will die like cain 
 To all of you movie thugz, I hope you get the message 
 Name one movie, that gangsta lives in the endin 
 Never tryed to beat next man, that's how you parish 
 When this movie go off, man make sure that you read the credits 
 (Movie cut's) 
 Yo, what's up now partner? 
 (Gun shots) 
 After starting arlinas cousin like that, I knew I will have to deal with that fool some day 
 Damn I never thought he will come back like this, blastin! 
 Like I said, it was funny like that in hood sometimes 
 But you'll never knew what's gonna happen or when. 
 I've done to much to turn back, and I'm done to much to go on 
 I guess in the end, all catch's up with you 
 My grandpa askd me one time, what care, live or die?yeah I do 
 Now its to late.