"Yo Pap, yo son 
 What you doing out here this late, son?" 
 "Hey, nothing I came to the twenty-four-hour store and all that 
 Out here, fucking playing dice with these niggas, man" 
 "Hey you know my style, man 
 I'm just making it rain in the golden lady 
 I'm about to take it in, man" 
 "Yeah, me too, man" 
 "Yeah, it's like four in the morning, man 
 Take it in, dog" 
 "It's four o'clock? Yeah I'll go get some rest" 
 Hey-yo, I left the corner four in the morning 
 Henny'd up, hit the crib, tumbled down the stairs 
 Pick me up 
 Overheard my own people planning to hit me up 
 And they ain't even know I was listening, silly fucks 
 "Papoose be stunting; yo, son, tear his kidneys up 
 And clap him on the top of his head, that's if he ducks" 
 I dug in my pockets so I could load the milli up 
 And all I felt was Phillies blunts, I'm pissy drunk 
 Body me, how can it be? We blood brothers 
 We hid behind the same cars when slugs hovering 
 We talked about the future and rising above hunger 
 But now you've got envisions of making this thug suffer 
 Thinking--what could've made him flip? 
 Is he a Blood, and he think I'm Crip? 
 Is he in love and I hit his chick? 
 No time to think; creep like a night burglar 
 'Cause for my life I'll incite murder, vice versa 
 I bust through the door ready to let my iron boom 
 I'mma turn this livin' room to the dyin' room 
 Turn the bathroom to the blastroom 
 Bedroom to the deadroom 
 Plain left 'em red, dead, doom 
 "Hey-yo, Pap, remember that kid you had beef with back in '94?" 
 "What about him?" 
 "Yeah, well, that coward nigga home now 
 And he talking reckless, nigga" 
 "Word?" 
 "Meet me in town so I can kick it with you" 
 "No doubt" 
 "You know how it's gonna go down" 
 Word in the ghetto, this kid I had drama with before 
 Insane tone, just came home, he want a war 
 That black on black crime is swine, truthfully 
 But if my brother try to do me, I have to empty five in his hoopty 
 Who plotting to shoot me? Gotta be loony trying to go against my 
 Block with a toolie, that's like a ox to a Uzi 
 Found out where one of them live, so we hopped in the hoopty 
 Hit his crib, caught him in the bathroom, watching a movie 
 I asked a few questions; he tried to fool me 
 So I electrocuted him, I kicked the TV inside the Jacuzzi 
 Some naked cutie ran in the room screaming "Don't shoot me!" 
 My bullets hit her dead in the cootie, came out her booty 
 I grab this chick named Rudi, put her to a doobie 
 And made her tell me where the rest of the crew be 
 Soon as we hit the other spot: 
 "Yo, park the car on the other block 
 Keep it running, 'cause if they see us coming, I'm dumming out" 
 "Shut the fuck up, I'm running the shots 
 In fact, Black, you'll take the Mac back and Clack, pass back 
 The other Glock;" hopped out of the car, gats cocked, ready to rock 
 Pull right up on the side of us, an off-duty cop 
 I told him: "Let's make a deal, split it partially 
 You don't disrespect my rivalry, I won't disconnect your arteries" 
 He poofed off and didn't bother me, sort of heartened me 
 My niggas by the car with me, screwing 'round with authority 
 Bum rushed our way in the door, wage of a war 
 Waving a four, "Y'all know what this is, stay on the floor!" 
 (Everybody lay down!) 
 I pick one of them up and put his face to the wall 
 Told him: "I want the guns, drugs, jewels papers and all," but he stall 
 He tried to lie and say some chick had it 
 Soon as he said his word is born, I gave him a miscarriage 
 Put the money in the big bag, and 
 I saw two of the dreads on the floor, chit-chatting and slick acting 
 I told them: "I'll pint if you flitch, faggot" 
 When Strong grabbed the big ratchet from Flip's jacket and shit shattered 
 We walked out of the building, holding cases of loot 
 When we made it off the stoop, niggas was blazing off the roof 
 My man tumbled down the basement steps 
 Grabbed him by his shoulder, turned him over, looked in the face of death 
 He was shaking, stressed, trembling, sighing, and shit 
 I took the money out his pocket, no sense in dying with this 
 Cock the hammer on my iron and spit, heard everybody crying, "I'm hit!" (Your son hit, son) 
 My whole life relied on my clip 
 Ran out of bullets, niggas pullin' up behind me in whips 
 Bat me down, looked around, all my crimies was hit 
 To all the thugs still breathing, take a deep breath 
 He who live a street life shall die a street death