"Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat 6x) 
 (Intro: Busta Rhymes (Lloyd banks)) 
 Ay yo swizz (it ain't over) we done created another epidemic for the streets nigga 
 Just when y'all thought it was safe to poke your head out again, let's go! 
 I know you thought we was finished, flipmode bitch! 
 (G-unit!) yeah! street sweepers! 
 Remix we bout' ta do it again! remix we bout' ta do it again! remix 
 Ay yo just imagine if they cut the lights off in the club 
 (Verse 1: Lloyd banks (Busta Rhymes)) 
 (Get low banks!) who you know that got a flow this sick 
 Pump shorty nobody can hold his click 
 Them hoes eyeing' they probably on my dick 
 The chocolate would look good in my all white whip (turn it up!) 
 And you know I stay with the skits so don't even try 
 Kiss yo' ass bye bye you be alone in the sky 
 And the first human being now to learn how to fly 
 And I be low in the bm on my way out ny 
 (Get low banks!) I know it feels like I been gone for a minute 
 But I'm back chinchilla ice on with a fitted 
 Everybody talk money everybody gonna run 
 With that bowl of bread smaller than the arm of a midget 
 (Turn it up!) and you know I'm doin' my thing it's blue in the ring 
 If you had it like this you probably do it the same 
 But you won't cause you broke all you do is complain 
 After the club, I'm a put a few in the range and let 'em 
 "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat 4x) 
 (Verse 2: DMX (Busta Rhymes)) 
 Grr 
 (Get low x) anything it's took, it's gone be a breakdown 
 Come through like "hmmm, what I'm goon take now?" 
 Whatever the fuck I want, trust me dog 
 It gets ugly even when it comes to the hunt (turn it up) 
 Niggaz like to stunt, you wanna to front 
 I'm a hit you and your man 
 And I'm a hit you where you stand (what) 
 Niggaz ain't built for nothin' but frontin' 
 Come through, faggots hit the security frontin' (get low x) 
 Get that do, what that do? how that do? 
 Fuck you faggot, I shot at you 
 And what? you and you man's butt, you in your man's truck 
 But your chance is up, not get up (turn it up!) 
 You know how that shit goes, let that shit go 
 Ain't nothin' change, been the same from the get go (what) 
 Get up out that whip yo, I ain't goin' tell you again 
 Fuck it, say hello to my little friend 
 "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat: x 4) 
 (Verse 3: DMX and Mary J. Blige (Busta Rhymes)) 
 Swizz is the monster, x is the beast 
 Fuckin' wit bus, man everyday is a piece 
 Stay off the streets, tired of talkin' to y'all niggaz 
 I'm a stick a fork at y'all niggaz (turn it up) 
 When I hit 'em, man that crunk goin' get 'em man 
 Fucked up how I did 'em man (what) 
 Ain't no remorse but the chorus, truth is 
 Can I.D. the body? Nigga toothless (Get low Mary!) 
 Maybe you can guess who it is (uh huh) 
 Mary j. blige about to handle my biz (uh huh) 
 I'm on my grown woman still I rep for the kids 
 In every hood, and all my peoples doin' a bid (turn it up!) 
 Now you know who's really the queen deliver the mail 
 Seven hundred thirty thousand first week of my sales 
 The haters plot and they watch lookin' all pale 
 While I'm on a yacht, overseas doin' my nails (get low mary!) 
 Well let me show you how we do (ha!) 
 I gotta thank everyone for coppin' the breakthrough (uh huh) 
 Bus did take one the remix is take two 
 You love the way we re inventin' how we just stay new (turn it up!) 
 How we sellin' out the stadiums, arenas and all (ha!) 
 Only Louis and gucci we don't shop at the mall (huh!) 
 Got you partyin' and dancin' and havin' a ball 
 And your lovin' the way we reppin' how we do it for y'all go 'head and 
 "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat: x 4) 
 (Verse 4: Ne-yo (Busta Rhymes)) 
 (Oh) (Get low boy) is it any women in here 
 Like it when I be spankin' them and pullin' they hair 
 Theirs a freak in your presence I'm just makin' it clear 
 Then you would all know if he wasn't nowhere (turn it up!) 
 Get your hands up in the air if you ready to go 
 Come through your city and I murder the show 
 And the truth weighing the problem if you didn't know 
 Get up right in ya face and holla Ne-Yo 
 (Get low boy) shorty what you wanna do 
 I ain't got time to deal with your attitude 
 This shit was designed to put you in the mood 
 Tryna' do sumtin nasty with you and ya crew (turn it up!) 
 I'm a freaky lil' brother with a whole lotta loot 
 Ya boy workin wit sumtin and I'm kinda cute 
 Watch the way I do it how I turn it out 
 Guarenteed you'll be tryna put my dick in your mouth 
 "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat: x 4) 
 (Verse 5: papoose (Busta Rhymes)) 
 (Get low papoose!) papoose, pa-poose, had to get on this club banger 
 Smack you in your mouth make you swallow your pulp razor 
 Pop a couple bottles laugh about it with bus later 
 Bare witness I'm the young savior (turn it up!) 
 I got Staten Island on my pinky queens on my thumb dude 
 The Bronx on my middle finger screamin' fuck you 
 Rock ice in Manhattan so there's the ring finger 
 You know I had to keep Brooklyn on the trigger finger 
 (Get low pap!) five boroughs of death, you don't understand 
 I got New York city in the palm of my hand 
 Now I could make a tight fist and let it crumble ridiculous 
 Or I could smack the world with a New York nemesis (turn it up!) 
 I flip the mag and get the clappin' if it happens rip his jacket 
 Split his back and lift his head I'm gettin' at him (ha!) 
 Pick up a different mag and then attack him when I grab him triggers blastin 
 With a passion get it crackin' the assassin, you let 'em 
 "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat: x 4) 
 (Verse 6: rah digga (busta rhymes)) 
 (Get low digga!) see me rollin' up in your hood {uh huh} 
 These jokers screamin' damn rah still be lookin' good {yeah} 
 They do they little mack he askin' me who I tapped 
 Ain't none of your concern you a g make it hap (turn it up!) 
 When I give a nigga some play he losin' his brain (uh) 
 Askin' me a bunch of questions actin' like he my man 
 Wanna stress a bitch out tellin' me I did change 
 They sayin' damn my bad if you fell for the game 
 (Get low digga!) now he sittin' there lookin' stuck (ha!) 
 He thinkin' 'cause he spent a little dough I'm goin' fuck 
 If money ain't a thang I'm sayin' let a bitch know 
 Type to empty your account, how far you willin' to go (turn it up!) 
 Now he hopin' on the jet he ain't wastin' no time 
 Told me all expense paid anyplace I could find 
 Hit the islands in the winter trickin' all on his dime 
 Ain't a shorty in the world pussy better than mine, they wanna 
 "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat: x 3) 
 (Verse 7: Missy Elliot (Busta Rhymes)) 
 Bus this is serious man! (get low Missy!) 
 I'm jinglin' baby, go 'head mami, don't I look charmin' put your lips up on me {woo!} 
 Kiss it touch it, good, yes I wish you would (turn it up!) 
 You like to see me when I dip baby dip (ha1) 
 Don't it look like I got beyonce's hips 
 Lookin' like I could be like nia long 
 Boy you smokin' that cheech and chong 
 (Get low Missy!) have you ever seen thickness in a thong {come on!} 
 You can hit it like a game of ping pong 
 If you give me two shots of it strong 
 Nigga bring it on I might let you take me home (turn it up!) 
 Now Busta bus (bus!) misdemeanor in here 
 This year be clear y'all be beware 
 Fake MC's y'all can't come near 
 I'm toxic baby like I'm Britney spears 
 "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat: x 4) 
 (Verse 8: Busta Rhymes) 
 (Get low bus!) you see me you love me the streets declare me god of the hood 
 You niggaz is watchin' and wishin' you could 
 Be claimin' the throne the way I got it lock it motherfuckers 
 What's good you tryin' to stop it I'm wishin' you would (turn it up!) 
 Cause them I'm glad to hit you with the fact that the god is immortal as spit 
 The way I be doin' historical shit 
 In case you and your niggas act like you ain't know when I'm informin' your click 
 I take your bitch while I'm perfomin' my shit 
 (Get low bus!) as I was sayin' niggaz know I ain't playin' 
 There's no more delayin' I'm comin' and alyin' 
 The street with the heat now turn up the beat until you go deaf 
 I eat a nigga food until nothin' left (turn it up!) 
 Now the way I'm killin' at this mass like I'm doin' the booker t 
 Respect it you better get the salutin' me when you see me 
 Lloyd banks, papoose and busta bus yeah I'm greedy 
 I paint the illest picture for the hood like I do graffiti so 
 "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it - 
 Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" 
 (Repeat: x 4)