Where you at? Where you at? Where you at? 
 Baby, where you at? Baby, where you at? 
 Baby, where you at? Baby, where you at? 
 Every word to touch you down; it's playin' in my head 
 Like a Scarface crime scene, ain't no bringin' it back 
 Those tears didn't mean much then, but now I know 
 That you said you don't feel it; the wind starts to get cold 
 (Only) she's a woman; like a car, I replace it 
 (Mostly) I wonder if she saw this bullet comin' like this 
 (Only) words that I can hear in my ear 
 It's the gesture, you gon' see this soon as you plannin' in the field 
 (Baby, where you at?) Ain't no sittin' on my pillow case no more 
 (Baby, where you at?) I just recognize I'm livin' life alone 
 (Baby, where you at?) I just, I just wish you call me; damn, this phone 
 (Baby, where you at?) That's if I have four weeks 
 My whole life just flashed before me 
 Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, how foolish could I be? 
 Wild as can be 
 (Never) never fear bein' humble (humble) 
 Got in and out to face my fear 
 May never have a choice again 
 To be honest with that one that was loyal to me 
 God really has his ways of talking you off that stage 
 (Only) she's a woman; like a car, I replace it 
 (Mostly) I wonder if she saw this bullet comin' like this 
 (Only) words that I can hear in my ear 
 It's the gesture - you gon' see this soon as you plannin' in the field 
 They say you never know what you have until you lose it 
 You promise your girl somethin', you better do it 
 You can't tell a women you love her, are you stupid? 
 Words don't express your love; you gotta prove it 
 Back then our relationship was the truest 
 Romance, slow dance to Joe music 
 As the time went on, I became foolish 
 Now you're gone, everything ruined 
 But, girl, this is Papoose 
 I'm on your favorite track 
 I know your friend's in your ear, but, baby, come back 
 And I never let you down, so later for that 
 I told you I was gon' make it; I'm the savior of rap 
 And I work hard; you don't gotta cater for Pap 
 I tie my own doo rag, lay back and relax 
 You don't even gotta accept my apology 
 But I'm man enough to admit it; acknowledge me 
 Oh! Oh! Baby! If any one event, it was just like me 
 Oh! Oh! Babe! Treat her like this wasn't last week 
 Won't you call, babe? (Won't you call?) You know the song, babe 
 Girl, you know the song; are you hearing me? 
 Damn, I regret running all overseas!