(DJ Quik) 
 Yeah... 
 Now in my lyrics I kick this shit that the critics debate to 
 But I still create the shit that the brothers relate to 
 'Cause it's simple, but I'm no simp, I'm lettin you have it 
 To the temple leavin' a scar MUCH bigger than a, pimple 
 You want the rubber from a gangsta boot to your grill? 
 Come take a ride with me and witness the thrill 
 Of an ass-whuppin, issued by the brothers in the khaki pants 
 Some think I'm too light to fight, so then they'll win but I grin 
 When I sail to your motherfuckin chin (MMM) 
 So suckers keep walkin' until the po-po is talkin' 
 In plain simple English; no wait in plain simple slang, no jivin 
 Fuckin' with me is more lethal than drinkin' and drivin' 
 Or try to figure the flow I deliver 
 Punk it makes you shiver when you think I'm takin' two to your liver 
 The D-to-the-E-to-the-motherfuckin-A with a vengeance 
 A side of Quik that you ain't never experiencin 
 I'm stutter steppin with crap on the low and I flow well 
 Intensifyin with every line, 'cause I show and tell 
 My backup is backin, never leavin' me lackin 
 With Double or Nothin', KK, D, and AMG and we're stackin 
 Up sales - for motherfuckers just like you 
 (For a punk motherfucker with a punk motherfuckin crew!) 
 Yo I know you peeped that you just can't creep 
 It's too steep so take a leap because we roll too motherfuckin deep 
 Chorus: {samples} 
 "(How deep?) Deeper than Atlantis" -> Brother J (X-Clan) 
 "Niggaz can deal with that shit" -> Richard Pryor 
 So I'm rollin'... DEEP... deep 
 "Deeper than Atlantis" -> Brother J (X-Clan) 
 "Man that's bad.." ".. naw that's good!" 
 (Tha D) 
 You see we rollin' deep, cause a nigga playin' the backseat 
 We won't get beat, so run up and get sweeped 
 By a young motherfuckin ass nut 
 We whup your ass and make your momma feel it 
 And watch you just fold up 
 It's Tha D in the back with the strap 
 Down for some shit with a bitch in my lap 
 Punk motherfuckers like to play the brave role 
 But I don't give a fuck, you can still get T-rolled 
 It ain't like you never been checked befo' 
 You stupid nigga, your bitch, your hoe 
 The motherfuckers rollin' the backstreets 
 Not givin' a fuck, because we roll too motherfuckin deep 
 "(How deep?)" 
 (KK) 
 Deeper than the crack in your momma's cock 
 Too deep for a nigga, now I can't stop 
 Cause niggaz'll roll deep, deep in the middle of the street 
 So deep we roll onto next week 
 Two's and fo's, that nigga K throws heavy blows 
 Heavy enough to knock the snot out of niggaz nose 
 Cause niggaz ain't nothin' but head and shoulders 
 ?? Nigga, we should be rollin' this 
 And I'ma roll, 'cause I'm doin' my own thing 
 (Yeah, motherFUCK a posse, we roll with a gang, niggaz) 
 For those who wanna sleep, time to creep 
 Straight up fools, cause niggaz is rollin' deep 
 (AMG) 
 Fuck a one-time jack, I eenie meenie miney wet the hoes 
 Back in the alley I be rollin' on the pimpin' mode 
 Unfadeable, 'cause I'm D-double-E-P 
 AMG be catchin niggaz slippin constantly 
 And hoes wanna hoe, with a niggerole like so 
 And after I trick, yo see you later bitch! 
 And niggaz think they know what they talkin' bout, whatchu sayin'? 
 It was your bitch, that I was fuckin' layin and playin' 
 So, if she was fine don't be denyin that I did her 
 Trust your data nigga, and let my dick get with her 
 Because another motherfuckin gangster's strollin yo 
 In the 9-0, niggerole, this is how I'm rollin'