(Now I got to cut ya...) <scratches w/ too Quik Quik Quik...> 
 Yeah ha ha that's right. 'Cause it's like this 
 Yeah, it's gotta be like this. Nigga. 
 It used to be a CPT thang (what) 
 But now it's just an all me thang (yeah) 
 Because I'm tired of this gizame (right) 
 I'm through playin' for a crew 
 That ain't got my back 
 When I'm the one who done 
 Created the sack 
 Mister You Know Who remember me 
 I met you when I was P.P.C. 
 And you wadn't nothin' but a scrub 
 Wearin' plaid pants and bubble gums 
 And beggin' for grub 
 And then when ya hips start growin' 
 You tripped and flipped and skipped out 
 Know what I'm talkin' 'bout 
 Not even thinkin' 'bout the times 
 When Kay Kay took yo' ass in 
 'Cause you didn't have a dime 
 Nigga couldn't even say thanks for the trouble 
 I would've spanked yo' ass on the double 
 'Cause when ya didn't have a place to stay 
 You little round the way girl 
 My nigga took yo' way 
 And that way all my homies had yo' back 
 Because together they knew we had a fat ass sack 
 But you couldn't stand the guns 
 Couldn't wait to take ya 
 (AMG) 
 Money and run 
 Kay Kay should've knew the motto of life (what's that) 
 That ya can't turn a hoe into a housewife (ha ha) 
 Because you left a lot of people unhappy nigga 
 You in debt and ya need to get at me 
 I'm gonna let ya know it (that's right) 
 I'm gonna let ya know it (so ya need to get at me) 
 I'm gonna let ya know it (huh) 
 I'm gonna let ya know it (you need to get at me) 
 Now I can name a gang of niggas I done tripped with 
 Spent a grip with and they ain't spent shit 
 And they ain't never brought nothing to the table 
 But it ain't no puzzle I'm able 
 But why you wanna take my kindness for weakness 
 To get my money back 
 I gotta ride yo' ass like Preakness 
 It ain't that fly 
 And when ya see me in traffic just ride by 
 You should've been a pigeon 
 'Cause you duck so well 
 But next time I catch you I'ma pluck yo' tail 
 'Cause niggas like y'all show disrespect 
 By flossin' so you in for a tossin' 
 You need to go brush your teeth 
 And change ya drawers and change ya sheets 
 And stop y'alls bitches 
 From steadily tryin' ta ride on my mink 
 And start bathing more than once a week (nigga) 
 You know who I'm talkin' 'bout bitches 
 So ya needs to come right with a quickness (come right) 
 And instead of tryin' to duck and dodge 
 And be crafty you need to get at me. 
 I'm gonna let ya know it (hell yeah) 
 I'm gonna let ya know it (you need to get at me) 
 I'm gonna let ya know it (that's right) 
 I'm gonna let ya know it (you need to get at me) 
 So tell me how we gon' handle this 
 Either we gon' be men or we gon' be scandalous 
 Either way is all right with me 
 'Cause I'ma show ya that I meant it 
 When I said that I'm a G Nigga 
 I don't take ganks too swell (naw) 
 That's why I went and bought a gang of shells 
 And if you approach me wrong 
 I'ma clown first nigga run up <gunshot> 
 < Referee's voice from Madden '95> "First down." 
 Damn I wish it didn't even have to come to this 
 'Cause now y'alls on my shit list 
 Right with the white boys in this game 
 Thinkin' they gone get the hits for some chump change 
 Please huh I didn't believe that you'll trip like that 
 That's how a gang of niggas flipped like that 
 So get back fool 'cause I'm going out 
 Comin' out of a straight jacket Blastin'! <gunshot> 
 And they gon' have to get at me 
 I'm gonna let you know it. (hell yeah) 
 I'm gonna let you know it. (you need to get at me) 
 I'm gonna let you know it. 
 I'm gonna let you know it. (you know what 
 Y'all can never get at me) 
 Now battle 
 <DJ scratches " too Quick" till end>