Hey, this song is dedicated for me and all my homeboys. 
 To the police, y'all gotta start us out. 
 Xzibit dun came I'm here and got a nigga high. 
 Now howcome y'all be messin with me 
 When you find out that I'm a star? (howcome?) 
 And just because I'm cool with y'all 
 Don't mean you can search my car. (1x) 
 And if you don't wanna spend the day with me 
 It ain't always gotta end with sex (yeah) 
 She likes it that I'm always into finer things, 
 And I can donut in an NSX. 
 Aight, now first of all fall in 
 'Cause we gon talk about how we was ballin 
 Before most of y'all niggas crawled in. 
 Bitches callin 
 Tryin' to get the dick of the Quikster 
 'Cause I was rich even before I could buy liquor. 
 Now this is thicker. 
 Although I came to the game with an explicit sticker 
 It be the little kids acknowledgin that I'm the nigga. 
 I'm sorta like a role model. 
 They love me 
 I ain't half-assed, pullin full throttle. 
 Now pass the bottle 
 But hold up for me, pal 
 Could you make it a corona with Limon Esalle? 
 And could you ??(send them in these on so we could show these down)?? 
 So all my little hispanic homies could pound-pound. 
 This is underground-ground 
 The new WS sound 
 But I'm thinkin' that y'all thinkin' that we all just clown. 
 But we gon take the crown back. 
 'Cause if the west be a movie, then this be the soundtrack, now 
 Now howcome y'all be messin with me 
 When you find out that I'm a star? (howcome) 
 And just because I'm cool with y'all 
 Don't mean you can search my car (1x) 
 And if you don't wanna spend the day with me 
 It ain't always gotta end with sex ('cause I don't want it) 
 She likes it that I'm always into finer things 
 And I can donut in an NSX 
 Hey, now peep my family 
 Left to right 
 We expedite 
 Nice to you fuckers, then we next to fight. 
 We get down, and get out. 
 When you see them coming, cut the shit out. 
 'Cause they gon put us on the bench 
 And make us sit out. 
 So put a hit out 
 On the authorities 
 'Cause they thinkin' we don't know they got a sorority. 
 Fuck the who? 
 I ain't sayin' hit like in death 
 I'm talkin' hit records crackin' 
 When you bust that left 
 Outta Carson and Watts. 
 South Central LA, back to your spot 
 Compton niggas, we got the show shot 
 Orgasmic beats that keep these hoes hot 
 Put your lips on my glass, you're doin' a whole lot 
 Ball till you fall, nigga 
 99 bottles, I'm buyin the whole wall. 
 This is the role call, nigga 
 All us fly niggas gon ball 
 If you hatin', then we don't know y'all, nigga 
 Now howcome y'all be messin with me 
 When you find out that I'm a star? (howcome?) 
 And just because I'm cool with y'all 
 Don't mean you can search my car (1x) 
 And if you don't wanna spend the day with me 
 It ain't always gotta end with sex ('cause I don't want it) 
 She likes it that I'm always into finer things 
 And I could donut in an NSX 
 Uh, but it's a whole new lineup 
 Will and Skaboo 
 Comin' through with the brew 
 'Cause KA drunk the wine up 
 Five in the mornin 
 And the phone's still ringin' 
 It's been a nine year party 
 Ever since I started singin' tonight 
 But it's a whole lot betta. 
 It ain't no jealousy, no snitches, or no feda' 
 I'm gittin drunk 
 I'm sayin' fuck it with my friends 
 And I'm spoiled 'cause my muthafuckin bucket is a Benz 
 And I'm lookin' for my niggga X 
 With the hydroponic, bubonic, bionic 
 Chase it with some gin 'n' tonic 
 Now who got the balls enough to hit that bong 
 And straight pass out 'cause the shit that strong? 
 But the 1's gotta leave us alone 
 'Cause we ain't doin' wrong 
 I'm the music 
 And Black Tone's the backbone 
 Got your daughter back grown 
 Ebony and ivory, baby 
 The little white girl 
 Little black songs, get on 
 Now howcome y'all ne messin with me 
 When you find out that I'm a star? (howcome) 
 And just because I'm cool wth y'all 
 Don't mean you can search my car (1x) 
 And if you don't wanna spend the day with me 
 It ain't always gotta end with sex 
 (We could ball till we fall that's all) 
 She likes it that I'm always into finer things 
 And I could donut in an NSX (I like it too) 
 Now howcome y'all be messin with me 
 When you find out that I'm a star? (howcome?) 
 And just because I'm cool with y'all 
 Don't mean you can search my car (I'm platinum) 
 And if you don't wanna spend the day with me 
 It ain't always gotta end with sex (1x) 
 She only likes me 'cause I'm into finer things 
 And I could donut in an NSX