(DJ Quik) 
 One day I was chillin' on Arambie and Spruce 
 Forty in my hand and it's time to get loose 
 Got my Nikes, Fila t-shirt, and black khakis 
 I heard a horn blowin' looked up it was Jackie 
 Shawn was chillin' in the passenger seat 
 She up out the bucket started dancing in the street 
 Now Shawn was lookin' fresh and it wasn't no joke 
 She had on some fresh khakis and was sportin' some locs 
 Some gangstas poppin' wheelies came up from behind 
 He got off throwin' up his favorite gang sign 
 Here come Little Snub, from the Maple block 
 Groovin' on the handlebars, ready to rock 
 And now my posse's gettin' bigger, because of all these niggas 
 I got the .38 and I'm about to pull the trigger 
 Looked up at the corner and who did I see? 
 Wayne and his little man Pop and Nookie 
 Now Sha came rollin' up on a little scooter 
 Lookin' for a match so he could light the Thai huddha 
 I told him I didn't have it, but yet I went to grab it 
 I lit it up and hit it up, and now I'm draggin' it 
 Wayne took a hit, Pop took a puff 
 Nookie started chokin' and now he's fucked up 
 The forty-ounce is hittin', so I busted into school 
 I'm never gettin' sweated 'cause I'm just too cool fool 
 Sun's goin' down and now it's night 
 My posse's cold chillin' and we're feelin' all right 
 We heard a lot of noise and it sounded like a rally 
 Boomin' ass sounds comin' out of Sherm Alley 
 We all jumped up and we started to stroll 
 A young nigga like the Quik was takin' control 
 The D.E.A. posse so deep we walked three 2's 
 Now if you wanna join -- then you gotta pay ya dues 
 We got up to the alley and everything was chill 
 Ed was just makin' that dollar dollar bill 
 Reesa came down and she sat on the stairs 
 I stood up 'cause I didn't have a chair 
 Now Pop said, "Yo! Let's get some cups. 
 And get that Old 8 so we can get fucked up." 
 Now I'll put a twenty H put a 10 
 And said, "Fuck it! Super soca and gin!" 
 Now everybody's gettin' in the twilight zone 
 Ed upstairs straight gettin' his bed on 
 Gangsta's on the steps and he's tryin' to bang 
 No belt in his khakis so his Lee's could sag 
 Here comes Stick with a 20 dollar bag 
 But he can't roll a joint 'cause he ain't got no zigzags 
 I looked up at my watch, it said 10:28 
 "You better run up to the liquor store before it's too late." 
 He went to the store and he got the zags 
 He came back walkin' with my homeboy Cash 
 Nigga came over; he was lookin' for a ride 
 Runnin' from the police, he ain't have no place to hide 
 A smile came on my face when I gave him a beer 
 I'm chillin' like a villain and I got no fear 
 Now Tony Lane came; he said he was bored 
 Eatin' on some chips that he got from the store 
 I said I'm bored too, so what's up with that? 
 Wayne said, "is anybody down to jack? 
 Now I can get the AK and you can get the pump, 
 But I don't want no deuce-deuce, 'cause I ain't no chump" 
 Now Mike said, "Dave which one do you choose?" 
 I told him I could take the .38 and you can have the Uzi 
 But before we can jet and be on our way 
 Some niggas rolled up and they was ready to spray 
 Rollin' real slow, they turned off the lights 
 Waitin' -- until the time was right 
 A fool jumped out all dressed in Guess? 
 *Gunshot* (Yeah) shot him in the chest 
 The niggas tried to jet, but the couldn't get far 
 Cause Mike had the Uzi and he aimed it for the car 
 *Gunshots* 
 Ha Ha 
 Now that's how it's done and we do it good 
 Just another day in my loked out hood 
 Now all y'all remember that we can't be stopped 
 What's the name of my hood? *gunshots* 
 (Ha ha haha) 
 (Figure that shit out you fools)