Snoop talking: 
 Ay yo G-1 I been listening to this nigga Quik album 
 And he ain't got no songs about the pussy. You know 
 That nigga gotta have something about the pussy on 
 This shit ya feel me? And I'm just that nigga to beat 
 The pussy up. So uh if you feel me like I feel you ya 
 Know what I'm sayin' let me get a little piece of this 
 Thang here like that there, trip. 
 Let a nigga from the E.S. L.B. D.P. beat that pussy 
 Till it's soft and mushy I love that bushy 
 And most niggas still do unless that bitch shit 
 Smells like mildew and we'll do damn near anything to get it 
 And once I got it I'm outtie I stay 'bout it 
 I sip a little tea then light up my weed 
 I slip on my rubber out the cover then I proceed 
 To give yo' little thick ass what you need 
 Gangsta gangsta I'll make ya cootie cat scream 
 Didn't I turn ya on like a phone you lovin' 
 That Doggy Dogg meaty bone 
 When ya moan ya whole voice tone make me wanna 
 Put my bizalls in ya jizaws 'cause y'all 
 Know what I'm gettin' at I'm spittin' at 
 Nigga wanna fuck trick so what's up bitch (biotch) 
 See as long as my muthafuckin dick get hard 
 And I got a million dollars banked out on my credit card 
 No disrespect or no disregard but I'm hoppin' for that pussy 
 Like they used to hop for cars my nigga DJ Q 
 Told me come on through 'cause he got a gang 
 Of bitches that was down to do 
 Keep it poppin' since I'm from the big LBC 
 That's right down the street from Compton 
 I pop in the liquor store to grab some h??? 
 A bag of ice some blue dice and some Cognac yeah 
 The pussy's good especially when it's from a whole 
 'Nother neighborhood how good do it get when you on that G shit 
 I'm strokin' that pussy till that bitch seasick 
 We dick bitches down and that's Rule #3 in the Dogg Pound 
 Bitch drawers down! 
 Snoop singsong: We won't get no radio play 
 But we probably get some pussy for this. (What you say?) 
 I said we won't get no radio play but we probably 
 Get some pussy for this. 
 Nate: 
 You can't be, can't be, you can't be my lady but I'll let you be 
 Let you be my playmate. 
 Hi-C: 
 Uh baby let sip wine while we 6-9 
 I slide on this rubber and we'll be just fine 
 Now if my condom broke and my ass got smoked 
 I'ma still get to Heaven on a little rubber boat uh 
 Snoop hit it then I hit it too aww yeah little bitch 
 I'm talkin' 'bout you now all ya ever do is sit around and boo hoo 
 Talkin' 'bout Hi-C I love that it's you 
 AMG: 
 She said where ya been I said in ya mouth 
 If ya lookin' for love then take me down South 
 And I'll tell you all the things to make ya laugh and giggle 
 While I insert my inner self inside ya tender vittles 
 A hot pocket Snoop Dogg told me to stop it 
 He heard me in the other room bangin' a broom 
 And baby better do me like I'm one in a million 
 Check yo' feelings and point that ass to the ceiling 
 'Cause I'm the dick 'em down king 'call me on the celly 
 Let it ring and prepare ya lips for the ding ding 
 And if ya got some friends let 'em bend on over 
 While I ride 'em like a '98 Rover 
 You can wish and you want but this dick ya gonna meet 
 Hit ya elbows and knees and spread ya booty cheeks 
 And call me Daddi with a "I" girl you're doin' 
 Everything by the book Nate Dogg tell 'em how she looked 
 Nate: 
 Girl ya lookin' fine so fine I wonder if you'd like to take the time 
 To grind. If so why don't you leave with me today let's play 
 This game I call it touch a secret place let's play 
 See first I just grab ya from behind ya mine and then 
 I just push until I find that ?? Right now I know you've came 
 A couple of times that's fine as long as you know I have to leave 
 In time. You can't be... You can't be he-ey you can't be my lady 
 But I'll let you be let you be my playmate. You can't be he-ey 
 You can't be my lady but I'll let you be let you be my playmate. 
 Gangsta D: 
 Now ain't nothin' like tight pussy on my dick 
 It's the Gangsta D baby never saved a trick 
 Got a harem full of hoes mashin' to the studio 
 With all my niggas you will get busy hoe 
 Now the first bitch she want dick to the tonsils 
 My second and third wanna fuck on the console 
 My fourth start to leave like the Duke was shootin' shots 
 While my money maker walking the stroll for my knot 
 Got that bitch mouth smellin' like fresh cock 
 KK: 
 Young toit If I can smell it I'm a tell ya to get going 
 With a douche pack you're makin' my nose react 
 Reekin' but that ain't tweed or no yak 
 More like 25 pounds of get back & I can tell by ya 
 Walk it's talk back but if that ain't yo case let me take a ride 
 On yo' love rollercoaster pull them panties aside KK 
 El Debarge: 
 I'ma lead it to the left and to the right & I'ma 
 Make ya scream and holla for more & I bet 
 You when I'm in it you can't help but to admit it 
 You ain't never came this good before 
 Chevis-Regal got my dick so hard I ain't gon' 
 Make it to the house because that's too far 
 Mr. Quik give me the keys to the Benzo 
 So I can hit it right here on the E-Lo Ha Baaaaby 
 I'ma get some pussy tonight as soon as you turn off the lights 
 I'ma get some pussy tonight as soon as you turn off the lights 
 I'ma get some pussy tonight as soon as you turn off the lights 
 I'ma get some pussy tonight as soon as you turn off the lights 
 Quik: <Voice distorted beyond comprehension> 
 Ad libs till end.