Awwww yeah! 
 Hey, check it out... 
 DJ Quik is in the motherfuckin house! (repeat 8X) 
 (DJ Quik) 
 Check it out... 
 Now I be knockin' bitches like it ain't shit 
 'Cause I'ma playa motherfucker named DJ Quik 
 Yo, maybe it's the way, I hold my dick 
 That makes all the girlies wanna ride my tip 
 But some of these bitches try to act unfair (why?) 
 Maybe its because my hair is longer than theirs 
 But I don't give a fuck, no I don't care 
 Because I'm like Noah's Ark - my bitches come in pairs 
 You see I'm 5'11", my dick is size seven 
 And if a hooker's fine I can stretch you a nine 
 It goes deep (how deep?) All up in that shit 
 I'll fuck a pussy dry 'cause I don't know how to quit 
 I'm 19 (say what?) so I'm a young ass man 
 My eyes are brown and my skin is tan 
 So pull them cotton-ass panties right down to ya knees 
 If you wanna take part in a proper-ass skeez 
 I'm more than a playa (word?) I'm more like a pimp (yeah!) 
 I love black pussy but I sure won't simp 
 I got the bitches on my jock like an airplane wing 
 And only way for me to get 'em off I have to sing 
 I say, "Ooh hoe, don't jock me so, 
 Never-ever-ever wanna let me go, 
 Once I whip this dick on you!" Hey, check it out 
 I say, "Ooh hoe, don't call me no mo', 
 How in the fuck can I let you know, 
 That I'm a motherfuckin troop!" (Aww yeah, worrrd 'em up!) 
 Now that oughta tell ya right then and there 
 That I'm a true motherfucker so ya better beware 
 'Cause when we huggin and kissin', and ya wanna get mushy 
 Girl ya best be prepared to fuck because I love black pussy! 
 I can't help it 'cause I love black pussy... 
 I got to have it, just like a rabbit - black pussy... 
 Black pussy... what kind? 
 {*Quik scratches "Sweet, sweet, sweet... sweet"*} 
 (DJ Quik) 
 Yeah... and I'm takin' 
 All the money from these funky hoes that I be breakin 
 If you say that there's another Quik then you're mistaken 
 I amm not a coward and you'll never see me shakin 
 Never breakin lots of money that I'm makin' 
 If you double-cross me then I'll be your undertaker 
 I will never be-friend you because you are a steaker 
 Open up your mouth if you want some beefsteak-ah 
 If you suck it long enough you'll taste a milkshake-uh 
 Lyrics I am hummin, when they see me comin' 
 Suckers they... aww shit, hold up man 
 {*Needle drags across the record*} 
 This the wrong motherfuckin page and shit 
 Aww shit, I need to start on the... 
 Oh okay, here we go: 
 {*Music kicks back in*} 
 Black pussy! Always talkin' 'bout it 'cause I love it 
 Women get grown up just as soon as they let me rub it 
 And in a week's span, my homey Freak-Man 
 Sinks into so much pussy we should call him Quik-sand 
 (Last hoe was done by the true motherfuckers 
 From the P-E-N-T-H-O-U-S-E) Players Clique 
 Tweety's in the cold room, Freaky's in the studio room 
 I am in the livin' room, and Hammer's in the bedroom 
 Freakin! (Or should I say skeezin?) 
 Call it livin' large in 1990 because playin' be the reason 
 So many freaks we have to forward the calls 
 And when the girlies hear the... {*beeper goes off*} 
 ... They pause, and get hot (how come?) 
 I think they know what time it is 
 They should know that's how we handle our biz (gotta handle it) 
 They shouldn't trip and call playin' a sin 
 Because it's in and we're all black men so we love black pussy! 
 And ya know that, because we show that! 
 Yeah... 
 Aww yeah! 
 'Cause DJ Quik is the king of the underground scene 
 Yeah 
 DJ Quik is in the motherfuckin house (say what?) 
 DJ Quik is in the motherfuckin house (say WHAT?) 
 And Shabby Doo is in the motherfuckin house (is that right?) 
 And Too E Caddy's in the motherfuckin house (aww yeah!) 
 And Playa Hamm is in the motherfuckin house (say what?) 
 And Donzelly's in the motherfuckin house (say WHAT?) 
 And Greedy Gregg is in the motherfuckin house, break it down! 
 Aww yeah... DJ Quik is in here for the big 9-0! 
 Along with the O.G.P.B.C. in the motherfuckin house baby 
 Yo, and we outta here, peace