Ain't no puzzle y'all, we, uh, 
 Groovin off the spirituality, and it feels good. 
 I got somethin' to say though. 
 It's time for somebody to take over the West Coast power with fly style, 
 And I'm the one, been here for years so check your file 
 'Cause I'm the kinda nigga with a strong desire 
 To nutt up, light a torch, and set the world on fire!, 
 See me bouncin' in my 'Vette, Doin' donuts in the middle of a ?seater? 
 Wit ?Rolarita?, tryin' to find some place to eat her 
 'Cause I'm freaky with a capital L 
 I'll eat that poor little Piper Peter till there ain't nothing left 
 I'm nasty 
 See, we gets better when you think we hot, 
 And we got more cheddar than they think we got 
 'Cause see we make the kinda money that when we withdrawl 
 They notify the feds 'cause it's too much y'all 
 What you call a stash, we call the petty cash, 
 Spend five or six figures a month ?ain't nothing gash? 
 Party all night, then we sleep all day, 
 Drink Corona X for breakfast then we ready to play 
 I still like a green eyed big ol' titties and thighs 
 Big ol' nigger, little heart, and I'm big into thighs 
 So shoot your game baby girl, don't be scared to take a pet 
 You never know, it just might be wet 
 We still party, It get's high 
 Sometimes we don't feel grown-up and that's no lie 
 So we party, till we die 
 'Cause life is much too short for you to not be fly 
 Now other night I be drunk off a gallon a Moet 
 I can still make the beats stink like some salmon croquette 
 Go to the hood and get all the kids that I can fit 
 In a limo take 'em to the store and buy 'em some shit 
 Give 'em a demo of my new shit 'cause it's the shit 
 And let 'em know that they the shit 
 And they can make hits 'cause it ain't shit 
 I gotta keep the cycle goin', baby doll, 
 Whichever way that they be blowin' under, 
 Higher than a motherfucker, Mr. Dante, 
 C'mon B back me up pitch in everyday, 
 Whether it's hot, whether it's cold, 
 Whether it's soft, whether it's bold, 
 Whether it's new, whether it's old, 
 Whether it's GOLD, or platinum, stack 'em, 
 Dante, baby dog, we be fly, 
 Freestylin' like a motherfucker don't ask why, 
 'Cause this ain't Budweiser, 
 "Bud", "weis", "er", 
 "Did you see the, thighs on her?" 
 We nastier then a motherfucker baby doll, 
 Can I freak your shit, and, uh, break the shit the wall down? 
 Up to the compound?, uh huh 
 Elements, Feel my elephant, hahaha 
 Now can y'all feel that? See, ain't nothing but God mackin' goin' on right 
 Now, see? Da game is to be told and not sold dependin' on which game it is, 
 And we gon' keep it way real, you know? 'Cause it ain't no doubt in nobody's 
 Mind that I'm a very blessed individual, there. If we don't turn it around and 
 Give it back than we can't we can't go forward, it's up to you. That's what we 
 Do every time we get on this microphone, we let 'em know that we might be 
 Street rappers, but we are very much in order, and we got somethin' to say. So 
 If you feelin' me like we feelin' y'all, get yo ass up on the ball. Time to 
 Take this shit back. All of it. 'Cause it was ours to begin with. Don't sleep 
 Baby. Don't sleep homey. Now when the hook come back again, 
 Youknowwhati'msayin? 
 (Fade out)