(Feat. Goodfella and Native) 
 O... yeah... la la la la la la la... la la la la... la la la la la la... la la la la... la la la la la la la... 
 Shine the whip, back to the buffer then pearl the strip, hit a couple corners then, on my left, you were on a bus stop, I had to bust a U turn I didn't wanna circle the block, I might had lost ya lost ya babe it woulda been awful awful baby girl your doing to much in a mini skirt she hoped up in the coop I could use me a passenger... 
 She was a bus stop breezy, (until I picked her up) now she's my drop top breezy (I lift down the top) she was a bus stop breezy (you know I had to stop) she's my bus stop breezy (my diamond in the rough) I said I'm winning, and winning winning and winning she was a bus stop breezy (until I picked her up) now she's my drop top breezy (my diamond in the rough rough rough...) 
 Pause on the left, sucking on a blow pop, boy she can, full equipped, like a lexus with an upgrade I think she's kinda special and I've got it made, now that I gotcha gotcha girl, you better watch it watch it girl, I like my shortys like my whip, as you can see it topless girl... 
 She was a bus stop breezy, (until I picked her up) now she's my drop top breezy (I lift down the top) she was a bus stop breezy (you know I had to stop) she's my bus stop breezy (my diamond in the rough) I said I'm winning, and winning winning and winning she was a bus stop breezy (until I picked her up) now she's my drop top breezy (my diamond in the rough rough) 
 Pull up at the stop light, somethings in my heart right, see through my perreffial shortys looking beautiful, but she's on the bus stop, lights green must stop, girl what's your destination and name? she said I'm coming from the mall but I got me a man, girl I feel your man's gutless what's you on that bus stop for girl hop up in this cutless I'm a let the drop top on this 74' so when we cruise yeah your hair'll blow, good fella A.K.A robert deniro, I don't cap'em and save'em baby, long way from a hero, I can see somthing in ya they didn't see tho, you with a G tho, I drop the T.O.P tho... 
 She was a bus stop breezy, (until I picked her up) now she's my drop top breezy (I lift down the top) she was a bus stop breezy (you know I had to stop) she's my bus stop breezy (my diamond in the rough) I said I'm winning, and winning winning and winning, she was a bus stop breezy (until I picked her up) now she's my drop top breezy (my diamond in the rough) 
 You know I always rap flatts what it say on them plates, them dimples in yo face, gangsta lean stand up straight, delectable hood I like 'em like I'm hood and sexual so I put my bid in like an even collectible, your lips are so perfect I picture them lickin' lollipops, working it down to the center and make me drop my top, she cracked a smile thas when I knew I had her, her head game was wow I said it didn't matter, we stay skeetin through traffic yeah just the two of us, just raise the status girl your moving up, look at you shinin from coal to a diamond we headed striaghe to the moon and knocking out the ladder... 
 She was a bus stop breezy, (until I picked her up) now she's my drop top breezy (I lift down the top) she was a bus stop breezy (you know I had to stop) she's my bus stop breezy (my diamond in the rough) I said I'm winning, and winning winning and winning she was a bus stop breezy (until I picked her up) now she's my drop top breezy (my diamond in the rough rough rough rough)