(Erick sermon) 
 Oh... yeahhuh! 
 Def squad 
 Chorus: erick sermon 
 It's all in the mind... (pump pump, lickin' shots!) *7x* 
 (Pump pump, lickin' shots) 
 (Erick sermon) 
 Aiyyo it's the master rap maniac, comin' fat like dat 
 That's my habitat, with the funk track 
 From the boondocks, when I rocks my styles out the docks 
 Who who? I hear someone knockin' at my door 
 It must be soup, a black human bein 
 I think it's about time for y'all to see him 
 (Soup) 
 Sometimes I get blindsided with the flow, I never know 
 They yell hoe, assumin the motions of a cool flow 
 Notions of a cool, it's the s, oh 
 Never come test, no, cause even the best'll have to 
 Go out with the rest, nestea and a bag of sess for me 
 Ackninckulous, I kill the weeds in my chest 
 (Erick sermon) 
 Back on the rebound, it's the magnificents funkdullah 
 Old schooler, more sole/soul than dr. scholl-ah 
 Freakin wicked so it sticks in your dome 
 On the chrome microphone so I take it home 
 Don't neglect, just respect, the mic check 
 Don't forget, I still snap necks and come correct 
 I leave the microphone burnin (burnin) 
 Green eyed bandit, my ? full name is erick sermon 
 (Soup) 
 Erick sermon, sermon with the preaching 
 I'm fuckin' up people's heads without speaking, without speaking 
 Clearly, loudly, niggaz crowd around the speaker 
 To hear me freak the, note like tamika 
 But sweeter, sixty phoneta, sneaker if you 
 Peep the, jams and you reap the fields 
 With the roots and uh, my name is soup, and uh 
 I flow like orange juice or tropicana, and uh 
 (Erick sermon) 
 Breaker breaker, shh, I hear some static 
 Stop and get my automatic, the rusty one from the attic 
 And shoot, or be killed, and if I ill I might cause 
 A bloodspill so I have to chill and get 
 Totally disgusting on the microphone 
 Why, because it's onnnnn (it's on, it's on) 
 It's on (it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on!) 
 (Soup) 
 The industry is a trick, and everyone is on the dick 
 A cheap trick, just like ? like? 
 I peep it, everyone, wants me to sound like 
 A ?, I'm dyin', before I get up from behind 
 It's crushin up the rush of the rhyme in my mind 
 Drink and trust - blind, think and trust - my, nine 
 Because, nine lives nine triggers 
 Fine rhymes equal the nine figures 
 Yeah the cold cash, I hold a bold stash 
 Yeah pockets next to my nineteen year old ass 
 Yeah, God bless the child with his own 
 God bless the roots and outsiders who zone 
 Motherfuckers caps, get bucked in the dome 
 Lick a shot, in his mad packed crazy chrome 
 Chorus (+ soup shouting over) 
 (Soup) 
 Like that, but it's all words 
 Words can kill more pens, than guns, and friends 
 And foes, God knows, I chose the pros 
 That rose, still froze-n, chose-n, you 
 S-o-u and the p, e, r-i-c-k 
 Erick sermon, kickin a rhyme this way 
 Yeah! it's all in, your mind 
 It's all in, my mind 
 It's all in, my mind...