(Erick Sermon) 
 Check it out 
 I pull up to your bumper, with somethin' funky 
 Yeah, somethin' stronger than brass monkey 
 With the flavor I be kickin, dope 
 Like my horoscope, a Sagittarius, no joke 
 Word, the rappin' dynamite, quick to blow like Mike 
 Who am I? (E.D.) Right, right 
 Can you believe it, even Stevie Wonder couldn't see it 
 I'm catchin wreck so beat it 
 Yo I contour my lines, to freak a funky rhyme 
 To fit you like a pair of Calvin Kleins 
 Mad brother with distinction, keep the girls blinkin 
 And have the homeboys thinkin' 
 I'm the man of hour, of the hour 
 I found He-Man, jacked him for his power (gimme that) 
 Now I carry a sword, attached by a live cord 
 Oh my lord! 
 Chorus: Erick Sermon (repeat 4X) 
 Watch me do it up like this... {"like this.." -> Slick Rick} 
 Watch me do it up like that... {"like... like.."} 
 (Erick Sermon) 
 Yeah, E's real dope (word?) Yes indeed 
 No one can stop me, ask Apollo Creed 
 I pack a punch cause my crew runs deep 
 Like the Brady Bunch, and we all smoke the blunts 
 (Word 'em up now) I get raw, raw like a fish market 
 Mics I spark it, with the funky target 
 You must trust me, and stop tryin' to bug me 
 With the one-two, before I rush you and crush you 
 I'm on a mission, like a church group called Commission 
 Word-gifted, keep the crowd uplifted (yeah yeah) 
 E Double, a nigga standin tall 
 Rockin' the microphone "for all of y'all" 
 Word up, live on your station 
 Gettin' mad crowd participation, when I'm rockin' the nation 
 Don't forget, I'm still cock diesel 
 Hoes be on me like the measles 
 (Erick Sermon) 
 Oh no it's the End of the Road 
 Oh my God like Wanye, today was a good day 
 Word, ooh yah, I rip the mic to shreds 
 Enough lyrical food to keep the Ethiopians fed 
 Word 'em up {*pulls on a joint*} I inhale 
 From the K.D. Posse, two of my homegirls 
 When I rock the mic and get freaky and nasty 
 People in the industry seldom ask me 
 Whassup, whassup, whassup 
 Wit you E, ask Eddie Murphy (yeah yeah) 
 Don't forget, to reach for the stars 
 'Cause I'm past that, I'm reachin' for Mars, so 
 Peace to all those true human beings 
 Hehehehe, I see you in the coliseums 
 "This is MY MOTHERFUCKIN HOUSE!" -> Run of Run-D.M.C. 
 "This is MY MOTHERFUCKIN HOUSE!" -> Run of Run-D.M.C. 
 "This is MY MOTHERFUCKIN HOUSE!" -> Run of Run-D.M.C. 
 "This is MY MOTHERFUCKIN HOUSE!" -> Run of Run-D.M.C.