(Sermon doing a high-pitched voice) 
 Erick sermon is coming up... I see him! I see him! 
 (Erick sermon) 
 Word up 
 "You're quite hostile..." 
 "I got a right to be hostile!" 
 (Jeff stewart) 
 Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready 
 Help me bring to the stage the grandmaster 
 The undisputed heavyweight of hip-hop 
 The funklord, you know him as the green eyed bandit 
 Ladies and gentlemen... the MC grand royal 
 Erick sermon! 
 (Erick sermon) 
 It's the e double (who?) the funklord, God damn 
 Yo I'm swingin' more shit than tarzan (word 'em up) 
 I freak the ill tactics 'cause I'ma ghetto bastard 
 Some say my rap style is drastic 
 Whoa, I tear the frame out the microphone 
 Daddy's home, the owner of the chrome (yeah yeah) 
 Yo, my concepts is wicked; even the wicked witch 
 Couldn't get with the switch, the ugly bitch (word 'em up) 
 Time to reach my peak this week, and rock a ill technique 
 So y'all can freak out like sheep 
 The undercover from brentwood, yes I'm doing awesome 
 You wanna see me call steve austin (hehehehehe) 
 For your protection, go sit in the r&b section 
 For this session 
 'Cause I'm real deal boy you better believe it word 
 Straight from the boondocks, a.k.a., the suburbs 
 Peace to the underground, where I create my sound 
 That's more doper than "spellbound" (word) 
 My time's up, so what the fuck slouch? (yeah) 
 I'ma be back, for now I'm out (word up!) 
 "You're quite hostile..." 
 (Jeff stewart) 
 And now "i gotta right to be hostile!" 
 Introducing, the man with the flyest transparent style on the planet 
 "You're quite hostile..." 
 "I gotta right to be hostile!" 
 Straight from l.o.d., kirkland ave 
 "You're quite hostile..." 
 The one and only philly blunt king 
 "I gotta right to be hostile!" 
 "You're quite hostile..." 
 "I gotta right to be hostile!" 
 (Keith murray) 
 Keith murray's, comin' from the north south east and left 
 Rhymin to death, makin' a world when I take a deep breath 
 With a body boom bash, my paragraph a trey-deuce 
 Human behavior in a psychopath 
 Ooh, I might lose my cool, and break fool 
 And pull out my get busy tools 
 I write like a mad journalist 
 To funk, that's deeper than a bottomless spliff (that's my word) 
 The most beautifullest thing in this world 
 Is my notion, for murderous poetry in motion 
 And the illiotic shit I come across 
 Form a leash you're trapped in with explosive force 
 I push your head through the cracks of sanity 
 And leave your brain doin' a bid in purgatory 
 It's ninety-six degrees in the shade 
 Before I catch blood on my blade 
 I take my frustration to the stage 
 And gets open dope and stupid bumblin rumblin tracks 
 When I rap my jams be packed like a laundromat 
 My context'll wreck your whole concept 
 Cause my delivery is so complex 
 And I'm inter-galactic on plastic 
 With the superdistinguish that I kick 
 I'm high strung at the top of my lung 
 With my tongue makin' hardcore niggaz wanna get dumb 
 My dialogue comes straight from the slums 
 Damnage to your medula, cerebrum and cerebellum 
 If ya got a crew ya better tell em 
 (Jeff stewart) 
 ("Hostile" sample set repeats in background) 
 Ladies and gentlemen, what you've just witnessed 
 Is the incredible skills of erick sermon... and keith murray 
 Coming to an album near you soon 
 This has been another erick sermon production 
 This is jeff stewart signing off, and until next time saying... 
 God damn!