(Marvin Gaye) 
 Just like music... 
 This is Marvin Gaye 
 I'd like to wish you all the uh, best 
 Uh love each other, peace be with you 
 Umm - I sure do hope you uh like this music 
 God bless you all 
 (Erick Sermon) 
 Peace to Keith Murray 
 (Keith Murray (Marvin Gaye)) 
 Must be the MU-SIC, that got me in a zone 
 Step until your bones make you lose control 
 Take hold of your mind body and your soul 
 Soul... (hah baby, woo - just like music) 
 As I do ya, who ya 
 Run right through ya, like I never knew ya, ooh 
 Stick to your ribs like grits 
 I get better with time with this shit (just like music) 
 Aww man, make you feel so good 
 I rain through your neighborhood, like a sunshower 
 Shine light in the darkest hour 
 Give the weakest man the most power (just like music) 
 So harmonious and sacred 
 Without this, I don't think the world would ever make it 
 When negativity come my way, that thing bang 
 How it sound Marvin? (Just like music) 
 (Chorus: Marvin Gaye) 
 (Erick Sermon:] "Music" [x16) 
 Music baby, I don't worry 'bout a thing 
 Ah turn on your music, see my happiness beam 
 ... Just like music 
 (Redman) 
 Yo, yo, yo dogg 
 How you doin'? I bent my back Lex tire movin 
 On the hood streets, hood beats, drippin down jewelry 
 I'm outside where the crooks meet 
 But God don't give me shook feet (just like music) 
 Yeah, untrained untamed guerilla 
 I'm the one to blame when the earth start goin' 
 (Insaaaaaaaaaaaane, aww baby) 
 ... Shake it, shake it shake it ... (woo, music) 
 Yo, I can't get in the club, so what? 
 I got a hot dame, bout to make the drawers 
 (Fall like raaaaaaaaaaaain - all over yo' head) 
 (Awww baby, music) 
 To my deputies, call me Boss Hog 
 When I smoke sticky, I'm able to walk walls 
 And I won't fall, only thing my car stalls 
 But I'm in the hood nigga (just like music) 
 (Chorus: Marvin Gaye) 
 (Erick Sermon:] "Music" [x16) 
 Music baby, I don't worry 'bout a thing 
 Ah turn on your music, see my happiness beam 
 (Marvin Gaye) 
 Ohhhwoah, your love is music, oh my darling yes 
 Your love is music, awww baby yeah, and music is my life 
 I've got my music, turn on some music 
 La-da-da-da-dah, dah-dah-dah, doo-doo-doo-doo-doo! 
 La-da-da-da-dah, doo-doo-doooooo 
 Turn on some music, turn on some music 
 Da-da-da-da, doo-doo-doooo-doo 
 Doo-doo-doo, do-doo-doo-doo doo, la-la-dah 
 Turn on some music, I've got my music 
 (Erick Sermon:] "Music" [x8) 
 Hey... I love my music hey, you need the music 
 (Erick Sermon:] "Music" [x8) 
 Awwwww-awwww-awwwww, awwwwwwwwwwwhh - just like music 
 Awwwwwwwww-awwwwwww 
 I've got my music hey, I love the music, ow 
 Turn on some music hey, get off the music, woo 
 Turn up the music ow, let's have the music, huh 
 Yeah