Yo, now when you hear the name Keith Murray, don't think violence 
 That's nonsense, me and Meth put that to silence 
 I'm a product of the streets, master of the breaks and beats 
 Lyrically headstrong and can't be beat 
 Triple minded, mentally combineded underground pirate 
 Microphone tyrant, always comin' sideways 
 And Topsy turvy, lyrical crash-up derby 
 Come, Filthy McNasty, pretty gritty dirty 
 Lyrical sayin' MC slayin', 'Hip Hop Quotable' 
 Unquotable, sociable thirty-eight caliber style swayin' 
 Open your mind to visualize what I'm sayin' 
 The products of the streets don't be playin' 
 It's a bloody ambush like a dirty douche in ya tush 
 When I push, push up in ya bush 
 Superstar status, break off beats, the baddest 
 Style's the baddest, bring extra clips to stop the madness 
 Yo, we in the place 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 DJ, pick up the pace 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 Gyrate, feel the bass 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 What the deal, huh? 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 Aiyyo we ain't playin' fair no more, there's somethin' new in store 
 A Hot Boy but not from the 504 
 New technique to rock the mic 
 Lyrical 'Blade' sharp like Wesley and N'Bushe Wright 
 Soundbombin' could be a catastrophe 
 When NASA blast off, Flex blast off me 
 E-vincible, rap round your left ventricle 
 So let's be sensible 
 E temperamental, quick to dismember you 
 Wyclef that 'November' you 
 They wish they can do what I can do 
 If you could switch brains, you would, wouldn't you? 
 My style is Mike, Vince, Earvin 
 Jordan, Carter, Julius, servin' 
 MC's at will, I'm trickery, Lou ain't stickin' me 
 A curve ball, Mark ain't hittin' me 
 Yo, we in the place 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 DJ, pick up the pace 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 Gyrate, feel the bass 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 Yo, what the deal, huh? 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 Yo, rapid gunfire destroy ya boys and unemploy some 
 Put the headphones on your kid like Castor Troy's son 
 Darts'll damage ya dogs where the U-Haul in my truck 
 The camera installed, hand upon my balls 
 Call the morgue, I'm killin' 'em, even Kyle is not feelin' 'em 
 When I drill 'em with skills of ten Eminems 
 You feminine, don't even call my name 
 I stay locked down walkin' with a ball and chain 
 Put the mac where you tongue at, I done that 
 These young cats'll get thumbtacked and sent where Big Pun at 
 Smoke so much, the doc asked where my lung at 
 I took it out to stash my gun, son run that 
 Pop mega shit, I pop mega clips 
 Fuck a system, I keep the heat where your Sega sit 
 Then I bang the controller 'til the game say, "Over" 
 In the Bricks, we'll stick ya when ya plane lays over 
 Yo, we in the place 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 DJ, pick up the pace 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 Gyrate, feel the bass 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 What the deal, huh? 
 (Now whut's up?) 
 Yo, y'all know me, maniacs and addicts add it, at it 
 Venomous addict snake biter, I the, at it 
 'Cause I'm a little odder at it 
 In the Ac' with the aircraft and then leave inactive 
 My alter-ego make niggaz alter their egos 
 I flow and turn the East coast to one big creep show 
 South premisy, Filthy-delphia pistol bangers 
 Pistol changin', pistol bangin' 
 I lift metal like Lithuanians 
 Two thousand nail me Sy Scott rap's new insanian 
 It's humane, punish ya mayn 
 'Til no skeletal remains remain remain mainly main 
 To bitten man made disease that's made by man 
 Crackin' the DNA code to see how God made man 
 I storm the mainland, scare MC's like slave hands 
 Put microchips in they wristbands and make 'em rain dance 
 Lay hands like Mike Strahand 
 Puttin' ya face and hands in Ace bands 
 Tryin' to lift more than ya waistband 
 I travel every shinin' sea, sea and land to finally see 
 When niggaz land in the error era wherever, forever no error 
 Easily cut niggaz careers down like ever 
 Ever forever and ever, don't you ever 
 Fuck with Sy, Khi and Erick when we come together, what?