This goes out to my peoples in Queens. Representing, Brooklyn, Uptown. 
 Yeah, yeah Boogie Down Bronx, Staten Island, all the way to New Jersy. Tri 
 State Area. Long Island 
 Ha ha, welcome radio land and others, my underground brothers is mad deep 
 Like gutters 
 I bring it no matter what the situation, underwater, through fire 
 Across barded wire, what? I'm quick to Change Faces without R. Kelly 
 When you step on me you best be ready. I heats it up like house kitchen 
 When I'm bitchin' with this redition, chill or you might catch an ass 
 Whippin' 
 There's something wrong ha, I can't go on, and commence 
 Tear the frame out an MC's ass with the quickness, no forgiveness 
 This is the way E does business, one touch and I'll weaken the average came 
 To be rap star 
 By far by far, my entourage is Sugar Hill like Wesly Snipes 
 Def Squad is the main attraction for y'all everynight 
 "I came through the door" - Rakim 
 And I set it off (X4) 
 Dun da da, the E Double brings it full steam 
 Eyes are green, yeah, taken sucker niggas for they cream 
 I rock the mic, all right, with intentions to please and decapitate all 
 Gimmick MC's 
 Yeah, I come action packed like a flick, and dismantle those duck MC's that 
 Can't handle 
 My sound goes through my musical speakers, beeotch, and flash a symbol like 
 The Grym Reaper 
 To signify, gamma ray I display on wax is ridiculous, way out likt the crew 
 On Star Trek 
 Yeah, I keep my style Black like Panthers, with women more fat than 
 Samathas 
 Damn, this don't make no F in' sense, for me to be on top bigger than 
 Monuments 
 A star ghost super nova turns into a black hole 
 That got put into your soul 
 For those that envy me and say I ain't about nothing and everything you see 
 My names on something 
 Flawless, outlandish, unique complete, off the wall technique I develop 
 Without speech (whoa) 
 On bended knee I could damage an MC, thourgholy 
 Yeah, yeah take him for his currency, remarkable, the black Superman in the 
 Sky 
 Flying through the air with green eyes 
 Keith Murray talking outro: 
 Yeah, yeah yeah, watch your back black. Don't even step up, word is born. 
 L.O.D. is in here too you know what I'm sayin'? Def Squad for life, PPP 
 Taking it everywhere, midwest, mideast, southwest, southwest, north, south, 
 East, west, northwest, northwest, south, north, south, everywhere I sets it 
 Off. You know what I'm saying? Paintin the boards, rippin' the mic, rippin' 
 Niggas anything you like word up set it of E D. Keith Murray in this piece.