I. 
 It's on breaker 1, 2 mike checkin' 
 Flexin no half steppin 
 When I release the funky weapon 
 Like Ricochet ping ping ping. 
 I make fans fell it even when I sing. 
 The green eyed bandit coming funky with the tune yes 
 I'm blowing up like Tom Berringer in Platoon. 
 I'm playing kinda ruff like Zapp 
 Whapp and E-Double smack to all the crossover raps black 
 Who ain't down with the format 
 When you should be wearing khakis and not dress slacks 
 That's wack 
 You trippin' you better wake up and smell the coffee 
 And then back up off me 
 I serious I can't believe some people letting frontiers in 
 And then compare them equal boy you must be buggin 
 You lucky you don't catch a slug in the chest in 
 From the Smith and Wessons. 
 Change the out look 
 Change the cover of the book 
 You hip hop crook and give back what you took. 
 It's the Funk coming at cha 
 So don't let the crossover catch ya. 
 Boy stay real. 
 II. 
 It's on again yeah about the fake hip hop trends 
 For those who can't comprehend just ask your friends 
 They know the real deal of rap music no frontin 
 You can't be talking loud and saying nothing 
 You must be true to the game you understand 
 And if not I could kill you man 
 For being false plus extra fake on the tape 
 Talking hardcore when you soft like a piece of cake. 
 You can't put nothing pass me that horrendous cause 
 I've been here since strictly business 
 The era of Eric and Rakim, Biz, Public Enemy, Run-DMC, 
 Houdini, The Beasties, Stetsa, Fresh Prince and Jazzy Jeff, LL 
 When he was rockin' bells. 
 Sucker which fake emcee is rearranging the structure band 
 The motherf--ker. And don't let this happen again 
 Cause rap could be gone the wind. 
 So stay real. 
 III. 
 Yes I'm back Black for those who might be confused 
 And lost and don't wanna pay the cost 
 Of me hardcore style type a human being 
 On the microphone when I be emceeing. 
 Some fake the Funk and Main Source know it 
 How do I know cause MTV shows it. 
 Clowns that should be beat down on the spot 
 And catching nothing but speed knots the bumbadots 
 I insist we veto all fake emcees and wanna be's 
 That's worst than the AIDS disease. 
 So wake up Spike Lee Joint 
 And don't be a knucklehead and get to the point 
 With the Funk and pump up the volume 
 Make the wild tune to make the party boom 
 Peace to Redman the Rap Funkadelic 
 The only emcee that's compared to Erick because I'm real.