"Kick it over here baby pop!" 
 Chorus: murray, sermon, others 
 (Km) swing it over here! 
 (All) yo swing it over here! 
 (Km) swing it over here! 
 (All) c'mon swing it over here! 
 (Km) y'all swing it over here! 
 (All) yo swing it over here! 
 (Km) come swing it over here! 
 (Red) yo, swing it over there! 
 Verse one: keith murray 
 My rap style is swift like boom bips 
 So come get a whip, and a bump, it's rough 
 Crews couldn't hold it in handcuffs 
 The ordeal is that I'm raw ill on the mic 
 Switchin my styles up like a transvestite (word) 
 I think of competition as ? ? and 
 Keith murray is the vocabulary champ 
 ? Come in against deep notable to breach lines? 
 I'll make you make the same mistake twice three or four times 
 And nobody got a style like this 
 You could say, I got my thinking cap on backwards 
 I'll demolish the retarded smartest rap artists 
 Regardless, tryin' to scream the hardest 
 I fuck your head up like amphetamines with l.o.d. 
 Then bend you out of shape like a master yogi 
 I put my head through your chest, just to see 
 Who's next in line, just to get wrecked 
 I makes contact, bust the interlude 
 I take my skills to another level like qualudes 
 And you couldn't hear me out; cause the type of shit 
 I converse about'll drag your brain in the slaughterhouse 
 Chorus: change to (all) throughout 
 Verse two: erick sermon 
 Cling cling, somebody tell me something 
 Why I got more props than don king without bouncing boxing rings? 
 *Ding ding* I be the flyest guy you ever sawr on the microphone 
 Rip the shit to pieces, so leave me alone 
 Check me out, the way I freak the mode 
 The active half flippin shit so split 'fore I explode - boom! 
 So umm, pay attention, before I put you and your crew on suspension 
 For being closed minded to my invention 
 Yo, I rock on reel when I record oh my lord 
 The world full of jackers so I keep my shit stored 
 When I rock the microphone I rock it right 
 And keep it hardcore and more blacker than wesley snipes 
 To my crew there's no match 
 You want more funk then here's another batch, yo I 
 Chorus: (all) throughout 
 "The redman that's what they call me" --> epmd's 'headbanger' (repeat 3x) 
 (Ed) oh no, here comes the funkadelic redman 
 Verse three: redman 
 Aoowwwwwhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh my goodness! could this be 
 The funk that I was stretching out my lungs 
 Funkadelic sums up *nasal inhale* I clear the mucus 
 Stick tissue up my nose to stop the snot from makin' spots 
 To be or not I still give niggaz polka dots for plots 
 Now richard dawson had a survey sayin' that I was awesome 
 Throw on your walkmans while I pour the funk sauce in your coffins 
 Wake up! while the blunt's laced up just to pick the pace up 
 My style's freaky, nasty like ? seka? pussy papers 
 When I raped her, you don't know check the four-uno-uno you know 
 That funk mixture that gets your body, holy like scriptures 
 Now right about now I'm settin off a bomb to blow the empire 
 To ashes -- cause my shit's more raw than niggaz stashes 
 Massive funk, swingin' bangin' bent up while I fucked ya 
 I'm rough enough ta, fuck up another white man's trucker 
 Redman's evil like the board of ouiji, niggaz could smoke 
 A whole pound of weed and couldn't see me off the TV!