(Chorus, Ice Cube) 
 With tha boom and ping! 
 Listen to the ill shit that I bring bring! 
 (Repeats 4 times) 
 (Erick Sermon) 
 What's the 411? 
 Erick Sermon, Ice Cube, and Kam are here to get the job done 
 So back the fuck up! I have an attitude, dude, I'm 'bout ta get rude 
 I'm buckin' out shots during my interlude 
 Right about now I'm 'bout ta get corageous like the cat 
 Got the gat in the corner of my back so get the bozack 
 The American Dream, the people choice pick 
 I flip more vowels than Pat Sajak's white bitch 
 I'm bad ask Michael Jackson's dad about E-Double 
 The mack fram, the black superman made of steel 
 The mic I'm holdin' is a Samson 
 E-D the Green Eyed Bandit in raw fashion 
 I'm lettin' niggaz know my territory 
 My ground is rugged. I kill a million niggaz so fuck it! 
 Nick knack paddy whack give a dog a bone 
 Once again it's on with the brand new song, yeah boy! 
 (Kam) 
 God damn, not Kam! 
 But I'm afraid so, I lay low like a brick 
 Quick to make a cameo, so hand me your eardrum 'cause here comes the 411 
 Little devils don't go to heaven, 187 on a saltine cracker 
 Smack a, paranoid busta so don't make me have to act a fool 
 What's up? Now you can determine 
 The West Coast niggaz is down with Erick Sermon on the G tip 
 We trips hard on the opposition 
 Three niggaz on a mission so listen to the Ill Shit 
 'Cause we'll get wrecked! 
 What you expect! Fuck a rain nigga take a chin check! 
 (Ice Cube) 
 Well here I go again, throwin' up the W 
 Ice Cube and I'm down wit' E-Double crew 
 Pullin' up in my homie's black 6-4 
 Hittin' switches but mine's a convertible 
 Matched to the West side, still got the 2-2 
 'Cause some niggaz don't believe in a gang truce 
 Personal shit what is this??? EPMD, goin' out of business? 
 God damnit! Can't leave my dog stranded... the green eyed bandit 
 Picked up Kam cause my nigga need a ride. Fuck a peace treaty 
 But still have the 4-5... glock cocked for the clown 
 Yeah we down pulled up and echoed sound 
 Don't ya know that we can drop 10 of these, dope tracks 
 So fuck all our enemies!