[Keith Murray] Yeah yeah 
 [Erick Sermon] Yeah yeah, word up, uh 
 [Murray] Erick Sermon and Keith Murray 
 [Sermon] Representing that... 
 [Murray] Kickin' it to the beat 
 [Sermon] New York, word up 
 [Murray] E! E! E! 
 (Erick Sermon, Verse 1) 
 Respect my views on this day and era 
 Keep your eyes upon me, and not the sparrow of berettas 
 I'm fly, than any bird of this earth 
 For what it be, my style is butter like Worth 
 I freak the beat like I'm lost in the twilight 
 A zone with no phone, looking over parasites 
 I pack the house like Woodstock when I rock 
 A three day event of me dropping the illest shit 
 From here to New Jerz, back to Brooklyn and Queens 
 The Uptown to Bronx River, I still deliver 
 The off the wall for y'all 
 Rearranged cameo-type strange pumping through your veins 
 What your mommy do, if you're not ready to die like Biggie 
 I'ma keep jamming like Ziggy 
 I got the arrows wiped down like Funkmaster Flex 
 Sway and Tech, and Premier, and we in here 
 It's on like that! And everybody's welcome! 
 You are welcome 
 (x4) 
 Now, it's on like that once again, it's getting hot 
 Now it's time to blow up the spot 
 For my niggaz out there on the block getting money 
 Playas whose hustling, doing their thing 
 But me, I've lounged without the stone 
 Do it for my peeps, take it to the streets 
 All day, everyday, I sets the mood 
 Pile a bell of "Aye", with new attitudes 
 I change not for the words, but for the better 
 And be a trend-setter, and bring the best ever 
 Yeah, teach me for the president 
 So I can bring the vibes through your residence Double! 
 The ghetto blast, the green eyed rapper slash producer 
 And O.J. with the juice, uh! 
 Y'all know me, it's the E-R-I-C-K 
 So enjoy the day, and peace to Marvin Gaye 
 Let's groove back and forth like Aaliyah 
 If you don't got the vibe, then I wouldn't want to be ya 
 I threw it like a rap attack from New York to Hackensack 
 Kiss myself and jump back, surprise like a Crackerjack 
 The eye can bring the smiles without Chanice 
 And make enemies call truce, or even peace 
 [?]Funk Lord[?] fights back 
 Again without the Force or blue sky Chewbacca, R2D2 and the crew 
 The miracle worker, God praise him, praise him! 
 All of them ready for the funk, you feel like you want like (blaaah!) 
 Whatever you requested, and you suggested 
 That I bring the pain like Method 
 It's nothing nice, 'cause I'm down for whatever 
 Me and my beretta, me and my beretta 
 Goddammit, don't leave your dog stranded 
 Who? Yeah, the Green Eyed Bandit 
 (Hook repeats until the end)