(Feat. Kam) 
 Goddamn that nigga Kam back on the scene, 
 With the brown and black on the same team 
 The rap game seem so fucked up 
 If a real nigga ever got in he probably lucked up 
 These niggas sucked up our hood game 
 Got fame and fucked up our good name 
 It's a shame you got rich off of our stress and strife 
 And you ain't never gang banged in ya life! 
 Ya wife the one that really wear the pants in the house, 
 So answer this, is you a man or a mouse? 
 Tricky like Mickey when it comes to cheese, 
 (Yeah) you took a little quickie from the G's 
 But that's cool though you did a? 
 But after every show now the homies ask where that fool go? 
 And soon you'll know what we bothered about 
 When you hear my niggas hollerin' out 
 Where all the Eastside niggas at? 
 Whoop Whoop! 
 Where all the Westside niggas at? 
 Whoop Whoop! 
 Where all the Northside niggas at? 
 Whoop Whoop! 
 Where all the Southside niggas at? 
 Whoop Whoop Whoop! 
 It's that gangsta shit and if you really wanna know 
 I got thangs to spit and if you feel he run the show 
 Then you a busta too what must I do? 
 How many real rap niggas is it? (Just A few) 
 I put my trust in you like the OJ jury 
 But you dissed so feel my fists of fury! 
 Sure we used to be cool and all that junk 
 Little fat pot belly big titty duck ?? punk 
 With junk in yo trunk like Pam 
 On Martin don't be startin up no shit with Kam 
 'Cause I'll fuck you up you just ain't knowin' 
 Keep your eyes on the road and watch where you going 
 You takin' all my shots 
 Like the "W" you took from me nigga stand for Watts 
 Tryin' to say it stand for yo group 
 But like Toucan Sam Kam can always smell a Fruit Loop. 
 You can't see these G's in no kinda way 
 So what you wanna do what you tryin' to say? 
 Was you the only one dissin' or they were too 
 'Cause we can all go head up on Pay Per View! 
 Tryin' to get ya crew to do ya dirty work 
 You little nerdy jerk take this and watch the birdies chirp 
 This Eastside nigga make me bow down 
 Where all the C-Hogs & B-Dogs chowdown 
 Not ot mention the Brotherhood 
 That's F.O.Y. Killas to make it understood 
 I shoulda beat yo ass in Chicago 
 Don't need security guards wherever I go 
 And if it wasn't for Mustafa I really doubt 
 Anybody else coulda saved you from gettin' knocked out 
 That's what I'm about niggas gave me the scoop 
 Say what you killin' Rickets and Sloops! 
 How could I dis thee let me count the ways 
 See I can talk about yo ass for days 
 Iknow shit about you you don't even know 
 And if it wasn't for us you wouldn't even be breathin bro 
 That's for sho this ain't no fairy tale shit 
 But look at the thanks I get! 
 A hit record don't mean a motherfuck to me 
 Niggaz gave you a pass reluctantly 
 Cause you told 'em you was with us the FOY 
 And the niggas that was with me when I left know why 
 I said fuck street knowledge and sat far away 
 Fuck Ice Cube and pass Chardonnay 
 I gave all I could give 
 But niggas know we all work and know we all live 
 And tryin' to fuck me that's the worst mistake you could've made 
 Y'all cursed till the price is paid. 
 [Solo:] What's up nigga you got beef with me nigga? 
 [Cube:] Naw I ain't got beef with you nigga! 
 [Solo:] You got beef with my homeboy nigga? 
 [Cube:] Yo homeboy got beef with me! 
 [Solo:] You got beef with me then nigga 
 [Cube:] And