Uh, we, yeah 
 What, what, what, what 
 Get the... the program, 
 Told the niggers in the hood, smoke in that... if twist in at good 
 Gonna like that shit, if you... in the 64 grant 
 With the chicks so bad and the... 
 Just... with the gangsters... 
 Get with the program, get with the program. 
 Get with the Pj for shizzy this start to be easy, 
 To spit my atackalous... to smack up your... 
 I creack em,.. roll 'em to sleep, 
 Do what I tell ya cause the bitch believes, 
 It's hard to manage low self esteem 
 I take advantage with no time to panic, 
 I might... tell the bitch to dream what the bite is 
 Balloon or sandwich, 
 No more fruits and vegetables, 
 She's real cute and flexible, 
 But you must pursue professional, 
 And keep the cruet of rapped and,.. 
 Just... the niggers on sight 
 Will you leave the nigga on ice, 
 Shake... and roe, more money defoe, 
 Nephew I'm too cold. 
 Told the niggers in the hood, smoke in that... if twist in at good 
 Gonna like that shit, if you... in the 64 grant 
 With the chicks so bad and the... 
 Just... with the gangsters... 
 Get with the program, get with the program. 
 Take your time... your mind, 
 ... 
 I mean the good time is so hard to find, 
 ... Seem to be the signs of the times, 
 But I know I like to drink till... I'm blind, 
 I'm cool like... in this prime of the time, 
 ... Have my mirror, come here, let me see how I look 
 Got me shiver like the cook of a hook, 
 My life story I will read like a book, 
 So flip the chap... master, 
 Collaborate and never ever... 
 Through my teachers and... 
 Say your... 
 I gotta keep it high 
 And this is for mi niggers from the mother fucker... 
 So you like, (get with the program) what you see, 
 Oh yeah, I like you're fuckin' with a DJ. 
 So you like, (get with the program) what you see, 
 Oh yeah, I like you're fuckin' with a DJ. 
 PROGRAM is me and a whole lot of women, 
 At the house, in the back your swimmin' 
 I take your back to my humble beginnings 
 Gangsta walking (PIMP talking) 
 I... (my members is much...) 
 ... Is so... at the president had to listen at this 
 Any like... 
 And then he said Snoop Dog want you tell me what you like to do 
 I said I like to smoke, don't like to vote, 
 But I rock the boat and rock the coat 
 You know the one that dranks to the... 
 I like to pimp it my money after middle, 
 I like the young... and homey 
 I do about my lonely like David... 
 So you like, (get with the program) what you see, 
 Oh yeah, I like you're fuckin' with a DJ. 
 So you like, (get with the program) what you see, 
 Oh yeah, I like you're fuckin' with a DJ.