(Intro: Jack the Ripper sample) 
 Dear Boss 
 I keep on hearing that the police have caught me 
 But they won't fix me just yet 
 I have laughed when they looked so clever and talked about being on the right track 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Yo, you fucking hate me, you fucking lock me in the basement 
 And you still want me to protect you it doesn't make sense 
 Can-I-Bitch, I supported you like a weight bench 
 Without me you're defenseless, you better face it 
 You ain't show me love when you were at your apex 
 Getting paychecks up at the radio with DMX and Flex 
 Catching wreck while Noriega was catching his breath 
 I had to keep the situation in check 
 Look at the varicose veins in my neck, Germaine is the best 
 The industry fucked you I'm just paying them back 
 What's the matter with slaying Jackers, that's all I been doing 
 Besides talking shit I ain't done nothing to them 
 They're just mad 'cause when I see them I don't run up to them 
 Between me and you, yo, you know I'll run right through them... 
 (Canibus) 
 Calm down 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Who you telling to calm down, nigga? I'm a Ripper, remember? 
 I told you not to do 'Gone Till November' 
 But you wouldn't listen, I always had your best interests in mind 
 I wrote all your best lyrical lines 
 If it wasn't for me you'd be writing pitiful lines 
 On stage, if you were tired, I would spit them sometimes 
 Nobody knew you bit off my rhymes 
 I would just be quiet, stand to the side and let that shit ride 
 But I'm getting tired of having to remind you 'Bis 
 If it wasn't for me nobody would've signed you 'Bis... 
 (Canibus) 
 What Rip? Why you tripping? You know it's a crazy business 
 You're a lying ass bitch and you know it 
 Group Home was part my company, I co-owned it 
 If there's one thing I learned in showbiz, stay focused 
 And don't quit. Rip, why you talking about old shit? 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Germaine, you fucking water brain, don't you understand? 
 Fuck the mainstream! You should just call out names 
 The industry's all about game 
 I shit on them all the same and I leave spit stains on their brain 
 Like liquid chocolate spilling over their new white trainers 
 Insane is an understatement I'm Satan 
 Canibus is a Mason I don't know what the fuck Germaine is 
 I just know the both of y'all are trying my patience 
 I don't give a fuck about a beat I've been rhyming for ages 
 Rippers are dangerous all Jackers are afraid of us 
 You want to face me 'Bis? Kick a rhyme 
 (Canibus) 
 That's ridiculous 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 All right then listen to mine 
 I'll jump in a costume impromptu just to rob you 
 Put the nozzle to your eyeball and tell you what not to do 
 Rip your tonsils out through your nostrils 
 Bury you next to shark fossils, make it impossible to find you 
 Depths that Jacque Cousteau himself wouldn't dare to dive to 
 With goggles, oxygen bottles and Doppler effect modules 
 Lock you in a time capsule, smash the console 
 Shit on you in reverse and suck you in a brown hole 
 Suck the power out of your soul 
 You're nothing but a coward in a cold freezer with an hour to go 
 Watching my Casio stopwatch counting it slow 
 Like drug lords checking to see if it's talcum or coke 
 I could kill you by drowning the globe 
 Or I could just spit inside of a hole and put an ounce in your throat 
 In battles I'm a thousand and oh, I silence the Pope 
 Do you know how many rhymes I've economically grossed? 
 No? I thought so. Neither do I 
 It's a dick between your mother's thighs divided by Pi 
 I'm the sickest linguistically illicit lyrical misfit in the business 
 Or probably in existence, what's your consensus? 
 Studied my own syntax statistics since ninety-six with CPA certified assistants 
 I've made the decision that my standards are above precision 
 The only thing I can honestly say I love more than women are dope writtens 
 If it ain't dope then don't spit it 
 Don't be sensitive and get on the defensive just practice your penmanship 
 If you can't spit at hot temperatures then just quit 
 Be careful of the tongue it tends to bend to the left 
 According to manufacturer's specs you'll make a mess 
 And rupture the blood vessels in your neck fucking with Rip 
 Got millions of blueprints on zip disks 
 Stock versions of sick verses that come with conversion kits 
 With a course every Thursday that teaches you how to burst like Rip 
 You never experienced work like this 
 Bitch welcome to the serpentine world where I spit 
 The world where I twist, the world that I Rip, the world where I live... 
 (Canibus) 
 Okay Rip, you made your point, I can't out rap you 
 You said you were the illest, I would never doubt that too 
 A lot of these rappers are jealous that's why they attack you 
 They think you're the best that's why they want to battle you 
 At the moment of truth I let you design the tattoos 
 You are the illest alive, that's a fact that you proved 
 Just a couple rappers don't want it to happen for you 
 Ragging on you like battling is all you can do 
 You didn't sell enough units to be honest with you 
 Nobody knows the truth, you've got talent out the gazoo 
 When niggas first heard you it was like 'Man on the Moon' 
 You got dissed by a legend but you damaged him too 
 So what if the ladies think he's more handsome than you? 
 What happens if the rumors about being a faggot are true? 
 Look what it's running into 
 I don't feel like having this discussion with you 
 I'm tired of fucking with you 
 Niggas in the game don't want to do nothing with you 
 Bussin' with you? Going one on one with who? 
 They want to get rid of you, shit is too lyrical 
 Headhunters out to get you, that's why I have to protect you 
 I wouldn't disrespect you as another intellectual 
 Without you I'm unsuccessful, God bless you 
 What makes you think I left you? 
 Or why I would ever be tempted to? 
 Ever since my third album I've been mentioning you 
 I've got your name on my arm, I'm representing you 
 You're Rip the Jacker, I would never question you 
 I respect your opinion as a professional, nigga 
 I just want you to listen to what I'm telling you 
 What happened between L and you, forget it 
 People know you won the battle they won't give you the credit 
 A lot of people don't want to admit it 
 But I consider it a real privilege to bear witness to your lyrics 
 And be involved with sharing the merits, I'm forever indebted 
 I just need you to chill for a second so I can send a positive message 
 Like Tupac before he left us 
 The author of the work ethic Genesis 
 Has inspired me to write the 'Exobus Scripts' as a constant reminder not to forget 'Bis 
 But I've reached a precipice, remember Rip 
 You can't rhyme forever there's always somebody with better shit 
 I keep you out of the public eye for a reason 
 You're a commodity, Rip. Ain't that how you want to keep it? 
 I keep your whereabouts secret 
 I bring bitches to the crib every weekend so why are you beefing? 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Ayo, stop patronizing me, you despise me 
 All you want to do is steal rhymes from me 
 You constantly keep me behind walls of concrete 
 You lock me in the basement like a fucking zombie 
 If I was a priority you would acknowledge me 
 You ain't shit neither, you ain't got no college degree 
 You can't rhyme without me, stop smiling at me 
 Give me the keys to the garage I need to borrow the Jeep 
 Get the fuck out my face 'Bis