(Free - verse one) 
 Your minutemen don't stand a chance inside mi casa 
 Even with viagra disband God no may I say nada 
 I used to be naive and dress fresh when I was small 
 Now I line these niggas up against the wall and grab they balls! 
 I like to hear the tone of their voice when it's high pitch! 
 It's the only way to separate the mens from the bitch! 
 The loyal from the snitch, I dig a ditch when they twitch! 
 Bring 'em to their knees no higher than my hem stitch 
 You trying to verbal me you bound to end up voice lift! 
 You wanna change your plea but now your ass is choiceless 
 I illuminate the atmosphere a million watts strong 
 Before free like bc your night was weeks long 
 You can't stop my shine, my state of being's too sublime 
 Too refined, too ? significant? to be defined 
 I've got a round and automatic for you mortals out of line 
 See I'm your worst nightmare, I'm striking in the daytime! what?! 
 You can't stop the shining 
 You wanna stop the shining? 
 Can't stop the shining 
 You can't stop the shining 
 (Pras - verse two) 
 Hey yo, my subject matters travels in three different states 
 Gas, liquid, solid-decelerate your heart rate 
 I duplicate the sound God makes when he farts in space 
 Make you say (indecipherable) 
 Them cats say I'm wicked 
 The way I just kick it 
 The man for the 150, too scientific 
 For you to come and get it 
 Won't you just quit it? 
 Stop all the gimmick, bust it! 
 Hey yo, peep it! 
 Suck the blood out of you diagnose you an enemic 
 Hundred miles runnin', hundred shots gunnin' 
 Ha I just got your catch, yeah you can keep runnin' 
 The impact of the rush will leave you decapitated 
 None reinstated 
 Your style's been deflated 
 You won't quite make it, dirty cash just invaded -- yeah! 
 I know you prayed for my downfall 
 Curse all you cats whose down with babylon 
 You babylon I'll battle you unto the break of dawn 
 Or better yet till we can identify flying aliens! 
 Well I'll be smooth sailing, all you chameleons 
 Mortal beings, what?! pure earthlings--yeah! 
 Traveling through the bowels of brooklyn blood as a hallogen 
 Standing on flatbush hollering with my hooligans 
 Unify my styles like the Russian and the (indecipherable) 
 I'm platinum plus and you're silver still and... 
 (Canibus - verse three) 
 Yo, my power to weight ratio makes it capable 
 For me to carry hundred thousand pound boast radios 
 Fuckin' with the "can-i", is like stepping on a 
 Live land mine behind enemy lines 
 Military paratroops with camouflage parachutes 
 In flight suits and boots landing on your roof 
 Eliminate the target is the prime objective 
 I create psychic walls harder than cement is 
 Nobody enters, nobody exits 
 I wreck shit with methods, electric like the pentagon's fences 
 MC's with the hype-nitis disease are like crack fiends 
 With the hepatitis b vaccine 
 Navy seal team make a bitch scream 
 Make 'em suck a dick dipped in vaginal cream 
 'Cause you mothafuckas ain't worth the earth that you walk on 
 You ain't worth the paper plates prisoners eat pork on! 
 Mothafuckas! 
 Rip rock part two! yeah-- so what the fuck you wanna do?