This is for the I.M. Culture 
 A poor pauper's offering for the alter 
 The 'C' of Tranquility, I'm a show 'em what I see 
 The 'C' of Tranquility, I'm a show 'em what I see 
 The 'C' of Tranquility, what will it really be? 
 What does the future hold? What do you really see? 
 I see a revolution in the industry 
 That will ignite the rebirth of MCs lyrically 
 The 'C' of Tranquility, what will they really be? 
 What does the future hold? What can you really see? 
 I see the partition of God's religion 
 Become united by our bars and our common visions 
 Been a long time, spittin' long rhymes, but I never left you 
 Always came back bustin' rhymes that were special 
 Back then, I wanted to impress you by addressing the truth 
 Nowadays, I'm just confessing in the booth 
 The Golden Era of Rap will always be apart of me 
 The future talks to me because the present is ignoring me 
 My destiny is calling me, the armory of God is guarding me 
 But all you can see is holographic artistry 
 Rhyme mechanics, like that of a blind pianist 
 The keys are metallic, my fingers are magnets 
 The music is magic, what is this madness? 
 The stanzas are rites of passage, your left brain habits become your baggage 
 The masses become savage, roaming the streets with torn fabrics 
 Creativity is less than average 
 Every baby is born a bastard, so why did you have it!? 
 This question requires no answer, I understand it 
 Through my music, magic, and inoculated interaction 
 Rip the Jacker shows you the future in fragments 
 Through madness my view is expanded 
 Request passage, permission is granted, I'll introduce you to the language of dragons 
 To help balance near impossible trances in the labyrinth of the enchanted 
 Where air quality is unbearably rancid 
 From evil spirits, temperatures frigid 
 I cross wooden bridges over methane rivers, it sounds crazy, but listen 
 Concise lyrics strike down from the heavens 
 A titan like Mike Tyson, Beastmaster with a tiger and pigeon 
 A four finger ring with a eyeball in it for vision 
 'Cause I ain't scared of no 9 foot 11 winged lizards 
 I'm known as the Ripper, my soul was delivered to a wizard 
 For spiritual slave labor in a prison 
 My life is my sentence, so I live it 
 But I studied the physics and understand it, so it's only a visit 
 Combinatrix, anything of this persuasion is considered ageless 
 Beyond the matrix 
 Beyond time displacement of space and spaceships in oasis 
 Beyond the reach of human contemplation 
 The music is layered, not computer generated 
 A human made it to satisfy unusual cravings 
 The mystic in a room with crystal walls and floors 
 Looking into a crystal quartz orb, reciting lyrical law 
 That cause warm feeling sensations precipitating from the finger tips 
 To the arms, to the lips, to the jaws 
 To a gold tongue that spits to the tone of the drum 
 With the oxygen that flows down the throat to the lungs 
 Till every color of my Chakra glows brighter than the Sun 
 YOU and I become WE, WE become ONE 
 And the Clarity of Singularity has begun 
 Between zero point zero and zero point one! [echoes]