Yo, yo... 
 If I had half as many bars in gold 
 As I had in lyrics when I flowed 
 I'd be the richest man on the globe 
 Niggaz want to know is Canibus gold? 
 That's a stupid-ass question motherfucker, is Canada cold? 
 'Bout a thousand degrees lower than liquid nitro is 
 Five thousand degrees hotter than flame throwers 
 I reflect light, bounce off walls and wreck mics 
 Disconnect your windpipe by cuttin' your neck with a knife 
 Rip through, everything from tissues to blood vessels 
 My ninjitsu, kill you with the art of Tenchu 
 I zig zag, zig crushin a kid 
 With G-forces violent enough to crush your ribs 
 Like pilots that fly Russian MIG 
 Comin' to punish you pigs 
 Give a fuck who you is; nigga, Canibus in ya biz 
 From the lowest point in the planet to Mt. Everest 
 I kick the illest shit, spray-paintin my name across the pyramids 
 The rap terrorist, Professor Emeritus 
 Fuck forbidden fruit I was eating pussy in Genesis 
 (Chorus: Panama P.I.) 
 What you got niggaz that's ready to brawl? 
 I'll give you the phone card and the celly to make a call 
 What the fuck why'all bitch niggaz actin' like why'all tuff for? 
 We'll stuff why'all, uppercut why'all, confront why'all 
 On stage we break arms, legs, backs and jaws 
 Enough damage to cancel your tour (Fuck why'all!) 
 (Canibus) 
 Now I said it once and I'll say it a thousand times 
 I got thousands of rhymes, the rechargeable alkaline kind 
 You want to a piece of mind? Fine, we can take it outside 
 Otherwise you're wastin your time, 'cause I'ma shine 
 For the one-triple-9, niggaz gamblin damage they eyes 
 Goin' blind, tryin' to keep up with these lyrical lines 
 The type of nigga you can't flow behind without a dope rhyme 
 You fuck around and get clotheslined till you nosedive 
 We can rhyme fair and square or fair in the sphere 
 Anyplace, anywhere, you niggaz don't have a prayer 
 Cause doomsday is near, faggot niggaz is scared 
 They stand and stare as I appear upon a cushion of air 
 With a long white beard flamin, hot enough to sunburn Satan 
 Hotter than white people takin' vacation 
 Out in Jamaica out in the sun bathin; 
 Sun bakin in gamma ray radiation 
 Till they skin color look cajun 
 Motherfuckers start again to the point 
 Where they faces shrivel up like raisins 
 And they become cancer patients 
 (Canibus) 
 Yo, yo, yo... I manipulate the metaphysical 
 Power to hold my breath for half an hour 
 Continuously breathin outward; you ain't an MC you a coward 
 I make wack rappers lose control of they bladders 
 And piss in they trousers 
 Pink pussy possum niggaz play dead 
 While my heat waves hit, and verbal x-rays evaporate shit 
 Water molecules get transformed to vapors 
 My lyrics turn the Pacific into a dry lakebed 
 Electromagnetic cassettes melt tape decks 
 Niggaz battle in space; tryin' to hold it down 
 But they can't 'cause they weightless 
 Amateur swordsmen gets stabbed through they face mask 
 Trying to escape death 
 A world where the whole globe will contract Ebola 
 From drinkin' spring water darker than Coca-Cola 
 Human with AIDS, computers with Y2K 
 I rock rhymes counter-clockwise until doomsday 
 Fuck why'all, fuck why'all, fuck why'all