(Intro: female news reporter) 
 Also the, hearing from the defence department that they launched 
 Some fifty Tomahawk cruise missiles 
 Not only from ah US ships 
 But also from British submarines in the area; 
 Draft me! I wanna fight for my country 
 Jump in a humvee and murder those monkeys! 
 Draft me! I'm too dedicated to fail 
 Justice must prevail (Justice must prevail!) 
 (Canibus) 
 I want to get drafted 
 I want to see somebody get they ass kicked with standard military tactics 
 Fuck brass knuckles, I'll punch you with brass fists 
 Totally flowing with my emotions in my moment of madness 
 I'll wake up the whole barracks 
 Murder you on your mattress and look at you like, 'What's the matter?' 
 You better go back to your bed before I have to act up 
 You might be the next one to get ripped you Jacker 
 You better not tell the captain 
 I might accidentally shoot you with the Mack-10 in target practice 
 Running through the obstacle course, up and across 
 Over the logs, five more, damn soldier you strong 
 Come on, I want to be agile and docile 
 Break your legs like Popsicle-sticks, put you in the hospital 
 Stand over top of you, put a pillow over your nostrils 
 And just feel so sorrowful 
 It doesn't make me feel powerful, it's just a parable 
 It's just a rhyme really none of this is tangible 
 So don't ask me about it, I won't get angry at you 
 And before I get angry I just won't answer you 
 You better go get in shape and lift some weights, nigga 
 'Cause next time I see you I'ma be an ape nigga 
 Let me find out you still calling out my name 
 I'll crash into your tour bus with a plane 
 Nigga, Draft Me! 
 (??) 
 Fucking with my freedom, leave a muh'fucker bleeding 
 Leave 'em in pain like a infant when he teething 
 It's hunting season, and ya loved ones grieving 
 'Cause I never back up (no sir) I never back down 
 Ask Brown (Ha!) From the bell to the last round 
 Face down, dick in the dirt, hit them where it hurt 
 Make the enemy my little bitch in a skirt 
 'Cause when it rained it poured, this ain't a game it's war 
 One goal, one aim son, same as yours 
 A lot of pain to endure, terrain to explore 
 And I'ma hold my weapon right 'cause I was trained in the Corp 
 You don't want no trouble, whole city reduced to rubble 
 And we gonna make it happen, quick, fast, and on the double 
 Draft me! 
 (??) 
 So y'all best go get y'all shuffles! 
 (Draft me) The situation's getting ugly 
 So who better butt me and put to sleep the enemy 
 Draft me, pass me the M-16 
 Give me a buzz cut, ask me if I give a fuck 
 I'm coming out blasting, military four-fashion 
 Twelve close casting for weapons of mass-distraction 
 Outlasting all the privates in my company 
 Fighting for my family and the cats that grew up with me 
 My Band of Brothers rarely just smother the enemy 
 Razor blades cut ya face and leave a scar so you remember me 
 Lurking to leave y'all with bloody red turbans 
 Screaming, "Jihad" while y'all pray to a false god 
 We ready for all out war, it's time to settle the score 
 Grab a .44 and dump into nigga's door 
 Draft me, you ain't even gotta ask me, I'm ready 
 With the Rambo machete, using tactics that's deadly 
 Draft me, I swear to God we ready for the Taliban 
 Drop the bomb and huddle with some nuclear laws, come on! 
 (Canibus as Stan) 
 Truthfully, I wouldn't want to go to war if they asked me 
 I'd rather puff hashish and talk about Haile Selassie 
 I was just saying to Canibus last week 
 I heard a record called 'Channel Zero' that was mad deep 
 When I'm overseas I can't eat the food is nasty 
 'Bis has a seafood fancy, I'm allergic to crab meat 
 Go ahead Draft Me, you all are my new family 
 I have a good time waving gats at them Arab sheiks 
 If I get hit one of the team will carry me 
 So go ahead Draft Me. go ahead Draft Me 
 (Outro: George W. Bush) 
 The only way to pursue peace is to pursue those whothreaten it 
 We did not ask for this mission, but we will fulfil it...