(Bis) Yo Rip, come here man, lemme talk to you for a second 
 (Rip) What the fuck you want to talk about nigga? 
 (Bis) Why You screaming man? 
 (Rip) I'm The Illest! I'm the illest 
 (Bis) Yo Relax put that down man 
 (Rip) Yo don't tell me to relax I'll beat your skinny little ass 
 (Bis) Yo What the fuck is wrong with you? 
 (Rip) Fuck You! 
 (Canibus) 
 Yo Rip, come here man, let me talk to you for a second 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 What the fuck you want to talk about nigga? 
 (Canibus) 
 Why you screaming man? 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 I'm The Illest, I'm the illest 
 (Canibus) 
 Relax, put that down man 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Yo, don't tell me to relax, I'll beat your skinny little ass, nigga 
 (Canibus) 
 Yo, what the fuck is wrong with you? 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Fuck You 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 You fucking hate me, you tried to lock me in the basement 
 And you still want me to protect you, it doesn't make sense 
 Can-I-Bitch, I supported you like a weight bench 
 Without me your defenseless, you better face it 
 You ain't show me love when you was at your apex 
 Getting paychecks, up at the radio with DMX and Flex 
 Catching wreck while Noreaga was catching his breath 
 I had to keep the situation in check 
 Look at the varicose veins in my neck, Germaine is the best 
 The industry fucked you? I'm just paying them back 
 What's the matter with slaying these Jackers? That's all I been doing 
 Besides talking shit, I ain't done nothing to them 
 They just mad 'cause when I see them, I don't run up to them 
 Between me and you, you know I'll run right through them 
 (Canibus) 
 Calm Down 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Who you telling to calm down nigga I'm a Ripper remember 
 I told you not to do Gone Till November 
 But you wouldn't listen, I always had your best interest in mind 
 I wrote all your best lyrical lines 
 If it wasn't for me, you'd be writing pitiful rhymes 
 On the stage if you was tired I would spit them sometimes 
 Nobody knew you bit off my rhymes 
 I would just be quiet, stand to the side and let the shit ride 
 But I'm getting tired of having to remind you 'Bis 
 If it wasn't for me nobody would've signed you 'Bis 
 (Canibus) 
 C'mon Rip, you a lying ass bitch and you know it 
 Group Home was part my company; I co-owned it 
 If there's one thing I learned in showbiz, stay focused 
 And don't quit. Rip, why you talking 'bout old shit? 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Germaine, you fucking water brain, don't you understand? 
 Fuck the mainstream, you should just call out names 
 The industry's all about game 
 I shit on them all the same, and leave spit stains on they brain 
 Like liquid chocolate spilling all over they new white trainers 
 Insane is an understatement; I'm Satan 
 Canibus is a Mason; I don't know what the fuck Germaine is 
 I just know that both y'all are trying my patience 
 I don't give a fuck about a beat I been rhyming for ages 
 Rippers are dangerous, and all Jackers are afraid of us 
 You want to face me 'Bis? Kick a rhyme 
 (Canibus) 
 No, that's ridiculous 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Aiight then, listen to mine 
 I'll jump into costume, impromptu, just to rob you 
 Put the nozzle to your eyeball and tell you what not to do 
 Rip your tonsils out through your nostrils 
 Bury you next to shark fossils, make it impossible to find you 
 Depths that Jacque Cousteau himself wouldn't dare to dive to 
 With goggles, oxygen bottles and Doppler Effect modules 
 Lock you in a time capsule and smash the console 
 Shit on you in reverse suck you into a brown hole 
 Suck the power out of your soul 
 Your nothing but a coward in a cold freezing with an hour to go 
 Watching my Casio stopwatch, counting it slow 
 Like drug lords checking to see if it's talcum or coke 
 I could kill you by drowning the globe 
 Or I could just spit inside of a hole and put an ounce in your throat 
 In battles I'm a thousand and oh, I silenced the Pope 
 Do you know how many rhymes I've economically grossed? 
 No? I thought so, neither do I 
 It's a dick between your mothers thighs divided by PIE 
 I'm the sickest linguistically illicit lyrical misfit in the business 
 And possibly in existence, what's your consensus? 
 Studied my own syntax statistics since ninety-six wit C.P.A. certified assistants 
 I've made the decision that my standards are above precision 
 The only thing I could honestly say I love more than women are dope writtens 
 If it ain't dope then don't spit it 
 Don't be sensitive and get on the defensive just practice your penmanship 
 If you can't spit at high temperatures then just quit 
 Be careful of the tongue, it tends to bend to the left 
 According to the manufacturer's specs, you'll make a mess 
 Rupture the blood vessels in your neck fucking with Rip 
 Got millions of blueprints on zip disks 
 Stock versions of sick verses that come with conversions kits 
 With a course every Thursday that teaches you how to burst like Rip 
 You never experienced work like this, nigga welcome to the serpentine world where I twist 
 The world where that I Rip, the world that I fixed, the world where I live 
 (Canibus) 
 O.K. Rip, you made your point, I can't out rap you 
 You said you was the illest, I would never doubt that too 
 At the moment of truth I let you design the tattoos 
 You are the illest alive, that's a fact that you've proved 
 It's just a couple rappers that don't want it to happen for you 
 Ragging on you like battling is all you can do 
 You didn't sell enough units to be honest with you 
 Nobody knows the truth you got talent out the gazu 
 When niggas first heard of you it was like a man on the moon 
 You got dissed by a legend, but you damaged him too 
 So what if the ladies think he's more handsome than you? 
 What happens if the rumors about being a faggot are true? 
 Look what it's running into, I don't feel like having this discussion with you 
 I'm tired of fucking with you, niggas in the game don't wanna' do nothing with you 
 Busting with you? Going one on one with whom? 
 They wanna get rid of you, your shit is too lyrical 
 Headhunters out to get you, that's why I have to protect you 
 I wouldn't disrespect you, as another intellectual 
 Without you I'm unsuccessful, God bless you 
 What makes you think I left you or why I'd ever be tempted to? 
 Ever since the third album I been mentioning you 
 I got your name on my arm I'm representing you 
 You're Rip the Jacker, I would never question you 
 I respect your opinion as a professional, nigga 
 I just want you to listen to what I'm telling you 
 What happened between L and you? Forget it 
 People know you won the battle, they won't give you the credit 
 A lot of people don't wanna admit it 
 But I consider it a real privilege to bear witness to your lyrics 
 And be involved with sharing the merits, I'm forever indebted 
 I just need you to chill for a second, so I can send a positive message 
 Like Tupac before he left us, the author or the work ethic Genesis 
 Has inspired me to write the Exobus scripts as a constant reminder not to forget 'Bis 
 But I've reached a precipice, remember Rip 
 You can't rhyme forever, there's always a ripper with better shit 
 I keep you out the public eye for a reason 
 You're a commodity Rip, ain't that how you wanna' keep it? 
 I keep your whereabouts secret 
 I bring bitches to the crib every weekend, so why is you beefing? 
 (Rip the Jacker) 
 Stop patronizing me, you despise me 
 All you wanna' do is steal rhymes from me 
 You constantly keep me behind wall of concrete 
 Lock me in the basement like a fucking zombie 
 If I was priority you would acknowledge me 
 You ain't shit neither you ain't got no college degree 
 You can't rhyme without me, stop smiling at me 
 Give me the keys to the garage I need to borrow the Jeep 
 Get the fuck out my face nigga