Yo whattup Pakman 
 (Aiyo whattup Bis, I'm waiting for the Rip Off man) 
 Yo I just wanna know one thing (What's that?) 
 You ready to get that dough (No doubt) 
 Aight! 
 (Chorus: Canibus + Pakman) 
 We be the Rippers that'll bring it to Wack Shady 
 After we fry you we puff a blunt and then it's gravy 
 And you can keep her 'cause we don't care about your lady 
 IIIII Gotta Get That Doe! 
 (Canibus) 
 There's only just a handful of rap critics 
 That ever had a close encounter with this rap wizard 
 You wack rappers can't rip it 
 In other words your lyrics are too primitive 
 You need to be more descriptive 
 Look at the way I flipped it 
 A True Hollywood Story 
 I manipulated this miserable music business 
 Then I caked off too by going independent 
 How much you make an album? About ten cents 
 I make about ten cents every sentence 
 It's my third album and I'm working on my tenth Benz 
 I don't brag I keep it modest, I ain't hot, I'm the hottest 
 I'm not being pompous, I went through a process 
 I used to be a profit, now I make profits 
 You sound like garbage 
 One of these days you're going to end up jobless 
 Pushing a shopping cart with the same Crystal bottles 
 You was drinking out of when shit was popping 
 I seen an episode on VH1 documents 
 They talked about your drug addiction and what was behind it 
 The bottom line is how much you sold 
 No one gives a fuck if you flow 
 You Gotta Get That Doe 
 I'm tired of niggas talking about it 
 But I can't live without it 
 I'm stuck if I ain't got it so what's the logic? 
 Should I talk about material objects 
 And get on some, 'How you like me now bitch? 
 Wearing a shiny outfit? 
 *Nah 'Bis, don't do that. It's wrong!* 
 Yeah, I know, I know 
 But no matter what I do I'mma Get That Doe!, for sho'! 
 (Pakman) 
 When I get at you niggaz, ain't nothing personal I gotta 
 Everything you spit, I'm predicting it's double copper 
 You the type of nigga to force a nigga to rock ya 
 Always got yourself up in the middle of the drama 
 Fronting for nothing 'cause your niggaz told me you pussy 
 Need to get smarter and try to holler at the rookies 
 Fuck with Canibus and Pak and get that ass a coffin 
 FUCK what you thinking faggot, we rippin niggaz open 
 Now is a new day and we be focused on the paper 
 Still'll get in you but the feeling for dough is greater 
 Piling with hate and you need to holler at the maker 
 If you don't do it now, then you gotta face it later 
 Don't even think about tryna dim a nigga shining 
 You gon' fuck around and get slapped up with the iron 
 Everything we do is connected with getting paper 
 And you ain't talk about it, so nigga I'll see you later 
 (Canibus) 
 If you now where you're coming from you now where you're going 
 I wouldn't doubt myself, not even for a moment 
 I'm proud of my music 'cause it's dope and I wrote it 
 'True Hollywood Stories' opens in October 
 Directed by none other that Canibus Ford Coppola 
 There's no stopping me, my commodity is growing 
 I'll fly anywhere on this planet to promote it 
 Maybe I should come out with my own line of clothing 
 I printed up some Canibus shirts and I sold them 
 I jump on stage and I prove I'm a showman 
 Can-I-Bus is a microphone omen 
 I slam it when I'm done and make sure that it's broken 
 The industry's sick man, I'm already knowing 
 Never had the luxury to choose, I was chosen 
 Where I come from opportunity is golden 
 Platinum? I already sold it. No Shit!