(Canibus) 
 Why you got so much hatred? 
 Why don't you want me to make it? 
 What are you afraid of? 
 You treat me like I'm not a member of the rap game club 
 Yo, I sold a million records too, I don't get the same love 
 It's strange because 
 The majors already drained my pockets and now they want to drain my blood 
 Do you have any idea of what I did to get here? 
 Do you? You can smell the hatred in the atmosphere 
 This record is proof that I made it 
 'Cause you're listening to it right now and it's on an independent label 
 You like Canibus? Yeah right, if you say so 
 Talk to Louis Lombard he'll put you on the payroll 
 When you see me on the street now I probably really glow 
 Nothing like some of these wack rappers that are really broke 
 I can laugh at a meaningless joke 
 But I got a daughter to feed, don't hate me 'cause I'm competing bro' 
 I'm doing it all by myself 
 And as long as I'm on the shelf I'ma always have wealth 
 This is what motivated microphone fiends do 
 And it's okay if you hate me 'cause I hate you too 
 Is the reason why you keep calling my name out of the blue, 
 If it's because you hate me, then I hate you too 
 We heard it through the Grapevine and now we know it's true 
 Just tell me that you hate me, I'll say I hate you too 
 Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out you was hating on us! 
 Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out you was hating on us! 
 (Repeat 1st part of Hook) 
 (Pakman) 
 I hate your style, when I see you I wanna earl 
 I should do something real foul, like get at your girl 
 Make your heart throb, take a hooptie and smash your parked car 
 Run up in your favourite night club, get you barred (Fuck outta here!) 
 Why you like to hate stars? Why you talking in riddles? 
 Me losing is the only way to get you to giggle 
 You pitiful motherfucker, you gon' stay in the gutter 
 I can see you at 33 and still be living with your mother 
 I'm sick of you clowns running around, hating on Rippers 
 You see me in the street, act like your mouth got a zipper 
 Aiyo don't say a word faggot 'cause it's already proven 
 Keep it moving, you ain't fucking up this new shit I'm doin' 
 I'm trying to keep a space between me and you, like gapped teeth 
 To avoid catching cases for letting the gat speak 
 I ain't never got a problem to meet on a backstreet 
 In a black hoodie, new mac-milli, now act silly 
 You can hate me forever, I'ma always be making moves 
 Don't be mad 'cause I'm a leader, a Ripper that breaks rules 
 It's a shame what hate's making individuals do 
 Don't forget the bottom line is that I hate you too 
 Is the reason why you keep calling my name out of the blue, 
 If it's because you hate me, then I hate you too 
 We heard it through the Grapevine and now we know it's true 
 Just tell me that you hate me, I'll say I hate you too 
 Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out you was hating on us! 
 Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out you was hating on us! 
 (Repeat 1st part of Hook)