(Female) 
 Oh Germaine, can you please tell me one of your 
 Hollywood Stories? 
 Ooh... ah... exciete merjemon 
 When it's hot it's hot, when it's hot it's hot (I'm so hot tonight) 
 When it's hot it's hot, when it's hot it's hot (So hot) 
 When it's hot it's hot, when it's hot it's hot (Caliente) 
 When it's hot it's hot, when it's hot it's hot (I'm so hot tonight) 
 (Canibus) 
 Come here girl, give me a kiss 
 Tell the truth, you know you like hanging with Can-I-Bis 
 I know you can't commit but at least try a sample 
 Who knows, I might be too much man to handle 
 If I'm attracted to you, I'ma make a long pass at you 
 Come after you and capture you 
 Put a platinum GPS bangle around your ankle 
 To keep track of you in case I decide to marry you 
 We can be friends till death do us part 
 Kiss your left breast 'cause it's next to your heart 
 Don't be a mermaid, open up your legs 
 If you can't spread-eagle, just give me some head 
 Whatever the outcome, I just want to cum 
 Beat it up real good, bust one and run 
 I believe in abstinence just not tonight 
 I can't help myself you look Hott Tonight 
 Yeah 
 (Female singer and Canibus) 
 Chupa chupa, boca chula 
 Whatchu gon' do when I walk up to ya? 
 Chupa chupa, boca chula 
 Whatchu gon' do when I walk up to ya? 
 Chupa chupa, boca chula 
 Whatchu gon' do when I walk up to ya? 
 Chupa chupa, boca chula 
 Whatchu gon' do when I walk up to ya? 
 (Canibus) 
 Wild on C with Burke Brooke in the Ibiza 
 Steaming like I'm dreaming on the couch with my feet up 
 I'm not a playboy I'm a hustler, wait till I touch her 
 I'ma do something to get you burning for my Bunsen 
 Clitoris rubbing, sperm pumping, nerve numbing, humping in public 
 The whole world could probably hear you cumming 
 The way I grab your pumpkin, caress your dumplings 
 You ain't never leaving me girl so stop fronting 
 You never wanted a 'Yes man' you wanted an Arabesque man 
 With biceps and a chest implant 
 Not a skeleton with hardly any skin 
 I know it's irrelevant but his penis is probably very thin 
 I'm hung like the trunk of an elephant 
 Or the trunk of the tree the serpent wrapped around in Genesis 
 With the same devilish malevolence 
 Tryna get you to bite into the fruit I injected with sedatives 
 How many orgasms have you had already? 
 Let's have a shag-a-thon, tell me when you pass twenty 
 When I introduce you to Grand Marnier act friendly 
 She'll get envious if I ever rub your ass gently 
 Tonight I'm being a pimp baby not an emcee 
 Invite a couple of friends, I'll reserve ten seats 
 After we eat we can check a couple of spots tonight 
 Give me kiss, you look Hott Tonight 
 Ooh... papi... 
 Ooh... caliente... 
 Ooh...