(Skit first 30 seconds of song, speaking over "Rip Rock" instrumental) 
 Yo whassup, wassup son? 
 (Oh are y'all ready? Y'all ready?) 
 Yeah yeah yeah we ready 
 Whassup, whassup son? 
 Whassup, what's the deal? 
 Yeah yeah 
 Yeah, aight, so... so all we gotta do 
 Is do the shit we've been workin on 
 Word 
 When we add this new, Canibus nigga, yaknowhatI'msayin 
 {Yeah, yeah} 
 Niggaz gonna feel that nigga 
 Oh, that's the old to the new! The old to the new! 
 (Yo, that's gon' bring us back, that's gon' bring us back) 
 That's gonna bring us back 
 (Yeah that's gon' blow) 
 Aight? So let's... so let's work on this shit {*clears throat*} 
 Y'all ready? Two times, from the top 
 {*Goes into an old school style rap*} 
 I hold the mic (Yeah) real tight (Yeah) 
 And yo grab the mic and make the shit sound tight 
 Hold the mic (Yeah) real tight (Yeah) 
 And yo, grab the mic and make the shit sound tight 
 Chorus: Jenny Fujita 
 The hype... nitis... is in... your eyes 
 That look... that smile... in disguise {echoes} 
 (Canibus) 
 Aiyyo, can you feel it? 
 I know that everybody's heard of that (The Vapors!) 
 But this is the ninety-eight version of that 
 BizMark, one of the founders of this art 
 Discovered evidence, of the disease, and documented it 
 Now the name of the virus is called 'Hype-Nitis' 
 A terminal condition that effects all biters and liars 
 Hype-no-holics can't require my respect 
 'Cause they snakes and I can smell the venom on they breath 
 Hype-Nitis 
 (Canibus) 
 All right now, I'm about to break the Hype-Nitis down 
 It's characterized by a certain type of lifestyle 
 People that treated you foul just wanna be nice now 
 Smile and raise they eyebrows when you come around 
 I remember when I first started to work 
 And tried to get this job as a label intern 
 Them niggaz was, killing me, cause wasn't nobody feeling me 
 A&R's wouldn't even risk demo-dealing me 
 {Speaking over chorus} 
 Can you believe that shit? That's how it was back then 
 (Canibus) 
 Aiyyo, I know 
 Most the niggaz I exchange pounds with or lounge with 
 Wouldn't be around if my career was spiralling downward 
 They'd crowd around me till I'm surrounded 
 Ask me who I'm down with, till I replied, "The Navy Seals outfit" 
 They told me my album was coconuts so they rewound it 
 I knew they was hype-no-holics by how they voices sounded 
 I pull a silver can out of my trousers 
 Made a public announcement, about the Hype juice 
 And then I bounced kid {echoes} 
 (Canibus) 
 To me hype-Nitis is like the measles, 'cause it's a disease too 
 Studies show it affects one in every five people 
 It's so lethal, the cure can't be achieved through 
 Hypodermic needles or the ingestion of medicine in teaspoons 
 If you feel the need to, here's a toll-free number 
 They'll send you an eight page pamphlet to read through 
 (800)-7932, there'll be available hype-no-holics 
 Standing by for you to speak to {echoes} 
 (Jenny Fujita) 
 The hype...