I gotcha! 
 Uh-huh, huh! You thought I didn't see ya now didn't ya? Uh 
 Uh-huh, huh! You tried to sneak by me now didn't ya? Hehehe 
 Uh-huh, huh! Now gimme what'cha promised me 
 Give it here, c'mon! 
 (Canibus) 
 Yeah, yeah 
 Yeah, uh, you know it's all terrific 
 Know it's... yo 
 (Open/Close) 
 I just wanna see you pump yo' fists 
 I don't wanna hear y'all talk no shit 
 I just wanna get on stage and show the gift 
 Show the gift... 
 (Chorus One) 
 I'm the type of nigga that'll click-click ride wit'cha 
 The type of nigga that'll smoke that lah wit'cha 
 The type of nigga that'll bust that nine at'cha 
 Spit that line at'cha, hit that fi-i-yah 
 (Canibus) 
 Yo, what up god? No luck? Aww 
 You can't sell crack on the block no more 
 'Cause I pulled up, parked, rolled up, sparked 
 Dogs bark. Oh shit! Narcs! 
 I Jackie Chan up the wall and sit in the dark 
 Or go running for a jog while I spit in the park 
 My jigsaw still hard, the metaphors remain sharp 
 Give you sharp pains through your brain if you slang-box 
 Me and you in the sandbox with our hands locked 
 Get the same shit your man with the broken hand got 
 I bang glock, I've been hot 
 Cock bang Mi Ling from Bangkok for ten baht 
 My broad with the fat ass can sit up front 
 Your broad that look like trash can sit in the trunk 
 I'm gonna fuck till I break off chunks 
 Break off a big chunk of skunk and take off with a blunt 
 Hit the studio, sometimes I work all day 
 Still change my voice-box oil every 3k 
 Step to the stage, throw a sign to the Deejay 
 Everybody screaming out, "Do what the weed say!" 
 (Chorus One) 
 (Chorus Two) 
 The type of nigga that'll set up shop wit'cha 
 The type of nigga that'll pace the block wit'cha 
 The type of nigga that'll pass the block to ya 
 Stash the rock for ya, nigga I gotcha 
 (DMP) 
 (This is!) The ghetto-ass shit for you baby 
 The hood love it, so I gotta give it to them daily 
 I'm on the block, like Olajuwon and Ewing 
 I'm a pimp bitch, by the way, how ya momma doin'? 
 Like Rakim Allah, I'm a "Microphone Fiend" 
 The fuckin' "Last Dragon" like Leroy Green 
 That Mausberg kicks, rearrange your spleen 
 Now you on part of the Handicapped, Olympic Team 
 I got a deadly disease without a vaccine 
 It's called {"Get the fuck outta my face before I let this Eagle scream!"} 
 You runnin' game, all I'm sayin' is where your fuckin' team? 
 This that dope, somebody {??} and let the lyrics fiend 
 I'm livin' dreams from a stroke of the pen to get the cream 
 You garbage, I turn the channel when you come on the screen 
 Flow so pure, 'cause I'm fuckin' with raw 
 Suited up, booted up, and I'm ready for war 
 Yo 'Bis, let's get it live, grab the tec-9, what else? 
 (Canibus) 
 The glock-nine and the double-action forty-five 
 Bend your mental from the beginning to the end 
 Is connected to the beginning like infinity symbols 
 I keep it simple, don't want to offend you 
 Cause niggas don't understand what they ain't into 
 Misunderstanding is still a form of understanding 
 But y'all niggas don't hear me though 
 (Chorus One) + (Chorus Two) 
 (Open/Close)