(Slick Rick) 
 Check, check, check, check 
 Check, check... * Slick Rick starts humming a snake charmer song * 
 Yeah... 
 They say... that Rick Rick is... 
 You're all garbage, that type talk I'm on 
 Dumb one becomin glad the great one walks among 
 Whisperin, couple I scuffle eye 
 You little feedback niggaz don't want any trouble 
 Rick'll own clout, sewn bout 
 Lick a throw now, how till death I kick a bone out 
 Why pursue for folk object? 
 My record will be barkin all through your broke project 
 ?? Yes my dog art, best to park her, kark her ?? 
 You don't want death to walk her 
 Not sayin' that -- ain't nuttin could do me 
 But in the rap game, all secondary to me 
 Whoa, whatever I settle 
 If a nigga wanna eat he better never cry battle 
 Hell yeah, ram the one sell fare elsewhere 
 Put you and your family on welfare 
 Chorus: Canibus 
 (Ricky D!) Rip it up, your watery blood 
 Ain't thick enough, yo wack niggaz ain't slick enough 
 Ready and willin' to face you, death awaits you 
 The king piece in the chess game, to checkmate you 
 (Slick Rick) 
 Ooh, twist shot bitch, ?? voter ignores ?? 
 Watch toys duck, consider rap's ultimate voicebox 
 Devour, and addressin dem coward 
 How can one man possess so much power? 
 Rhyme tearin through, bash all trifle 
 The eyes and spare a few assholes lives 
 This object -- brothers are glued to knob lick 
 'Scuse me, if I'm bein overly rude to public 
 The favorite -- make you fall in love, make whoever with 
 Clever kid, make you do the best steps you ever did 
 The trick is, managin to kick it 
 It's no such thing as challenging the Slickest 
 It's double-or-sure shot, crumble before spot 
 (I know) Must be humble before God 
 Ringing, cat must fear king-ing 
 Party over here, type atmosphere spinning 
 (Slick Rick) 
 Ooh, I toy your cheddar top-netter 
 You find me a human being, boy or girl bet-ter 
 It's short son -- nurse and them soundkick bark on 
 Stop talk, stop worshipin the ground Rick walk on 
 Bitch play number one bougie 
 Wish they could give motherfucker some pussy 
 Seen the face of supreme in tasteness 
 Never see another human being this greatness 
 Successful, and the hype is effectful and 
 Sorry God if bein any type disrespectful and 
 Hip-hop, assume pop's acquitted 
 Now with tick-tock, you don't stop, hit it! 
 Command Rick, shower the firmament 
 Earnin it, tremendous power is permanent 
 Unless frame interest dame 
 Let's name who the king piece in the chess game 
 (Canibus) 
 Yo, we can battle in front of the castle, I'll disgrace you 
 I roast you, I burn you, I bake you 
 I cremate you -- I motherfuckin hate you! 
 The king piece in the chess game'll check mate you, nigga! 
 Ricky D y'all...