(Blood spillin in the streets!) The what? 
 (Blood spillin in the streets!) 
 (Blood spillin in the streets!) The what? 
 (Blood spillin in the streets!) 
 (Journalist) 
 Yo, With two precise niggas, holding the right biscuits 
 There'll be a lot cats leaking out their life liquid 
 Niggaz who acting hard this ain't Columbia Pictures 
 When we throw two in your ass while you huggin on your mistress 
 From Philly, with cats quick to mute you at 
 Cuckoo cats, twist back your Fubu cap 
 Crucial, black, two chicks to screw you at 
 Then they shove a poolstick where you doodoo at 
 While you checking on your pagers, weapons in your faces 
 Shot blazing, cops section off the pavement 
 Hopping out with gauges, prepare for the occasion 
 We throw about eight in, the house that you was raised in 
 Mouthing off, faking will make you a ?mouth? patient 
 Aching, with your arms in a alcohol basin 
 And while your brain's aching, I'ma have your dame slaving 
 Cocaine and apron, over a flame baking 
 (Journalist) Niggas take it for granted - 
 Until they layin dead on the granite 
 (Canibus) Innocent bystanders gett shot by standard 
 (Journalist) Y'all better duck when you hear the cannon 
 (Both) Or y'all be checkin' for leaks - 
 Niggas'll have your blood spillin in the street 
 (Journalist) Niggas take it for granted - 
 Until they laying dead on the granite 
 (Canibus) Innocent bystanders getting shot by standard 
 (Journalist) Y'all shoulda ducked when y'all heard the cannon - 
 Now you laying deceased 
 (Both) Niggas'll leave your blood spilling in the street 
 (Canibus) 
 Can you feel it? Nothing can save ya 
 'Cause this is the season of infra-red laser 
 And since I got time, what I'm going to do 
 Is show you how you can get spotted by one too 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck, I just cock back and bust 
 With more arms than an octopus, as if one gun wasn't enough 
 I fuck around and pull eight out 
 Blast your face off, or blow your brains out, nigga I leave you laid out 
 Then I pull the gat in my waist out 
 Put it in your mouth and keep squeezing till the whole clip is sprayed out 
 Take the gun in my ankle-brace out 
 Shoot you in the stomach till I see the last meal you ate drain out 
 Your face looks spaced out, I gut you like a trout 
 Scream my name out, while I'm scrapping your ribcage out 
 Squeeze with the index, spray like a bottle of Windex 
 Bullets buzzing by your head like insects 
 From your head to your mid-sec 
 And I ain't even shoot you in your legs, or your limbs, or your dick yet 
 Your masculinity is questionable; you probably a homosexual 
 Just the thought of having a woman laid next to you probably threatens you 
 You probably look at grapes and see testicles 
 You probable fantasize about vegetables like cucumbers and bananas having sex with you 
 And you probably let gerbils crawl up your rectum too 
 Shame on you, I defecate on you and simultaneously urinate on you 
 Pour some acid-rain on you 
 I stop your heartbeat with heat 
 You weak, nigga, I leave your blood spilling in the streets 
 (Verse 3 - Canibus + 
 Journalist 
 ) 
 Aiyo Journalist what you working with? 
 Old school burners with 
 Barrels big enough for you head to fit in the circle shit 
 What you holding Canibus? 
 30 bulllet banana clips 
 Just to handle a kick I gotta glue it to my hands and shit 
 We got permits to murder shit 
 We critically injure niggas who deserve the shit, put 'em in a tourniquet 
 Bomb proof Suburbans with track to tread size? 
 So we can ride through the dirt with it 
 , Drive over curbs with it 
 Murken it, even over slippery surfaces, we can swerve in it 
 And crash into niggas who don't insert their shit 
 Try stopping it dudes, you gotta be bruised 
 Cocking the tools and knock you out your socks and your shoes 
 We'll leave you shoeless and keep shooting 
 Look how much life liquid you losing, you need a blood transfusion 
 In the back of a medic truck, shots in your neck and gut 
 While we holding our weapons up, I'm still repping Philly, what? 
 (Blood spillin in the streets!) The what? 
 (Blood spillin in the streets!) 
 (Blood spillin in the streets!) The what? 
 (Blood spillin in the streets!) 
 ... The what? ... The what? ...