There's a reason why you keep calling my name out of the blue 
 If it's because you love me then I love you too 
 We heard it through the grapevine and now we know it's true 
 Just tell me that you love me I'll say I love you too 
 (Canibus) 
 I love my life, I love my wife 
 I love my daughter and I love my mic 
 If you love me, I love you, I'm humble 
 I won't do things to bug you and start trouble 
 If you want an autograph, I'ma sign it 
 I don't care if the plane's leaving and I get left behind it 
 I'm not that simple minded 
 If I had the time to spare I'd probably type it 
 Or get Stan to write it 
 You don't shower Canibus with kindness 'cause he's the nicest 
 You do it 'cause you genuinely like him 
 Sure I'll talk to you in private 
 You might get backstage tickets or ice cream for your politeness 
 Shake my hand if you like 'Bis 
 But you can give me a hug if you've got love, try it 
 Extend your arms around me then bend your arms 
 Spread the love, a virus created by God 
 I'm really speaking from the heart 'cause I'm touched by you 
 And I'm glad you love me 'cause I Luv U 2 
 Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out that you got love for us! 
 Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out that you got love for us! 
 (Pakman) 
 Yeah I know you got love, when you see me you wanna hug me 
 All excited, hopping around like the Easter Bunny 
 I'm like a puppy, all I wanna do is lay down and cuddle 
 That's why I'm happy that you could finally say that I love you 
 Nothing wrong with showing feelings to me, 'cause I'ma G 
 And so I can tell you overwhelmed by the way that you breathing 
 Know you ran up here to see me, wishing that you could be me 
 Calling people at home while they watching me on the TV 
 I'm a household name, with the power to spit flames 
 Then I flip and give the children something they can get with 
 You love me, then why you got that look in ya eye? 
 Why every single time you see me you be acting surprised? 
 No it ain't all for nothing something got to be something 
 And I ain't giving you no paper, so you got to be fronting 
 What was you doing at ten shows I tore down overseas 
 And it's funny how you was at the album signing in Queens 
 Ain't hard to tell you loving anything connected with Pak 
 And once I recognize I be the type to give it back 
 Don't try to fool me, been doing this, I'm no dummy 
 On a mission to get it, and I'm winning, you gotta love me! 
 Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out that you got love for us! 
 Ah-ha, ah-ha! We found out that you got love for us!