(Canibus) 
 I make your bitch crew shit stools, I put a pistol 
 In your mouth and pull, then I feed you to the Pit Bulls 
 Don't even talk about guns 
 The only 9 you got, is a five dollar bill and four ones 
 So I don't give a fuck what none of y'all niggers say 
 'Cause anything that can't penetrate ricochets 
 Rhyming with me on the record? 
 You might as well had died and went to Hell instead of Heaven 
 'Cause my rhyme weapon is like a medieval torture method 
 Your four limbs tied to four horses, all pulling in different directions 
 In this profession I get busy without a question 
 Seeing me is like seeing a vampires reflection 
 Fast or slow flows connect like electrodes 
 I make cassette tape decks blow when I'm in wreck-mode 
 Explode leaving areas abandoned 
 With more radiation behind than spots UFOs land in 
 (Chorus: Canibus (Pras) {Free}) 
 (Is that all soldier?) Yes, sir! 
 (Is there anything you need?) No, sir! 
 (Report back to me before debriefing. At ease!) 
 Are you a Navy Seal? {Yes, sir!} 
 Then say it like you mean it! 
 Tell them who Free from the Navy Seal Team is! 
 (Free) 
 Free be the one rocking shit, special operatives 
 Specializing in weapon diagnostics 
 My survival tactics be drastic like Rambo 
 I'm strangling niggers with my bow and arrow elastic 
 Whoever said you couldn't be five feet and thoroughbred 
 Never witnessed the cerebral cortex in my head 
 How many gigabytes does your hard drive hold? 
 Or does your hard drive fold once the signal hits the node? 
 Beyond mission control the theory behind your thought 
 Marie Antoinette behead me, I still rock 
 While you choke and suffocating off your own testosterone 
 I'm known for breaking levels down to valiums unknown 
 A specimen with extraterrestrial oestrogen 
 Kick your intestines in, sell your testicles to Mexicans 
 I bring the force like a nutcracker 
 Annihilate rhyme hackers, Navy Seal linebacker 
 The last Oedipus remains, unclaimed 
 So if you buck against Free you better tattoo your name 
 On your teeth, I disintegrate those that oppose 
 Disintegrate hoes with they assholes in they nose 
 I suppose you wanna run your mouth like a castagnette 
 I put bitch niggers to rest in the bitch bassinet 
 (Chorus: Canibus (Free) 
 Is that all soldier? (Yes, sir!) 
 Is there anything you need? (No, sir!) 
 Report back to me before debriefing. At ease! 
 Are you a patriot? (Sir, yes sir!) 
 Then say it like you mean it! 
 Tell them who Canibus from the Navy Seal Team is! 
 (Canibus) 
 I'm the meanest motherfucker on this whole Navy Seal team 
 And I can kill anything if it bleeds or breathes 
 Calling all bitch-ass niggas and bitch-ass bitches 
 I got a Howitzer bigger than any Four-Fifth is 
 Rapping is a raw business, but as an individual 
 I'm as different as anybody's fingerprint is 
 If boring is the norm, I'm the antonym 
 Put me in the same category you would put Marilyn Manson in 
 Bugging like a satanic evangelist 
 Jogging butt naked down Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles 
 Every MC in your crew will get ruined or wounded 
 You talk the bullshit and be too scared to do shit 
 I'm the type of nigga that'll prove it, produce shit 
 Spent so much time in the studio I had to move in 
 A soldier, who practices West Indian Obeah 
 I can drink the poison from a King Cobra 
 'Cause long after y'all are dead and gone 
 I survive the nuclear holocaust like a roach arthropod 
 (Chorus Pras (Canibus) 
 Is that all soldier? (Sir, yes sir!) 
 Is there anything you need? (Sir, no sir!) 
 Report back to me before debriefing, at ease!