(Movie Sample) 
 *Horses neighing* 
 As the final days begin, God sends four terrible horsemen *horses neighing* 
 To reek his vengeance on a sinfull word. The first three bring 
 Conquest to war and famine. 
 (Intro: Killah Priest) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. 
 Yeah, yeah. Fuck that! 
 (Set it off.) Yeah, yeah, ya shitted. 
 Ya in some shit now, son. 
 It's on now, mothafuckas can suck my dick. 
 I'm back! Fuck that shit! 
 Ready to eat niggaz up, beat they ass and e'rything, son. 
 I'ma prove this shit, right here. 
 Me and my nigga. What!? 
 (Movie Sample) 
 Violence and punishment of enemies. 
 (Killah Priest) 
 I give a fake rapper a heart attack, once I start to rap 
 I'm a vocalist, nigga, I'm supposed to rip 
 Last Poet's told me this, hit ya in ya head wit my explosive fist 
 Then I finish ya off with my tremendous horse-kick *horses neighing* 
 What now, nigga? Look at ya talk shit 
 Just can't do it, 'cause you ain't got no teeth in ya mouth 
 And I know ya just tired of me, beatin' ya out 
 Ya trained all year, in a karate class 
 And took one second, to put yo' ass in a body bag 
 >From a shotty blast, I walk up in ya club and ya parties don't last 
 I like to pop shit, don't get me started 
 I slap y'all mothafuckas like y'all little kids in kindegarten 
 Squeeze yo' head till yo' kidneys harden 
 Now watch this, I'ma call my whole mothafuckin squadron 
 (Movie Sample) 
 The four horsemen of the apocalypse are among the bible's 
 Most terrifying figures. 
 (Killah Priest) 
 'Cause y'all niggaz is fucked up 
 And Brooklyn niggaz is really ready to get ya 
 I know how to hit ya, and cut ya open 
 But don't worry, 'cause I'ma stitch ya 
 With a rusty screwdriver 
 (Chorus x2: Killah Priest) 
 Niggaz bop yo' heads to this, real shit 
 Call up yo' cliques to this, it's realness 
 You feel this in yo' streets and village 
 Spare that new shit, Priest killed it 
 (Canibus) 
 Yo, yo, yo 
 Yo I'm a Macabeast MC and I possess the ability 
 To run at top speed without bendin my knees 
 I destroy shit... 
 (Movie Sample) 
 The fourth horsemen is the most frightening of them all. 
 (Canibus) 
 ...Wrap my hands around ya neck region 
 Then I start squeezin till ya stop breathin 
 You weaklins is playin' tug-of-war wit ya tongues 
 I knock the teeth out ya gums and suck the breeze out ya lungs 
 Hit ya wit a blow your physical frame could never sustain 
 You'll probably never walk ever again 
 Nigga, you think you rhyme sick? I leave you lyin' stiff 
 Pull you behind my horse till I break ya spine, bitch 
 Stop cryin bitch, before I hit ya wit the Iron Fist 
 You can't rhyme bitch, the one triple nine's mine bitch 
 The pain'll make ya voice change octaves 
 >From low-pitched to high-pitched, every hour we kill a hostage 
 We judge MC's by they lyrical fitness 
 And punish DJ's for puttin' corny stickers on they mixes 
 Smack the stripper bitches for askin for our autograph and pictures 
 You'll be scared to leave the club wit us 
 You stratch my back, I'll scratch your's bitch 
 I'll eat ya salt-fish, if ya suck my sausage 
 I got an atomic sub, armed wit a sub-atomic scud 
 Ready to spill ya crimson-colored blood 
 The four horsemen on the back of four quadropeds 
 Puttin' four hoof prints on ya foreheads, mothafuckas! 
 *Horses neighing*