(Eightball) 
 DMX, McGruff and Canibus 
 You know where you heard it first 
 My man Cardan, G Black, Ralph, Universal Records 
 Uh... {*all echoes*} 
 Pure Uncut, Eightball {*DMX barks in background*} 
 DMX (WHAT?!) DMX, McGruff, McGruff, and Canibus, baby 
 Yeah, it's the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw 
 It's the Pure Uncut, raw we keep it raw - listen... 
 (DMX) 
 Niggas I fuck wit' is the illest, baby gorillas 
 And shit we do today is gon' catch up with us and kill us 
 Long as I feel this, motherfucker's head is shot 
 Fucking lead is hot, and leave them dead to rot 
 Ruff Ryders cut the shit up, like raw keys 
 Like that from Crystal Lake and my last name is Voorhies 
 It can happen niggas, dog keys, and still gun it down 
 Only 'cause I know how you look up to a nigga, from the ground 
 Running clown, you know better, than to breathe too hard 
 For my kids I thank you God 
 And if you don't know, ask a nigga, that they just put in the ground 
 Slugs make way by the ounce, so I must've put in a pound 
 At least! I gave it to another nigga for lookin' 
 Money, ?could never stop my slugs? from cookin 
 Remember me, 'cause I'ma be there when they bury, you 
 Leave your skeleton in the cemetery 
 (Eightball) 
 Dum, du-du, dum 
 Who got the, who got the bum bu-bu bum? 
 We wrap it up and smoke it, sixty green 
 I'm a fiend for this rap thing 
 Down South hustiln' and we all about the cream 
 Stick 'em up, mad face, car chase through the city 
 Fuck the police, I'm mad plus I'm going off that gritty 
 Frank Nitti got a mob down to murder with me 
 Cats want to stick me, believe it or not like Ripley 
 I rip thee, back into a stack and flip it like a tech 
 Pure uncut, fire it up, and watch the fiends come back 
 Bubblin', real dogs stay around for troublin 
 Eightball, pick up the ball, when them tricks start bumblin 
 Rumblin (*vrooom*) mushroom, cloud pimpin' 
 Victims who breathe in die when I be speakin', releasin 
 You heard me, are you worthy 
 To ride with the Suave House and get down and dirty? 
 Chorus (Eightball) 
 It's the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw*2X* 
 Baby Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw 
 It's the Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw 
 (What?) Nigga, Pure Uncut, raw, we keep it raw 
 (McGruff) 
 Yo; where the fuck is the dough? its time to bubble and blow 
 Hit these bitches from the back, have 'em clutchin' they toes 
 Once smoked my lungs out, but now I fuck with my nose 
 Perform shows, bad bitches crunchin my clothes 
 Yo I'm 'Gruff, street thug beyond the speakers, beyond the rap 
 Man I'm on a car and my gat, swarm attack, sip Don and Cognac 
 Ain't just me, my whole freakin army strapped 
 Aiyyo, fuck that! And fuck you! Who the fuck you? 
 Touch you, you act like you want trouble 
 Money don't know you, don't rub you 
 I got' eat, that's like trying to tell me don't hustle 
 I gotta blow a couple, niggas away just to show the muscle 
 Yo, I squeeze till your vocal tussle 
 Niggas please, I got keys, coke, and snow to bubble 
 Hoes to cuff you, fuck you, suck the shit out your dick 
 Sucker for love, think you can fuck with McGruff? 
 Now listen mister 
 Gruff put your soul in a twister 
 (Canibus) 
 I just got off the payphone, on a three-way line, with EightBall 
 And Tony Draper, asking me for a favour 
 Now let me take it from the top, I touch your knot, with the rubber glock 
 Then I take your title, nigga, fuck your spot 
 Peace to the players that crush a lot 
 But they call me Canibus because I bust a lot, you can suck my cock 
 And got the same transmitted disease your mother got 
 Being unfaithful with me right before she divorced your pops 
 He came home at four o'clock, shocked, she was riding me on top 
 I told the bitch to keep the door locked 
 I know your heated and hot, because I touched the sure spot 
 You got defeated and dropped, I punch you in the jaw-ops 
 You talk dirt, you get dirt, that's how us ghetto niggas network 
 You think that vest works? You think you can't get hurt? 
 The bitch in you, makes you run for cover when I spit at you 
 A man-to-man zone Allen Iverson couldn't dribble through 
 Rapid fire syllables, you got to bribe me, with a mill or two 
 To keep me from killing you, with the lyrical 
 All you chief executives, amping answer records and shit 
 See, what goes around comes around, bitch