Tinkerer, Tailor, Soldier, Spy 
 No emcee is more loyal than I 
 I rep' hip-hop from the moment I rise 
 To the moment I expire and I physically die 
 (x2) 
 (Infinity mix) 
 Canibus: 
 Not now, I'm live, 10,000 bars of rhymes 
 Spit! Yeah do it all the time 
 They want attention 
 The problem is it's going to turn into a sparrin' session, and people gon' misinterpret the message 
 Like Mayweather and Pacquiao, Kanye West and Matt Lauer 
 Distract you to take a crack at ya' power 
 You got one shot mister, to get your tongue chopped 
 Million dolla' nigga politicin' with a bum on the block 
 All these miscellaneous niggaz - explain what the fuck you sayin' nigga 
 Is you dissin' me or praisin' me nigga? 
 I'm a bloodhound 
 160 pound and a half Freddie Fox, IPO flow, you a penny stock 
 That's right, you want what I got? 
 Bitch nigga - something I'm not 
 Battering ram, running up in the spot 
 Why need a ram? climb the turnbuckle till I get to the top 
 Damn Bis you really love hip-hop 
 But you a cute-nosed nigga, and you boxin' on 2 toes nigga 
 Plus you only got a few flows nigga 
 I seen ya' video on Vimeo, Columbo get busy tho 
 But you ain't fuckin' with me, for really tho 
 You think you try in persistence? You tryin' to start a riot in prison 
 End up stabbed in the isle with some scissors 
 Columbo Black repeatin' Canibus raps 
 Makin' up your own facts, stop smokin' that jumbo crack 
 It take me a second to jump in the action 
 You become a distraction, eat you up like a MRE ration 
 Watch it Black, you runnin' on the track for the pros 
 Let me remind you, you got two toes 
 Hustle and flow? Terrence Howard comin' to ya' show 
 And I'm bringnin' that lyrical law, nigga you know 
 Don Cheadle Afro, Iron Man buffalo 
 Bustin' a flow, rope-a-dope, throw you up in the yoke 
 Till you understand it wasn't no joke 
 Give a fuck if I'm broke 
 When I spit them bars you gon' choke 
 See alotta' niggaz try to distract me 
 Call me out, 'n attack me 
 You ain't got enough bars to harass me 
 Nigga, you laffy taffy 
 You actin' like _____ 
 You got my back? Why you tryin' to get at me? 
 Tinkerer, Tailor, Soldier, Spy 
 No emcee is more loyal than I 
 Just rhyme! Where you at? 
 Then hold the line for me when I launch the attack 
 And stop actin' like that 
 Nigga, I do it for me 
 I do it for us, I do it for Killah Preist, ???, and Kurupt 
 But they said enough is enough 
 Canibus, just give it up 
 I comply, I back out the room, face front 
 It ain't worth it 
 Bullshit, over some verses 
 I ain't perfect, I don't want your worship 
 I'm an introverted, miserable metaphor merchant 
 Don't ever disrespect me man, I don't deserve it 
 'Cause if I fought for you, I'll fight for us all 
 But if I turn my back, the mic gon' fall 
 Is that what you want? Cool, then peace lord 
 I got 10,000 fuckin' bars to record 
 Told you I got juice, drop socks, and boots 
 Lock and load, acquire the target and shoot 
 So don't sit back and say wow, sound off, nigga I'm down 
 A bald head for a cold ass crown 
 CanibusCollection dot com - my style 
 ¿¿Images and collections??, takin' orders right now 
 K-Rino: