(Chorus: woman (Canibus)) 
 He love me (He love that rock) 
 He love me (He love that rock) 
 He love me (He love that rock) 
 He love me,(Well he if he love you then tell him to stop) 
 He love me (He love that rock) 
 He love me (He love that rock) 
 He love me (Come on bitch, he love that rock) 
 He love me,(Well he if he love you then tell him to stop) 
 (Canibus) 
 You ever came home, everything you owned was gone? 
 TV, VCR, 'fridge and phone? 
 And pour your Armani Burberry cologne? 
 The nice china set from your mother-in-law? 
 You say to yourself, 'How can I get robbed? 
 The guard dog would've bit somebody for sure" 
 Could it be somebody that you probably know? 
 Got the ADT code and the keys to the door? 
 No? You better think again gullible ho 
 Somebody you know was on the rock patrol 
 (C-4) 
 I seen him pull up in a Pinto 
 I couldn't believe he looked through your window 
 Ain't y'all engaged? Well that day he was with the neighborhood bimbo 
 I thought to myself, "Oh 
 Why would he need a credit card to get in for?" 
 You keep a set of keys under the mat 
 He ain't thinking of that, he stealing for crack 
 On the street he could get a hundred for that 
 I hope you really don't think he bringing it back 
 I'm telling you girl he stole it 
 He was standing around the last time I saw it 
 I remember when you bought it 
 That son-of-a-bitch got balls if he can pawn it 
 I remember when I seen him this morning 
 He pulled me to the side, asked me if I want it 
 I had to look real close for a moment 
 I was shocked when I seen it was your shit 
 He put it away because he heard somebody was coming and just took off running 
 I told you woman he love that rock 
 (Canibus as a female) 
 I remember when I met him two years ago 
 By the Texaco, was looking tacky though 
 He impressed me though because he was gentle though 
 He didn't have no doe but he was sexy though 
 At first I played hard-to-get though 
 But it got so good I had to let it go 
 It was wonderful he put it on me slow 
 He even asked me to marry him in Mexico 
 I can't explain how he made me feel 
 I was head over heals in love for real 
 I took him home so he could meet my dad 
 Took care of his ass, gave him all my cash 
 For a year and a half I treated him good 
 He said he needed space, I understood 
 He'd be out all night, wouldn't sleep for days 
 Then he'd show up crazed in the need of a shave 
 Smelling like rotten eggs, I'd tell him to bathe 
 Clean him up, take him to church and get him saved 
 In Jesus' name I can make him change 
 If I had lost my way he would have done the same 
 Because he love me 
 (Canibus) 
 (Canibus) 
 I'm telling you he ain't gonna stop 
 Baby he just love that rock 
 He'll run up in your crib like knock 
 He'll take everything that you've got 
 Your gold watch, your jewellery box 
 Then go straight to the pawnshop 
 He's riding that white horse 
 And he don't want to get off 
 I've got a '800' number you can call 
 'Cause that love y'all had is lost 
 He don't love you bitch, he love that rock