Artist: Canibus 
 Album: 'C' True Hollywood Stories 
 Song: The Rip Off 
 Producer: Chips 
 Time: 4.24 
 {Crowd chanting} 
 Can-I-bus, Can-I-bus, Can-I-bus 
 Can-I-bus, Can-I-bus, Can-I-bus (2x) 
 Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) 
 Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) 
 Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) 
 Well I'm gone (Oh!) 
 (Canibus) 
 My brain races to create these lyrical mosaics, 
 Like paintings, to me, record stores and art galleries 
 Are merely the same thing 
 I feel like I'm Rembrandt and my man Van Gogh is a Mason 
 Canibus is not some average rap patron, have some patience 
 I went through changes not being with the majors and all 
 Till my man Louis Lombard gave me a call 
 And talked about some other way to cake off 
 I thought, hmm, I could make more? He said, "Sure 
 I could put you in about three thousand stores 
 And get at least fifty thousand orders 
 Maybe more Bis, who knows your fan base is enormous" 
 Well of course, look who I've toured with... Wyclef 
 I didn't sell twenty million 'cause it wasn't my time yet 
 I'm satisfied with the lineup I've rhymed with 
 Kool G Rap, Pharaohe Monch and Rakim 
 Including future superstars I've worked with thus far 
 Like Free from '106 and Park' 
 You need to understand something, Bis is raw 
 "Raw to the floor, raw like 'Reservoir Dogs' " 
 And mechanical mandible jaws split you in half 
 Addicted to ripping jackers but I'll rip a jackass 
 Before we battle there's two questions I have to ask 
 Are you carrying any firearms and did you pack your bags? 
 Cool, 'cause I'm gonna make you feel real bad 
 And I'm gonna make you so mad that you'll probably spaz 
 I can see you trying to get me like they got Biggie 
 Somewhere in the city on a pretty day when I'm dressing jiggy 
 And I've got security with me 
 I'll give you a buck fifty so quickly you won't even notice your nose dripping 
 So much blood on the floor you might as well be pretending to be mud wrestling 
 A dozen bitches P-M-S-ing. 
 Sounds kind of tempting doesn't it? 
 Dissing me wasn't really worth it, was it? 
 I'm bugging I know a lot of y'all loved it 
 And tried to convince the public to say, "Fuck Bis!" but just think 
 I played y'all like a bunch of puppets 
 You played Russian Roulette with a musket and got busted in your own nugget 
 A Twenty-one Gun Salute with no bullets and no trumpets 
 While the rain pours and the storm thunders 
 Your rotting carcass smells so pungent it turns my stomach 
 Attracts the buzzards and Fox Eyewitness News coverage 
 Rip the Jacker's on the loose in London 
 He slipped through U.S. customs and flew to Dublin 
 Fronting as a janitor in a school or something 
 Working for little or nothing, I'm warning you don't trust him 
 He's a complete risk to the American public 
 And don't ever call the law 'cause he thinks he's above it 
 Let's get one thing straight 
 You can't touch him, outsmart him, out muscle him, or out hustle him 
 You can't beat him? Join him. You can't join him? Fuck him! 
 Can-I-Bus, either you hate him or you love him 
 Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) 
 Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) 
 Can I rip it? (Yes you can!) 
 Well I'm gone (Oh!) 
 (Canibus) 
 I seen you at Ruby Tuesdays with a toupee 
 Talking on your two-way, you look gay 
 Nigga, I don't give a fuck about the games you play 
 I'll gnaw on your bones till my teeth turn blue-grey 
 Or turn yellow like I ain't brushed in a few days 
 And the blood starts to taste like red toothpaste 
 Nigga, this ain't communion and that ain't Kool-Aide 
 Delicacies the F.D.A. won't approve in the states 
 Like a little witch's brew in your vanilla latte 
 Or perhaps fillet of dog in a Malaysian café 
 If I was a cook I would probably take a half day 
 Clock out and never come back, you keep the back pay 
 That's some metaphorical shit, are you happy? 
 Is that why you weirdoes are all attracted to me? 
 Look at yourself, why you even listen to me? 
 Listen to yourself, you're constantly dissing me 
 Well, listen to this, bitch. Get off my D! 
 If you don't think I'm the illest, that's cool, I don't agree 
 I've proved myself time and time again 
 Ripping mic's like Heinikens, who want me to rhyme again? 
 You could never expire the fire within 
 Killing me with a gun is easy, try a pen 
 For the use it was intended 
 I don't like to be the one to start the drama nigga, but I know how to end it 
 Kill yourself, I'll take the credit. Get it? 
 You see, that way things couldn't work out more pleasant