Canibus- 
 Yeah... 
 This is what I call an intro- Mixed with a sick flow- 
 This is for Fatol- Here it Go... 
 - 
 Yo- 
 My after mid-night flow is a fright show... 
 Where emcees try to battle to see if they might blow... 
 Uncovered the hidden scrolls, From the days of old... 
 When all lyricist were bold an spoke from the soul... 
 Modality outside the womb was changed... 
 When I was exhumed... It will change once again soon... 
 I let go- My pen writes free of any grip... 
 Spit lyrics- My soul feels free of any sin... 
 Emcee's recycled for redistribution... 
 Only the illest will still release new music... 
 Canibus- Fatol- Angels of death, That chase you... 
 Catch you before you can catch breath... 
 Split personality, Spit pulsive at best... 
 Impulsive on the set- I AM the Lord of Finese... 
 The Garrison park leads to my Gallery of art... 
 Following flattery of sloth before we battle in the dark... 
 Whatever your fate, Frequency 528... 
 Is the repair frequency for the damaged DNA... 
 Holy water make me spit harder- Cluster water make me rip harder- 
 Structure water help me outspit the Father... 
 Author, Poor Pauper on it, Put you through the Hip-Hop Gauntlet... 
 You will never recover from the torment... 
 Spin Black August an white carcass- 
 Photographers snap shots of bright orbs and objects in Earths orbit... 
 You poor son of a bitch, You rhyme like the son of Canibus... 
 This is my underground analysist- The Impact causes rapper paralysis- 
 Let me ask you this... On the average, How many bars you spit? 
 I'll tell you this- I spit enough bars- 
 To afford a small Log cabin overlooking Rippers Rivers Fall... 
 I still spit for the Gods, An give it my all... 
 No matter whoes here, No matter whoes gone- It Lives On... 
 We build to become strong, I stand on the top of the Trilithon... 
 An encourage you spit a million bars... 
 Step up to the task, Send details fast- 
 Through E-Mail blasts, While I telepathically telecast... 
 To each and every Emcee who ever spit a rap... 
 Brace yourself for The Impact... 
 Captain Cold Crush get busy on the track... 
 Brace yourself for The Impact... 
 So In The Ring you cannot win... 
 -Don't-Don't-Don't-Don't- Don't fuck around wit 
 The top 10 become 9 dead, If I ever decide to hop in... 
 -Don't-Don't-Don't-Don't- Don't fuck around wit 
 - 
 So In The Ring you cannot win... 
 -Don't-Don't-Don't-Don't- Don't fuck around wit 
 It's the impact, impact- impact... 
 The top 10 become 9 dead, If I ever decide to hop in... 
 -Don't-Don't-Don't-Don't- Don't fuck around wit 
 It's the impact... impact 
 Fatol- 
 Only true warriors spit with me... 
 Use meta-phoric Euphoria an- 
 Omininous synphonies towards glorious victory... 
 Wage war on the industry, Drag the corpse of the enemy... 
 From the- Birth place of rap, To the shores of the Italy's... 
 With Enormous ability, Foes sopposed to be feelin' me- 
 They, Hate that they love it- Under oath they revealed to me... 
 Curse the throne of this tyranny, On my toes while I'm still asleep... 
 With- One eye opened, I was told they would visit me... 
 I- pierce the eyelids, With scenes of violence... 
 Peak the violins... An give ya ears Otitis... 
 A Sleepin' Giant... Comin' out of retirement... 
 Like Goliath taken vitamins with the stick of Posieden- KID... 
 An I'm wit Canibus A battlin advocate... 
 In the- Zone of the underground where rappers get buried in... 
 A beast with the message, Put the weak under pressure... 
 'Cause they couldn't amount to shit if they were being disgested... 
 Hah... Fatol the hex... The name you detest... 
 The Angel of death... Put these pagans to rest... 
 Thugs, Claimin the set- When they aim for respect... 
 While you gangstahs poppin' collars, I'll be aiming for necks... 
 On the pulpit of rap... Making a Declaration of War... 
 On all the bullshits that's wak... 
 Cold Crush Got my back... 
 An we about to attack, Unless they meet our demands- 
 I breathe for a second- Grit my teeth I'm weavin my weapon... 
 I'm feelin' the pressure... Bullets fly in seepin directions... 
 I sink to a shelter, My eye's don't even blink gettin' redder... 
 I think this a setup- I'm screaming for my team to dismember... 
 They hearin the call- They all- Never fearin the brawl... 
 Till tyranny falls, These bombs send 'em clear to allah... 
 The cheering response, Was 'Nah soldires killing them all'.. 
 I'm feelin' the calm, Dear God, yo we need you involved... 
 Behold the Midas, Whoes touch of gold is cold as ice is... 
 Foes can find us, On our thrones of skulls an diamonds... 
 Speak from the heart, When releasing these bars... 
 Grip ya DNA an rip ya double helix apart... 
 On December 2012 with the world lookin' skyward... 
 Brace yourself the Impact... 
 As I watch the Meteorite coming towards the Horizon... 
 I brace myself for The Impact... 
 So In The Ring you cannot win... 
 -Don't-Don't-Don't-Don't- Don't fuck around wit 
 The top 10 become 9 dead, If I ever decide to hop in... 
 -Don't-Don't-Don't-Don't- Don't fuck around wit 
 - 
 So In The Ring you cannot win... 
 -Don't-Don't-Don't-Don't- Don't fuck around wit 
 It's the impact, impact- impact... 
 The top 10 become 9 dead, If I ever decide to hop in... 
 -Don't-Don't-Don't-Don't- Don't fuck around wit 
 It's the impact... impact