{*Lightning and thunder*} 
 (Whisper) 
 King Of Sorrow 
 (Female) 
 Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah... Sorrow 
 (Canibus) 
 What up Em? It's your biggest fan 
 It's not even necessary to introduce who I am by now, 'cause we're good friends 
 Remember the letter I wrote, before Atlanta on Up in Smoke 
 That's the day I was gonna cut your throat 
 I guess my watch was broke, 'cause by the time I woke 
 I seen my watch was twelve hours late and I missed the show 
 But none the less I'm glad that I finally reached you 
 Ever since the accident I've been dying to speak to you 
 To tell you things have changed, and I'm a different man 
 A different level of understanding, I'm a different Stan 
 Things are a lot better, I promise I won't harass you with any letters 
 Saying things like, "we should be together" 
 I meant we should start a group 
 The industry's full of homosexuals Slim, but I don't wanna touch you 
 I got a new attitude, really, I ain't mad at you 
 I just wanted you to recognize that I got talent too 
 (Canibus) 
 You Didn't Care 
 You Didn't Care 
 I Just Wished You Cared 
 (Canibus) 
 When I say talented, I don't mean battle Slim 
 I mean storytelling, kind of like how your album is 
 I been attending counseling and taking medicine 
 They did some tests on me at N.I.H. in Maryland 
 They showed me techniques to help me deal with pressure 
 Whenever I remembered that crazy night when I was being reckless 
 Driving with a death wish, on the bridge and I crashed into a Lexus 
 Right before I finished that last sentence 
 I was listening to Xzibit's album Restless 
 The next thing I knew I was under water and breathless 
 I was unconscious for a second, literally dying to go to heaven 
 Till some fellows came and pulled me from the wreckage 
 They started C.P.R., then they called the paramedics 
 In retrospect I probably should have used a gun to end it 
 By the time the car had sunk, my pregnant girlfriend was still in the trunk 
 And I was still feeling kind of drunk 
 The ambulance came and they put me on the stretcher 
 Hooked me up to the I.V. and checked my blood pressure 
 One of them was so concerned that they wouldn't leave 
 He hopped in the back of the ambulance and rolled up some trees 
 My vision was blurry, I couldn't really see 
 I just remember his voice talking to me 
 In the emergency room, I needed surgery to get some glass removed 
 And fifty stitches for my wounds 
 (Canibus) 
 You Didn't Care 
 You Didn't Care 
 (Canibus) 
 After a couple months of therapy, I figured I was as ready as I'd ever be 
 I wanted to be an emcee 
 He took me to shows with him, he let me flow with him 
 He let me write some rhymes and go on tour with him 
 I really believed in him, I decided to team with him 
 And now I'm overseas with him, getting cheese wit him 
 And I'm emcee'ing with him, I'm having the best time of my life 
 And I'm writing the best rhymes of my life 
 He introduces me to people as his lyrical equal 
 Let me write a rhyme on his album and even produce a beat too 
 He ain't see-through, I can't see him fronting 
 He's not the type to call you just because he needs something 
 That's what I like about him, I wouldn't want to rock a mic without him 
 He's got cajones and he's not a coward 
 Matter of a fact, I think he met you 
 It was the day you came to his video shoot with D.J., Jimmy's nephew 
 'Clef stepped to him and told him he should step to you 
 That you was ghost writing for L, but that wasn't true 
 You was looking at him the same way I'm looking at you 
 Why can't we be friends Em'? I don't want nothing from you 
 You see there's a little bit of Stan in all of us 
 Tell me where you think all of these record sales spawn from 
 Talking 'bout Britney and Christina Aguilera 
 N'Sync too, have you ever looked in a mirror? 
 Your hair ain't really blonde, and your eyes ain't blue 
 So never diss me, 'cause when you diss me, you're dissing you. 
 (Sade Singing) 
 Sorrow... yeah, yeah 
 Sorrow... 
 (Both) 
 You Didn't Care 
 (Sade) 
 King Of Sorrow... no 
 Of Sorrow... 
 (Both) 
 You Didn't Care 
 (Sade) 
 King Of Sorrow... said you didn't care, you didn't care 
 You didn't care, You didn't care 
 (Canibus) 
 Why didn't you care? 
 (Sade) 
 Sorrow... 
 (Both) 
 You Didn't Care 
 (Sade) 
 King Of Sorrow... no, no, no 
 {*Fades*}