Artist: Canibus 
 Album: Can-I-Bus 
 Song: What's Going On 
 Producer: L.G. 
 Time: 3:52 
 (Intro: sample) 
 "What's... what's.." 
 "What's going on? What's going on?" (4X) 
 (Canibus) 
 The club scene is a regular hangout spot for unclean 
 Women in tight jeans, fronting like queens 
 Chicken heads, who should be home taking care of their eggs 
 Instead, they're always in the club flirting with men 
 Now, I don't care about them hypenoholic bitches 
 All I'm concerned with is who's bringing their burners in to burn niggas 
 While security practice is a mediocre precaution 
 Niggas is still stealthily sneaking their firearms in 
 Often, niggas be acting like they're marksmen 
 But couldn't hit a stationary object 
 So, how you gonna hit a moving target? Especially if you alcoholic 
 The party was coconuts until you spoiled it 
 Nigga, what's going on? 
 Chorus: Canibus "samples") 
 "What's going on? What's going on?" 
 What's going on these days? 
 Can't do no Hip Hop shows without the gunplay 
 "What's going on? What's going on?" 
 What's going on? Why is everybody packing? 
 "While you rapping, I'm busy trying to sneak the gat in" -> Havoc 
 "What's going on? What's going on?" 
 What's goin' on these days? 
 Can't do no hip-hop shows without the gunplay 
 "What's going on? What's going on?" 
 Before you blaze, think about the lives at stake 
 "You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place" -> Biggie 
 (Canibus) 
 Aiyo 
 The other night I seen some kid getting loud, running his mouth 
 Till somebody pulled the damn thing out, then shots rang out 
 This nigga in front of me got his back blown out 
 On the floor, with a piece of his small intestines hanging out 
 I had to scream on the bouncers to carry him out 
 They said, "Nah, them niggas is still busting in the crowd" 
 Then they ducked down close to the ground, as the bullets whizzed by 
 Praying to Allah, 'cause they don't wanna die 
 But neither do I, fuck it, I gotta be here 
 As a rap artist, it's a vital part of my career 
 I swear, y'all niggas need to chill with that 
 Bringing your handguns to every goddamn club I perform at 
 Everything from semi-autos to MACs 
 Chrome or black, plastic gats and all that 
 Believe it or not, the government wants that 
 So they can use that as an excuse to shut down rap 
 What's going on? 
 (Canibus) 
 All of my Hip Hop niggas should feel what I'm speaking upon 
 A subject that was touched by Nas and Pharoahe Monch 
 Bullets, being shot from guns, guns being carried by thugs 
 Who come to the clubs, to shed blood 
 Bear in mind, that every time a nigga reaches for chrome 
 He jeopardizes more lives than his own 
 To some this record ain't even relevant, until you experience 
 How a bullet can shatter your dreams in a millisec' 
 By some thug cats, who didn't take that 
 By busting a gat, they could render somebody handicapped 
 And trapped, in a wheelchair over nothing 
 With the gift of walking and running snatched from them 
 What the fuck is going on? 
 (Chorus to fade)