Pop it back to the ... stash box on the hill 
 I like four ... 
 Is this money good green or bad ... 
 ...Michael vick when he say swimming 
 I'm everything you have lord please ... 
 ...On the night ... for extinction 
 And I'm ... my niggas worth that 
 8812 break your arm try to ... 
 ... 
 ...Military is blowing on you 
 Is hot sunny days with the ... 
 ... In the hand gonna bull 
 For ...man... man play around to your 
 Faithfully... to your man ... 
 Shoot that nigga... I don't care if his mom is with em 
 He told me ...make sure his mom is ... they gona be good 
 ...Should like that... my fully put niggas in their place 
 His blacking yellow, blacking yellow, blacking yellow 
 The crime... investigated by the ... my lord get the fuck of my face 
 When I'm in the ... 
 ... In the hand gonna make ... 
 ...Man down, man look 
 Play around to your main down 
 Stand up, fall faithfully you man down, man look 
 Play around to your main down 
 Stand up. 
 Shoot that nigga I don't kill on the car with em 
 Real nigga shit, I don't care if it's mom's with em 
 They think they got me I'm laughing at the da 
 'Cause my man taking all the murder charges like ... 
 He told me just make sure his mom is in the sea good 
 Nigga as long as I'm straight they gonna be good 
 ... Don't understand should like that 
 My ... nigga love when I ...like that 
 My ... put niggas in their place 
 When I check niggas ... bull it, bull it in their face, 
 Yes black and yellor, black and yellow, black and yellow tape 
 The crime ... investigated by the ... 
 ... This ain't the first 48 
 Officer, where is my lawyer get the fuck of my afce 
 I'ma real nigga ... be fake 
 Go harder than ... when I'm in the ... 
 ... In the hand gonna make ... 
 ...Man down, man look 
 Play around to your main down 
 Stand up, fall faithfully you man down, man look 
 Play around to your main down 
 Stand up. 
 I just started in sun, I've been in the loop 
 No color still banging with dupe, get em 
 Come on, let's bang of the roof, you're with it 
 That was that child ...who grew up with ... 
 No father figures, I'm 13 and I'm jumping out the 'cause with niggas 
 Champion hood, no joking like niggas was goody 
 Some niggas ...and they still do 
 I ain't get used to get busy nigga I still do... I will ... 
 And let the niggas just rock there ... 
 I keep the sniff around me nigga like will do 
 ... Nigga I kill you, kill you.