spoken: 
 "Yo, so you know, all of a sudden, we're in front of the 
 Restaurant and she decides she wants to leave on her own. 
 And I'm like "Just go!" you know? And then she, 
 She gotta get something out the car 
 She gotta do this she gotta do that... 
 Yo she was always trying to fight me 
 Kick me and bite me 
 I used to argue with her daily and nightly 
 Trying to excite me, saying shit to spite me 
 She said "I know it isn't another girl!" I said "It might be." 
 There really wasn't but I said it 'cause she hyped me. 
 I know she loved me but she act like she don't like me 
 And started gradually just trippin' on me slightly 
 All of a sudden, she stopped acting politely 
 I said "Just kiss me instead of trying to dis me. 
 'Cause when I'm gone you'll be hollering you miss me. 
 You should just love me instead of trying to shove me. 
 Try to hug me instead of trying to bug me." 
 She beautiful but be acting like she ugly 
 I know she dug me but why the hell she drug me 
 Through all the drama talking 'bout that she can kill me? 
 Be flashing on me, turn around and say "You feel me?" 
 I'm like "Yo, you ain't always got to grill me 
 You better tighten up before somebody steal me." 
 Why you be acting up, why you be showing out? 
 Why you be talking all loud when we in the house? 
 What's with the attitude? Why you like to run your mouth? 
 I guess you really don't know what it's all about. 
 You gots to BOUNCE 
 Get your clothes and BOUNCE 
 Pack your bullshit and BOUNCE 
 Get your clothes and BOUNCE 
 Gimme everything and BOUNCE 
 She was always trying to hold me 
 Shape me and mold me. 
 I never knew and nobody ever told me 
 Trying to control me just because she know me 
 She said "If you love me like you tell me then you show me!" 
 I had to tell her that I dealt with her solely 
 It didn't matter 'cause she treated me so coldly 
 Tried to talk with her but she blocked it like a goalie 
 We was lovers before we was homies 
 I said support me instead of trying to short me 
 Outvote me or root beer float me 
 Misquote me or even scapegoat me 
 And after all that insult me? 
 [Spoken] You know, we used to be close now you want to badmouth me 
 And talk to your friends all crazy about what I do... 
 She was always trying to clown me 
 Sink me or drown me 
 Outthink outdrink and out-of-bound me. 
 I used to leave but I hated when she found me 
 But she got to everyone in the townie 
 I tried to duck from the drama that surround me 
 It's in my blood, I'm a king you got to crown me 
 The way she flipped the script on me was astounding 
 "Who do you think about when you say who found me?" 
 I should have taught her every time I fought her 
 I never caught her and never tried to salt her 
 I wonder why our relationship falter 
 I guess we both have the kind of life you can't alter. 
 People should make up instead of trying to break up 
 Or just break up cause that can be a wake up 
 And when you wake up make sure you take up 
 A little time so you don't make a mistake up. 
 Take your (keys/cat/dog/silverware/dishes/old couch) and BOUNCE 
 [Spoken] "Yo, all right, this is done. No more, I can't argue with you..."