Fuck is up? What's happening? 
 Yo, tell you a fucking story 
 Tell you a fucking story 
 Here we go, huh! 
 Once upon a time in a city called Shit 
 Lived a man named "What The Fuck?!?!?" 
 He used to clown around with his dick in the ground 
 And one day his dick got stuck 
 He was kicking and screaming and yelling 
 And cussing and asking everybody for help 
 Then he ran into a man named "Fuck You Too" 
 And he told 'em he should help himself 
 He was so frustrated with his dick getting? 
 And he had no one to call 
 Then he gained control climbed out the hole 
 Motherfucker you better save his balls 
 Now every time I think about "What The Fuck!?!?!" 
 I think about you 
 And how he changed and took all the pain 
 When he ran into "Fuck You Too" 
 And Nbsp; 
 Hey yo peel the fuck out 
 Pop the clock, weave through the traffic, backwards once 
 Straight from the Wasteland, modern luck 
 Tainted, baked, and ate in hot sun 
 It ain't the same when I murk the surf 
 In above the whimp truck to ? swervin 
 We play the game like bitch you? 
 And Ace in a hole like... 
 You talk nervous! 
 My mind is filled with a thousand kills 
 But no ? MC's can face this skills 
 Pop the peel, bug the fuck out, brake the fuck out when I grab that steel 
 The neutrilizer, the equilizer, meet the heat? 
 Burn your high riser 
 Roof on fire and so is the first floor 
 Keep sticking you, until it don't hurt no more 
 I've seen modern thugs with a virtual headset 
 Programmed modern but those who ain't dead yet 
 And yet vets turn into? 
 Sick of how murdering men became into ? set 
 Nuts and bolts, programming gears 
 And shots to targets, head gets clear 
 Try to play brave from a bottle of bear 
 But you can't play hero if you're cape say's "Fear" 
 Fuck you too! 
 Man, fuck you too! 
 Fuck you too! 
 Fuck you're all crew! 
 Welcome to the circus of stars 
 Sit down! Mind reach collapse rat, fractured clown! 
 I was ? with a stop of four year old recording 
 And smiling with ? for a boy who was born pour through mourning 
 In the morning, escape my glory 
 The citys on fire but I can't stop warming 
 Sick with the vision of my ? burning 
 Stick with what I mention and I'll splif you lip 
 Warning! 
 They wanna jump into the battle and earn their respect 
 Well get the fuck up! Let me cash this check 
 I'm still on deck with a mouth fill of poison 
 Spitting at you and your crew when your ? in 
 Raining parades leave stains on a blade 
 I came with the raid and I'm leaking with your head 
 I walk home alone from the terror dome 
 FULL! Because hungry wolves need to be fit 
 Yo, I punch strokes and I crunch the clock 
 THEREs sharks in the moat and ? in the? 
 WHERE cops and kids bust shots not to live 
 Bitch, shut your ball park and talk to the fist 
 Marksmanship and the parks don't slip 
 You marks get lit up and hit him so quick 
 It's dark in the pit you betta watch what you do 
 Fuck you motherfuckers! 
 Fuck you too! 
 Once upon a time in a city called shit 
 Lived a man named "What The Fuck?!?!?" 
 He used to clown around with his dick in the ground 
 And one day his dick got stuck 
 He was kicking and screaming and yelling and cussing and asking everybody 
 For help 
 Then he ran into a man named "Fuck You Too" 
 And he told 'em he should help himself 
 He was so frustrated with his dick being? 
 And he had no one to call 
 Then he gained control climbed out the hole 
 Motherfucker you better save his balls 
 Now every time I think about "What The Fuck!?!?!" 
 I think about you 
 And how he changed and took all the pain 
 When he ran into "Fuck You Too"