You know we keep it true - we keep it true we keep it true we 
 Keep it true 
 You know we keep it true - we got to keep it true we got to keep 
 It true 
 We got to keep it true - you know what we do you know what 
 We do 
 We got to keep it true 
 Relax your mind w/the music - you know what we do you know what we do 
 Sit back and vibe w/this true shit 
 This isn't really what you think it is 
 That is if you're even thinkin' in the first place 
 The first place isn't always the winner 
 And winnin' isn't everything 
 And this is not a race 
 I am not a android I am not a mongoloid 
 I am not annoyed by the void in your brain 
 This is not a trick son you are not a victim 
 You are just a man b-boyed out the game 
 Let me explain 
 Abstract are you fresh? 
 Ain't nobody fresher 
 But it's hard to get around w/out some clown tryin' to test ya 
 Acey are you dope? 
 Dopest in the world 
 I give it to the moms and pops I give it to the boys and girls 
 Oh so you a family man? 
 Aren't we all aren't we all 
 Yes we are 
 Trying to make jams man and expand my repertoire 
 We got to keep it true we got to keep it true - relax your mind w/the music 
 You know what we do you know what we do - sit back and vibe w/this true shit 
 Well I be arrangin' thoughts in my brain cell family 
 <? Rapidly? > embarking on incredible creative routes 
 Understanding me is truth shining like a lie 
 When I say break wide I mean take trips not just in your ride 
 In your mind 
 'Cause when you left you're right on time 
 The sun'll come out tomorrow and it'll set in the west 
 So I don't sweat the rest 
 Who wanna inhale stress 
 Keep it true 
 You know we keep it true - we keep it true we keep it true we 
 Keep it true 
 You know we keep it true - you know what we do you know what we 
 Do 
 We got to keep it true - the w the w the w 
 We got to keep it true 
 Relax your mind w/the music - and keep it true and keep it true 
 Sit back and vibe w/this true shit 
 The world is full of bullshitters 
 Liars and triers and quitters 
 Could-a-beens wanna be's thought-i-was isn't-i-is's 
 And everybody in your business 
 Damn 
 Now what is really your main aim 
 When you are just a blotch and a stain on the planetary plane 
 Just another name in the phone book of fame 
 Bustin' out the seams it seems you haven't gained enough 
 To be seen in the right scene 
 Your thoughts they seem so convincing hmmm 
 But your actions don't follow through 
 Remember 
 Never say never because it never comes true 
 Your thoughts they seem so convincing for instance 
 You told me that you're a level higher 
 Liar 
 Element of desire earth and the wind and the fire 
 Not 
 You ain't even halfway hot 
 Not lukewarm you don't got no form 
 You (...? ...) 
 All caught up in bein' waterproof 
 When you shoulda been tryin' to catch up w/the truth 
 For all intent and purposes your life on earth ain't worth it's weight in 
 Gold 
 That's probably why you get blowed 
 Cause people tell people things and people sell people things 
 That are useless and irrelevant 
 And it stifles my intelligence 
 I stay true 
 You know we keep it true - and we keep on and keep on and keep on 
 You know we keep it true - we keep it true we keep it true 
 You can mumble jumble if you got somethin' to say 
 But I doubt it's gonna affect me I row my boat steady 
 Everready is my battery description 
 Meaning I'm equipped to take long trips 
 And my brain cells overload when I get blowed 
 Gotta bring it down there's a point where the joint stops 
 Being passed through the fingers of a rhyme (? singers?) 
 The smoke from my last hit still lingers 
 Bring us your tired and your weary and your poor 
 I'm a take you higher while you're hearing metaphors 
 And similes 
 Assimilation of new creation 
 Mind emancipation 
 Rhymes command the nation 
 And so on and therefor and such and such 
 Dust to dust I thrust from the ground 
 W/no where else to go but up l.a. is where I'm found 
 Throwin' up sets and blowin' up sets and goin' up stepney 
 About to get a heavy track 
 (? Or jimmy in the spot?) 
 Or plenty of hip hop goin' round three 
 Heavyweights it's your time so register 
 Foundate your legacy we serve all them replicas 
 True style true style? 
 True style new style 
 You know we keep it true - we keep it true we keep it true we keep it true 
 You know we keep it true - the w and every crew we keep it true 
 We got to keep it true - from me to you do what you do just keep it 
 True 
 We got to keep it true - relax your mind w/the music 
 Now I'm gonna take my last verse on a good note 
 You better prepare your footnotes 
 Hold your wigs tight 
 Open up the middle 
 (? Center me in the more?) 
 Words are the foundation action is the building and unity 
 And the concept to result in logic and the use of logic 
 Now the object to be neutral partial to a judgement 
 And the subject's concentration here is the pop quiz 
 What hip hop is 
 You know we keep it true - relax your mind w/the music 
 We got to keep it true - sit back and vibe to this true shit 
 The wrong thing to do is stop