Yo this goes out to hip hop world wide. 
 Straight from leimert park, California, los angeles. 
 Yo, everybody in the hip hop struggle, in the life 
 Struggle, makin' a name for themselves, makin' 
 History, makin' a change. 
 Yeah all the project blowedians, all the tape 
 Slangers, all the record pushers. 
 This goes out to everybody doin' it on they own 
 Livin' legends, c.v.e., 
 Hieroglyphics, likwit crew, global phlowtaions. 
 Project blowed what's the code 
 I been rockin' mics since I was 12 years old 
 I was born in the jungle, the concrete slab 
 Where people take any and everything that they can grab 
 Some niggas chilled on the block, but chilled in the lab 
 My project was to blow you up and break you off a slab 
 People are strange, and people are bad 
 But the gift of gabrier was something beautiful to have 
 It started at the good life, house of the first sightin' 
 We snatched raps out of they mouths when they were biting 
 There was nothing more exciting then to serve and perform 
 On crenshaw and exposition God was born 
 He said please pass the mic to whomever is tight 
 Me and the fellowship took it and we held it for dear life 
 The inner city griots, the wild, the style, the crew 
 The ones they got their styles from, but claimed 
 They never knew 
 Already... yeah 
 The underground source, which everyone 
 Eventually feeds from. 
 Influence the industry in a round about way. 
 What up to dilated peoples, o.m.d., pharcyde, 
 Jurassic 5, erule, hobo 
 Junction 
 What's up saucey, what's up trend, medusa 
 Manifesto, hip hop clan. 
 Well the parties jumpin', the blowed is packed 
 And when a crowds like this I'm ready to rap 
 But before I can bust a rhyme on the mic 
 I gotta serve you in a cipher just to ear my stripes 
 The scared battle dog, with the underground catalogue 
 Fuck it, tryin' to make the world a better place 
 Instead of duckin', still tryin' to make the ducktes 
 Make the knowledge rain down in buckets 
 Make a little somethin', and tuck it, just to give it away 
 Build a work shop round where I stay 
 Some people got the love, but they don't know the way 
 Some people know the way, but they don't know what to say 
 And I'm the sensei I greet'em from far and near 
 Better watch the light in your eyes, a stars in here 
 Leimert park's very own aceyalone 
 The one who made the whole world come off the dome 
 Up at the blowed 
 What's the code 
 Yo I'd like to send a special shout out to ben caldwell 
 Much respect, thank 
 You for everything you've done. 
 Richard, 5th streets, world stage - billy higgins. 
 Much respect due to the watts prophets. 
 The last poets, and all the other poets out there 
 Much love 
 What's up a.k. tony 
 You ever seen a rapper with fire in his eyes 
 Wired up off the bud smoke tryin' to fly 
 Rap, rap, rappin', rhyme, rhyme, rhyme 
 Leimert park and 43th turn into a landmine 
 B-boy's tryin' to flow they rhymes, and b-girls 
 Lookin' oh so fine 
 My man bad drew gots the fresh designs 
 And cheatum got the sound set bangin' from behind 
 5000 boomin' watts, kaos network state of the art 
 Audio-video, filmin' and editin', capoieria and meditations 
 Computers and telebeams, at the workshop every thrusday night 
 Where we give the new definition to open mic 
 I hope y'all don't mistake glitter for gold 
 While we doin' it, and puttin' it down at the project blowed 
 What's the code 
 Yo, special shout out to all the God love, 
 And all the energy out there, 
 Positivity all the righteous men and women. 
 Yo, what's up to my homie djinji brown, diamond d, 
 Black star, de la soul, 
 Organized konfusion, common, bahamadia, krs-one. 
 There's a whole lotta people out there I respect. 
 Project bliz-ni-iz-no... puttin' it down.