Okay listen up gentlemen 
 Veterans vitamins specimen letterman 
 Tell a friend pedalin' 
 Amphetamine medicine medalin 
 Hematology skeleton trojan velatin 
 Reverend see no evil since solomon 
 Origin motherland 
 Must I begin babbling? 
 Amphibian oblivion 
 I'm livin' the life of ten men following a mannequin that leads you 
 Straight into a brick wall you shall fall like berlin 
 You believe in oppression lesson learnin' zen 
 Gatherin melanin oxygen 
 Wonder if this never could truly never be comprehended 
 I bled so sick when down to a mic and a pen 
 Listen 
 It's the greatest show on earth 
 The audience is manipulated by the benevolence kind (? ? ? ? ?) 
 Poison keen justify recollect sunken boisterous wallow 
 Devoted dominate vanity vanguard assimilation 
 Accusation aggression stolen light picture convexity contrast 
 Prepare aware 
 Humanize imitate overpower initiate 
 Dispell this spell 
 Transgression transcend transmission 
 Lurking avarice secluded passe mundane fleeced 
 Dim obscure evangelistic prophet 
 Evoke revoke dominion legend load 
 Flamboyant judgemental swift vex sex decadence and solitude 
 Dude 
 Maybe I should warn you before I storm on you some more 
 Disarm you and reform you 
 Don't wanna harm you or alarm you 
 But nobody's leavin' here till they stop breathin' and choke 
 Ever since I was a child teethin' and able to speak I spoke heathen 
 Under this tent's the greatest show ever seen ever heard 
 From the evergreen to the neverland ranch you never dreamed 
 But you slept and I witnessed it 
 It's over your head it's way outta your grasp now 
 You're outta weed outta cash outta gas and you're outta style 
 Outta place and you're outta line and you're outta touch and you're outta 
 Time 
 And you're outta turn outta tune and you're outta wind 
 And you're one outta ten who must be outta their goddamn minds 
 I'm outta reach I'm outta you're element out of the ordinary outta sight 
 I'm a outsider 
 It's outta my hands I'm outta this world on the mic 
 And this is the greatest show on earth 
 Aceyalone sends his wishes to all the frightful night out on the (? ? ? ?) 
 Circus 
 Under the stars electric traveling bazarre/bizarre packed w/laughter 
 How far do you have to go to see the half-man amphibian show 
 Mars 
 Sarcasm at it's best but of course the exhibit's droppin' right into your 
 Neighbourhood parking lot structure 
 Colorful gleamin' beamin' neon ferris wheel 
 The kid in all of us fool 
 You want a ticket what is magic a woman being sawed in half 
 And live to talk about it you'll see her spine gyrate 
 We'll have a gypsy read your palm and tell your fate 
 We'll have the great bandini's opening act a spoon bender 
 He'll do his thing kid shook his coat and he dropped a fork 
 Ta da! 
 It's a concrete forest of course it is of course it is 
 The lamp posts are the oak trees the street tops are the streams 
 The natives all stay inside their huts until that bright sun beams 
 Then slowly they crept out to get some air 
 Some argued some screamed some beamed some slept 
 Some re-tatched some wept some hobbled some betrayed 
 Some planted some begged some parted others laughed 
 Some panicked some breathed some movement by the trees 
 Somebody some magical logical something in the loom 
 Some whom shall I say someone is watching every step you take 
 Some doom is waiting for you in the shed 
 Some thought some book some other's point of view 
 Some bled some bland some music by the band 
 Some danced some stood some drunk some plotted 
 Some plant some growth some joint some exotic 
 Some gather in the end and they bought the farm 
 Some dared some (? apple?) some charm some scared 
 Some hands around your neck some place some (? scapel?) 
 Some trouble some fallin' from beginnin' to end 
 But never could understand 
 The greatest show on earth 
 It's the greatest show that's ever been 
 It's the greatest show you've ever seen