(Feat. C-Loc, Master P) 
 (Master P talking) 
 Yeah, huh, my boy Young Bleed in here, C-Loc in here, an you know the 
 Colonel MP up in here 
 (Chorus: Young Bleed) 
 Nigga we gonna keep it real dawg, hustiln high, 'cause live niggas keep it 
 Real young, can we keep it real Loc? Tryin' not to spill no blood, if 
 It's real show a nigga love, nigga. 
 (Verse 1: Young Bleed) 
 Nigga it burns for gold that rose before me that was fakin' the funk, 
 Long an behold I come to get it, so I'm takin' it in chunks, out to 
 Lunch for brunch, maggots gonna munch in perpendicular, order money, man 
 Slaughter, I write this shit that's good for you, how many mutha fuckas 
 Must get dealt wit? Before someone kick down yo door, an leave you 
 Helpless, is you feelin' my fear, feelin' my vibe, at the same time, I 
 Dirty my theroy, clickin my tribe, tryin' ta claim mine, hush, 
 What you discovered don't shake the rictor, my nigga, my nerve, go get 
 The camera, get the picture, I'm laughin' at y'all for tryin' to ball, 
 Wit yo mug on me, movin' a million mutha fuckas strappin murder machine, 
 I come dainty an benidine, so gimme mine, sippin great wine, polishin 
 Pussy that's genuine, paralized to the format still smokin' blunts for 
 Days, an mama's theroies an ways, got me prepared ha, niggas ain't 
 Ready, but if it wasn't for the grace of God, they say you couldn't live 
 Life against all odds, I know it's hard, but it's real though, I'm 'bout 
 Ta peel out, every time I touch somethin', what ya feel yo, nigga, give a 
 Fuck if you bigga. 
 (Verse 2: C-Loc) 
 It be a piper push poundses, wit playas who wanna rise, pick the pen 
 Then ??? my rhyme, eh, so now I can make a leagal paper in this rap 
 Game, at the first used to hear that boy playin' wit steel toys, now I'm 
 Worse, can't break the curse, y'all laugh until I die, comin' from the 
 Dirt, so watch a young hustler rise an shine, like the ghetto 
 Mastermind, ('bout it 'bout it) let 'em know, why do, doin' all that lyin' 
 Got the nation down to ???, young mutha fucka ain't do shit, can't stand 
 The heat get out the kitchen, before trigga fingas get to itchin', getty 
 Up, get into position to have twitchin', thinkin', damn, how could I 
 Have mention, stop trippin', keep it real nigga. 
 (Verse 3: Master P) 
 Ughh! I live my life of a youngsta wit money, to many, bitches 
 Pandhandlers, beggas an dummies, tryin' ta, steal my soul, I mean suck me 
 Dry, for these 20 inch rims on my ghetto ride, I couldn't lose my life 
 Tryin' to keep my shoes, sell my soul to the devil, in the ghetto you 
 Lose, an ain't no, nigga gonna make it, fakin' the game, too many blacks 
 Behind bars for fortune and fame, I live, my life, readin' jail house 
 Letters, I'm workin', money orders sendin weed through sweaters, I seen 
 Mama's turn off of hustlas and killas, my last supper probably gonna be 
 Wit fiends an dealers. Ughhhh! 
 (Master P talking during chorus) 
 C-Loc records, keep it real, for all the records, keep it real Loc the 
 Whole south, to the east, to the west, to the middle, huh, we gonna keep 
 It real though, keep it real Loc.