Yeah 
 And if I died in your arms tonight 
 They say just like the Corinthians 
 You know 
 Paul wrote he said man I die everyday 
 Ya know 
 Time moving so fast 
 Ya know what I'm sayin' 
 A day on earth like 1000 years in heaven 
 Ya know depends on how you livin' it's like 
 Where you bread at? 
 Where your leather? 
 You know what I'm saying 
 A lot of muthafuckers out here going shoppin' 
 And I be tellin' people about the west side 
 And let them know what's goin' on over there man 
 Spirits man, it's a spiritual thing 
 How can I make the spirits understand? 
 That I am just not to be tested by the outer man 
 And everything that we can't comprehend 
 It's not a mystery that god drinks champagne moet share dawn 
 Baby girl sayin' that there's imperial 
 Watchin the tube, store up the blunt, please don't get it confused 
 Slurred your speech, love, or follow the rules 
 Home of the tomb, shake ya stick, these playa hatas don't know shit 
 What do you do, when the homeboys try to play you? 
 Get some new homeboys, or just ride as a playa? 
 When the prayer in the system the Father, the force revolvin 
 Any problem, we can solve it 
 If we want it, then its ours then 
 I say the blessings, manifested from God 
 Don't get it twisted, this the Heavenly month 
 I see these bitches trying to trick you 
 They trickly moving quickly 
 And it's moving to the swiftly 
 Hehe, man it's cool 
 Yeah, what if I died tonight? 
 In your arms, in your arms 
 What if I died tonight? 
 It's all good, it's all hood 
 Oh baby, it's on 
 Fo sho 
 Yeah 
 You know what it is 
 One time for your mind, pimpin' 
 All good, all hood, aw baby it's on 
 You don't have to worry about your title 
 It's vital beyond the bone 
 Believe in the one 
 In the name of the Father the Son and the Holy Spirit 
 Baby we must confess with our tongues 
 Play it to give it 
 I think we fit to havin' some fun 
 Load up some funs, get a cab and baby, fuck those guns 
 Yeah, what if I died? 
 What if I died in your arms tonight? 
 It's like Paul said, man, I die every day, man 
 See, it's like a day on Earth is like a thousand years in Heaven (you know what I'm sayin') 
 What if I died tonight? 
 What if I 
 I really don't know what you want me to say 
 I really don't know what you want me to do 
 But just get away from here, and only the Lord can guide me 
 Okay, you don't want me to stay and I can't wait 
 They say don't turn around cause again, you know what it is 
 Get away from here 
 Heh heh heh heh 
 And only the Lord can guide me, can I tell you all? 
 Do they keep throwin' up twos, I will never understand why they do what they do 
 Go tell 'em they need to get the freedom from the normal evil world and take the time without wilin out and of course they gotta watch out when they cast they pearls 
 That's because I love you 
 You know that I'm not gonna hurt you 
 All in, you're never alone 
 One true soldier 
 Until the story's over 
 Crossroads, cross toes, hit 'em with a cross bow 
 Remember baby it's on 
 And that's because I love you 
 What if I died in your arms tonight? 
 What if I died in your arms tonight? 
 Yeah What if I, what if I, what if I? 
 (Talking:) 
 Stay out the window man 
 With them X's and those Y's and the chromosomes 
 Real choose, real game for you muthafuckas 
 Holla back 
 You know how we do it 
 They say like a day on earth is like a thousand years in heaven 
 Is your grill leveled? 
 Yeah 
 What if I died 
 What if I, what if I, what if I, what if I 
 Stay out that window 
 Man I'm telling you baby, come up out that tree, don't even trip 
 Don't even ask no questions 
 That's what it is, that question mark 
 You know what I'm saying, that unknown 
 Man that's where they shit comes in 
 And that shit start getting broken down into the fullest 
 Ya know what it is 
 Representatives 
 We have an aide, we have a path 
 We have a road that we have taken with this music 
 With this movement 
 One true god and we will never betray that 
 In the name of the father the son and the holy spirit amen 
 If you don't stand for something 
 Ya ass will fall for anything 
 Holla back 
 What if I 
 Haha I told you quit askin that question man...