Bizzy Bone - Intro: 
 Yeah... uh, uh. That's what I'm talkin' about. 
 Ready to do this shit? Let's do this. 
 I Be... I am what I am, a man from The Land, never ran [x2] 
 Bizzy Bone: 
 Who lead the rebellion? Who the future? David Ruffen up in this motherfucker 
 Ready for restitution, execution up in this motherfucker 
 You know what I do and you know that I'm fully prepared to use it, 9 Millimeter up under the pillow; 
 I guess that I'm just a bad influence 
 It's not that I'm givin' a fuck, but I never was Judas 
 You're lucky that I never told anybody what was goin' on wit a me Ruthless 
 It was ridiculous, very meticulous, true this 
 They don't want me and nothin' with that I know what it is and I'm ready to do this 
 I ain't givin' a minute to anyone, and anyone tried to get me 
 Stay in the streets; Even if they stuck me I got my people with me 
 Yuck, in embalmin' fluid incinerate me like chicken strips or butterflied like Filet Mignon with the grease oozin 
 (Whoo!) Ghetto-traffical, metaphoric, it was mathematical 
 And if it ain't no love then I guess we've gots to battle 
 What? What rapper love the machine gun rattle 
 Everybody scatter, dog, 'cause we compatible 
 Who got that Babylon babble? Poverty! Fuck! 
 I'm almost 30 and I needs to be in a castle but I'm stuck 
 Don't nobody want to help to the pay 
 Somebody's gonna feel my talent, of course you gon' feel the gauge 
 I'm a fuckin' slave Still the animal they can't contain 
 A kid said he was mutilated, o master he not playin' games 
 After the rapture if I'm still in this bitch, 
 I pray to my baby's they just disappear, I'll be repentant 
 I Be... I am what I am, a man from The Land, never ran 
 I Be... I am what I am, a man from The Land, never ran 
 I am... Never ran. 
 Bizzy Bone: 
 Comin' in with a Dolly with a muzzle over my mug 
 Get together a party where the killas showin me love 
 We're together so we get on the level and pick it up they pick at the dust interrogator with metal cuffs [x2] 
 Pickin' 'em out drink a bacardi we wicked now 
 The bigger the cup the quicker we figure to fill 'em up I'm sick in the mouth 
 (Baby Phil) 
 (7 Sign in the club, nigga) 
 What? It's ready to get me so niggas, just come and get me with that 9 Milimeter with the seventeen shot clip 
 Puttin' bullets up in your body, I'm makin' you bleed 
 Motherfuckers is after reefer but nigga just please believe it 
 Just a real killa, nigga 
 I done told you motherfuckers y'all can bring it on, bring the drama, 'cause I'm gon' bring it to you motherfuckers 
 Any nigga put it down for the South side nigga, we gon' put this shit up in ya nigga 
 Just bring on the drama, motherfucker cause any you bitches can feel this, nigga what? 
 'Cause we keepin' it real and strong, marchin' with my soldiers all by my side gettin' it on, crunkin' up the spot, blazin' up your block, up this atmosphere 
 Got this shit on fire like this motherfuckin' inhaler nigga 
 'Cause we some killas, and we some boutin' ass niggas and we ready to ride 
 Us niggas countin' real mad figures 
 Hundred and Benjamins 
 Niggas better believe, cause, bring it on motherfuckers 
 We be real, bitch 
 'Cause we be ready for your ass, hit you niggas with this hot steel 
 Got to hustle 'cause I need to feed my kids a meal 
 But fuck that shit, I'm on a roll tryin' to get it on 
 Come on Bizzy Bone, let's roll 
 I Be... I am what I am, a man from The Land, ever ran 
 I Be... I am what I am, I am what I am 
 (7 Sign in the field and, nigga what? 7 Sign in the field and, nigga what? 
 7 Sign in the field and, nigga what? These niggas raw, these niggas raw) 
 I be... Soul spirits, Soul spirits, Soul spirits, Soul spirits, Soul spirits, Soul spirits 
 I Be... I am what I am, a man from The Land, never ran 
 I Be... I am what I am, I am what I am...