Bizzy - That's right, that's right. LDB. 
 LDB - What's happenin'? 
 Bizzy - Romeo. 
 Romeo - What's up? 
 Bizzy - Batman. 
 Batman - Yo yo Bizzy. 
 Bizzy - That's right. 
 Romeo - Let it go. 
 Bizzy - What? What? 
 Let me remind ya about how 
 Shouldn't have murdered 
 But an eye for an eye 
 Goin' and killin' you soon will die, my 
 Sendin' you to the Lord because nobody wants to worry ya, serve ya 
 Everyday seems shorter, and murder gonna search for ya 
 As I walk cross the road, across the road (across the road) 
 I just think about my life 
 How I grow up (how I grow up) 
 And I think about the things that people do 
 And I guess they can't go to public school 
 And I see just how this world has been ruined (has been ruined) 
 But what can we do, what can we do (What can we do) 
 But what can we do, what can we do (What can we do) 
 Peace at the end of the road is where we are 
 From coast to coast to give up the ghost (8x) 
 Search and search, you'll never return 
 Better not use my name in vain 
 And the children are our future 
 To the teachers, maintain 
 Rule two, thou shall not steal 
 But I did, and I will, especially for my babies 
 My Mother pay my bills 
 And then my wheelchair 
 I get too old for those reel 
 Who done gave me free meals 
 And they don't see me make mill 
 And until the deal, we'll keep rolling 
 Fillin' it up with granite 
 From the east to the west of the planet 
 Better pay attention to the Ten Commandments 
 Everybody that's confused just hear me out 
 From coast to coast, from coast to coast, give up the ghost 
 All our homies really don't know just what to do 
 'Cause there's a coffin over there waitin' for you 
 Downloading all the info from your mind 
 When your soul has gone, we will find 
 Peace at the end of the world is where we are 
 Understand it if you can 
 You standin in my way 
 So peace out to the murdered family 
 But it ain't really none of your business 
 Say a Prayer, pray 
 Get on your knees and you pray 
 Everyday you pray, and stay away 
 No matter what no one else say