(Girl:) 
 If the globe stops spinning and the sky falls down 
 And we go all on the mountain, and the trumps make sounds 
 And the hand stop ticking, and the horse rides in 
 And the sails (get buff?) you'll all be down 
 (Bizzy:) 
 Yeah, gimme dat water baby 
 This world'll drive me crazy, better watch ya back playa, playa 
 Yeah, gimme dat water baby 
 This world'll drive me crazy, better watch ya back playa, playa 
 Stuck in the game, passing the flames on these lames 
 Never could fade me, enter my wall of shame 
 Hotter then lava, and the sound of the kitchen cajan, mayne 
 Maintain the main thing, blame, it is a mystical frame 
 Enter the circle, exit quicker than aim 
 Slums up in the barrio, baby I guess I'm a bum, hey 
 Come for me mama, it ain't nothing but legitimate rhyme skills... 
 And baby as we represent the one all the way 
 In the circumference, dhunn-dhunny gimme the money 
 Hun-ga-ry muthafuckas, say what? I'm Still sunny 
 Bizzy, he does it, what was it? What is it? 
 Hittin'em harder in the bank, inquisitive with straight saints 
 Daintily in the ain't, is following the bears 
 And quizzing me, is you crazy, I know you know what it is 
 It's just a starter, if I'm a martyr, give me my paper 
 Knee-deep like sheep, these wolves, they can't escape us 
 One time 
 Holla back, you gimme the rhythm, I hit 'em up in that hat 
 And I hit 'em up in that back, if need be, the Mack 
 Slack? Never... but on the 12th of September 
 You better get everything you need, remember, One Time 
 Baby boy, feeling the clout, gimme the music properly 
 Yes, I'm God's property, monopoly, who gonna stop me? 
 Nobody, Gettin' in em, we winning, seeing the women 
 Venomous in the minimum, baby boy, as we sending em 
 Ending 'em in the beginning, rendering what they want 
 But I don't pay no fucking taxes, I only smoke up the blunt 
 And I don't have time to front, you're rolling with me, well let's move 
 We duck the funerals, the usual, Bizzy let's groove 
 One Time 
 Secular, molecules protecting us 
 Brain waves, respecting us, Punk muthafuckas, they ain't connecting us 
 Recollecting us, and we bust, in God we trust 
 And the plus, I got mission, precision listen to us, trust 
 In the imperial, water floating and flowing 
 Get it up, uptown, all around, they not knowing 
 Skyline, high line, I sign this 
 Gimme my money muthafucka I'm pissed 
 One time in the apparatus, no status, no gladis 
 Only the pimps, no simps, I'm still rapping 
 Keeping it moving for me, no nuts, no glory 
 Know your heads strong, scary story, that purgatory 
 I said it's ore-y or we eerie, do you hear me much clearly? 
 The streets in that direction and real people can feel me 
 I said it's ore-y or it's eerie, do you hear me? Much clearly? 
 Still in that direction, and real people can feel me 
 One Time