(Intro: Joel Madden) 
 Oh, to the sects. Oh! This' the one right here. 
 (Chorus: Bizzy (Joel)) 
 (Oh! I'm the one...) Through the fire, pyre 
 Through the rain, through the rain 
 Through the fire, pyre 
 Through the rain, through the rain 
 Through the pain (Oh! I'm the one...) And only one can be the one, it better be, get out of my way, say (Oh!) 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 Through the fire, pyre 
 Through the rain and pain and pyre 
 The temperature hotter then lava, the medium, medium, meetin' em, tedium 
 B.B. The Kid saga 
 Allah the king, administer candles 
 Kiss the rain, dig in the brain and find the Ying 
 Part of the negative, there go the Yang 
 Thinking they're deep and they're ready to get with the glory thang 
 Steady the people that think that we're whispering, baby we born in the sin and we bang 
 Steady the thugs, and look at the buzz 
 I look at the drugs, I look at the buds 
 Out of their minds, you know what it is 
 If you're getting mad, you don't know what it was 
 Memory blood, the duster, the dust in the wind, I don't need to cuss 
 If I was a women, I'd come as a women, and give you an angel you never could touch 
 The spirit, the light, the birds, the flight, the bread, and even the rush 
 I don't need nothing, whatever your doing is makin' my brain feelin' the touch 
 Eliminate hate, open the palms 
 Carry the babies, I sing this song 
 Walk in The Garden, open arms 
 Disgusted, gotta stay calm 
 Look at the angsta' angels, walkin' the earth, they miss their spouses 
 Humans, homes, and houses, mini-mansions and mountains 
 All will be found and... 
 (Chorus: Bizzy (Joel)) 
 (Oh! I'm the one...) And only one can be the one, it better be, get out of my way, say-ay-ay-ay-ay (I'm the one...) And only one... And only one... It's only one, one, one... (I'm the one...) And only one can be the one, it better be, get out of my way, say-ay-ay-ay-ay 
 Yeah, and only one... It's only one... Crush yo' ass. (Oh!) And only one... 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 I know what they're looking for, huh, but they never gon' find it though 
 Overflowin' the cup, and then what? Shall I go further, yo? Shalt never murder though 
 Shalt never covet another man's propert-o 
 Shalt never steal, never use thy Lord' name in vain, and though many more to go 
 Never act like your The Lord and you'll see 
 No adultery, gotta be all you can possibly be 
 And, don't make out to be a lion, funny you think I'm lying 
 It's me, and walking the streets, and ridin' the ambulance straight to the bed and an IV 
 An eye for an eye I never go by, gotta forgive them and let it be 
 Think of the sign, the temple the mind, we get on the grind and decree 
 By any degree, feelin' the burn, the family saying they love me 
 Is that what I see? Is that what is? After everything nothing but your greed? Remember the vibe? Remember the tribe? Never could murder me twice 
 Remember the pride? I got rid of mine in '89, still got a life 
 After all, you handle your promises 
 It's so man 
 Y lies, a smokin' gun 
 I forgive you, but I know who is the one, Allah 
 (Chorus: Bizzy (Joel)) 
 (Oh! I'm the one...) And only one can be the one, it better be, get out of my way, say-ay-ay-ay-ay (I'm the one...) Yeah, and only one... It's only one... It's only one... (I'm the one...) And only one can be the one, it better be, get out of my way, say-ay-ay-ay-ay (I'm the one...) Yeah, and only one... It's only one... (Oh!) 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 How many men you know that can birth up a baby, and burpin' my baby, and don't have a lady 
 Come back from the walk and she actin' so shady 
 Smokin' with homie, it still doesn't phase me, and leave 
 It's nothing to eat, the baby is crying, I walk him to sleep 
 And he wake up as Bryon, no money, I crawl out the gutter, and tell me to whoop on the child 
 Better believe, when the beating is what you receive 
 Wake up and you'll wind up in the beginning with no precious metals and demons are pleased 
 Now you in the breeze, why you fuckin' with me? You're visibly stripped to your knees 
 And giving your self more credit then you deserve 
 I worship the Lord, you worship a dream 
 The triple the beam, the trinity 
 And eyein' the fiend, the theory of rocks, you know what I mean? (Damn) The Big Bang (What?) Duster, the duster, with the dust of wind, I don't need to cuss 
 If I was a women, I'd come as a women, and bring you an angel you never could touch (Whoo!) The spirit, the light, the 
 Birds, the flight, the bread, and even the rush 
 I don't need nothing, whatever your doing, and making my brain feelin' the touch 
 Eliminate hate, open the palms 
 Carry the babies, I sing this song 
 Walk in The Garden with open arms, disgusted, but I stay calm 
 (Chorus: Bizzy (Joel)) 
 (Oh! I'm the one...) And only one can be the one, it better be, get out of my way, say-ay-ay-ay-ay (I'm the one...) Yeah, and only one... It's only one... It's only one... (I'm the one...) Yeah, and only one can be the one, it better be, get out of my way, say-ay-ay-ay-ay (I'm the one...) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah... (Oh! One... one...)