(?) Matter 
 Why did he deserve to be chosen so angels could bow? 
 We have to go back to Jurassical classics, so fasten your safety belt, it's goin' down 
 The dinosaurs speakin' with life, who knows of the spirit, the soul or mind 
 Only the lord, and some of these babies, and others; one others were leavin' once in the night 
 Enlightened when men was created, did Adam survive on the ship? 
 I don't know, soon as it's told, there's my stone, 
 These delicies, cause these intracasies are to cold 
 Let us move on with the story of Egypt, where Pyramids roll through the desert 
 It's only in aims,.. from Allah 
 Evolution (?) is ever so present; think of handsome birds, 
 And animals, strictly to show Allah as much as they can 
 What of the love, beaming with light 
 They probably about to come back as a man 
 The knoweledge that one would possess 
 When they dig deep in the psyche, the brain 
 In the midst of that haze, understanding their dreams 
 And what does it mean, show us the way 
 So many wars, it's so many pressures, 
 Opressive?, a lesson for change 
 Some vultures could never come deal with commitment so they pick on the strays 
 God was teaching the kids to stand on their own as a father would teach his son 
 Then come back, and be proud of his children 
 Jesus sacrificed his life for some love 
 And Allah already had a plan 
 Adam, man, prophecy logically, possibly 
 Probably; oh, look at the monopoly 
 Best friends, nobody can stop me 
 Hit em' in the middle with the rhythm 
 Better when he comin' 
 Look in the mind 
 Tell em' what we from; God 
 They comin' 
 Atilla, killa, for reala, manilla 
 (?) 
 You know what it is when we come around, 
 I don't give, nigga trust em 
 ... Yeah we should love em' 
 Winds, givin' 'em somethin' holy 
 One of them up with no commandments manner, that's enough you know me 
 Seven they- Hey, Seven they- Way 
 With you every step of the way 
 Shotgun go blow-blow-blow 
 Is K ok? What about Wish and Flesh? 
 Bone Thug millennium pray, acrobatic 
 No static, slave circus 
 Everybody bust the shots 
 ... Did you see that timid angles face? 
 Asalam A'laikum, my Illah Illah; 
 With Jesus, YAY