Yeah you know what it is 
 Yeah Yeah yeah 
 One time for they mind yo 
 One time for they mind yo 
 Get to em 
 Get'em baby! 
 Bizzy Bone: 
 See I know all about you 
 (? ]And I ain't too hot for you now[?) 
 And now you talking fast actin' like you something you not 
 So now when I talk 'bout you can't even remember your name 
 Cause all these playa haters lookin' the same 
 Nigga 
 I took took a picture 
 With the quickness I come get witcha niggas stop your ticka 
 Read description [? ]dismiss it and forgive it forgot your bid[? ] 
 I don't know you I don't know u a little crip forgettah 
 Like you never existed in my picture take it to you 
 It's like a nigga never knew you 
 My homies they wanna do ya 
 I'm holdin' 'em back from screwin you 
 You wanna be me 
 In my bidness you wanna be a rapper you ain't [? ]cappo[? ] you ain't bizzy and you ain't [? ]tappa[? ] 
 Allahs god allahs my mastah 
 Create a fly 
 U ain't fly 
 You would shoot me in the back like brother ty it's only I 
 Who tried and get you off the cold... crack focus your mind and made you wanna go rap 
 How could you do me like that 
 And I still gotta forgive got a clean heart 
 Prosperus as I live 
 And now you know the truth 
 Do what you do without me you ain't gangstah ain't gangin' ain't gankin a chin 
 I know all about you 
 (? ]I made you got what you now[?) 
 And now you talking fast actin' like you something you not 
 So now when I talk 'bout you can't even remember your name 
 Cause all these playa haters lookin' the same 
 U wanna start somethin', you ain't even muslim 
 Wastin my time with your wack rhymes and you bluffin 
 Your homies are fruity so I question if they even like coochi 
 What ever happened to the pimpin' that you said you was doin' 
 Got your people gooey 
 Ain't never seen me before 
 Man they don't never boo me 
 Never confuse me or 
 Strangle my mind like I'm blind 
 And you hoes can't find 
 Look at you jealous of my fellas I'm a chillin' proclime 
 You a dime you a boy you a toy indeed you got no joy so you make prank calls to me 
 What you see is the real ** feel no brag 
 I don't care bout your choices but I'm just not a fag 
 See I know all about you 
 (? ]I made you got what you now[?) 
 And now you talking fast actin' like you something you not 
 So now when I talk 'bout you can't even remember your name 
 Every playa hata lookin' the same 
 So mr crackhead 
 Ecstasy poppin' wannabe 
 Mr cokesniffah 
 Cocklicker 
 Wannabe alicia keyes 
 I'm a rocknrolla 
 Holder of the heart of a G 
 And I promise you can never be me 
 Only for tryin' 
 Too expensive to buyin 
 Too estensive to [? ]say it[? ] 
 Artificial feelin' of drugs can't even fly with it 
 So come and try it 
 You don't stand a chance in here 
 It's your weakness in your lust that done make you a queer 
 I'm on every tear 
 With every tear I give 
 They are not for you 
 Only for god I live 
 See allahs god muhammed is messenger may peace be a part of my lord and master help me say a [? ]postportum[? ] 
 See I know all about you 
 (? ]I made you got what you now[?) 
 And now you talking fast actin' like you something you not 
 So now when I talk 'bout you can't even remember your name 
 Every playa hata lookin' the same 
 Hollah back 
 See I know all about you 
 (? ]I made you got what you now[?) 
 And now you talking fast actin' like you something you not 
 So now when I talk 'bout you can't even remember your name 
 Cause every playa hata lookin' the same 
 One time 
 Q loco: 
 I know you a bitch niggas from junk street 
 You can't deny my street tactics now police follow me 
 You played that [? ] two pieces now a nigga come see me 
 Switch the game up and now niggas they wanna be me 
 Too much leadership to play that backburnah 
 Military mind in motherfucker like I'm nat turner 
 Gotta watch myself *** a con cause you talks alot 
 I was openin up your prep but your rhymes ain't high 
 Hali is your ghostwriter I won't tell 
 All moneys pay good nigga see me in hell 
 Spit shells on my duels shine in the reverends form 
 Put me on a track with bizzy and nigga we do you one 
 Allah please let me apologise in advance 
 These niggas they made me do it give me one more chance 
 Return my pistol to my pants 
 And I stepped out true 
 I tell it was it is motherfucker 'cause I know all about YOU