(Feat. Twista) 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 I'm riding a caddy and daddy I'm rolling it sadly 
 But I don't mind, if they laughing at me 
 The movie I hardly think that they be singing singing 
 I never gave up on my lady, but she still ain't listening to me 
 Gotta let them 24's spin, chins ain't chipping or flipping 
 And let me get another victim again... gain-gain-gain-gain 
 And whether they don't gimme any hen or befriend them 
 When they said I was, but I been right here, cause 
 You know what it is, you know what it was 
 So they wanna move dude, Watchu gotta do, who 
 Not me... 
 I said I'm glossin', and who you thought of flossin' baby 
 Baby, I'm not Pac though... And I'm not God, no... 
 But I float like a butterfly, sting like a... (bee)... 
 Mo Money, money, money, money, money, money 
 In the face of the crowd 
 Plottin' and now, I don't need no pride to hide 
 Oh wow, oh wow... 
 Mo money, money in the face of the crowd 
 Plottin' now, I don't need no pride to hide 
 Oh wow... But baby I'm not Pac, No!... (BUCK, BUCK...) 
 (Twista:) 
 Ya now out by the windy city south park 
 No cookin' in the kitchen, homie we put out raw 
 Midwest outlaw... Fuck with it? I doubt y'all 
 Somewhere between Chi-town and Cleveland is where they found y'all 
 Rolling through the alley in a caddy... 
 Throw my cali's at the hataz... O with a P 
 When they hit a nigga grizzle rocking city after city... 
 They gon' ask, "Is he doing it with Bizzy? " 
 And you know I ain't done now (Why?) 
 'Cause we 2 of the coldest muthafucka... 
 To spit these fast lyrics on one track 
 Buck 'em with a lyrical bullet in the body... 
 Because I gotta get this fire to know shit don't stop 
 Pull up in a Lamborghini or the Ferrari... 
 Other one gotta get the props, so I gotta get the drop 
 Gotta get the doe and get the money, money 
 I could really feel it when I hear they coming for me 
 Try to get it if you think you feeling kinda lucky 
 Twin Glocks... so you know you better bring a buddy 
 And I got the ammunition for anybody... 
 That wanna go against the Midwest Militia 
 A whole crippled the competition for Bizzy 
 A whole crippled the competition for Twista 
 A whole crippled the world because it's us against it... 
 And the shit about the get ugly 
 The static come and hit 'em with the automatic... 
 Running through borough after murder but I'm a go and so I gotta get 
 (Bizzy:) 
 Me and my brother Twista getting it crunk 
 And drinking that goosey, with 'em a brew 
 Doing whatever we want to do 
 Get to the club, ain't nobody knew 
 Thought that we beefing, they try to divide the truth 
 Talk about who really started the style 
 How bout everyone living in harmony... 
 Look at the army, now 
 General 7, the belly is purest and we wanna get it... 
 At heaven, we dancing our way to the gates 
 If you coming we'll need every Muslim 
 We human, we're all in the brethren 
 Veteran deep in the city I pity the fool... 
 Who jump out of this fake 
 What do I look like massaging the thought 
 When they come with the matrix and say that we 'fraid 
 We'll never break... 
 'Member that conny and Twista 
 We're gonna go through the fire, never expire 
 Give it the way that they want it... 
 The fun of for you if you tired (What about...) 
 Money, you tell me what's money to you 
 Pay for the rappers and corporates... 
 The office that burn wood, but the burn good 
 And the brain wave... Puts the energy, certainly 
 I don't have time for emergencies, baby the word... 
 And we walk with the covenant 
 Party and popping the melody... 
 Baby, I know that the ladies be loving it 
 Brush the dust (in the) enemies way, get 'em a drink 
 We look too lovely, the spirit is present 
 And never be hesitant, Twista and Bizzy 
 We getting this money, Nukka