Driving On the Mutha Fuckin' Freeway N Shit you Know What I'm Saying 
 70 Mutha Fucking Miles Per Mutha Fuckin' Hour you Know I'm a Reach Up 2 75 
 This how we do it baby boy 
 Get Much More Mutha Fuckin' Deeper Man 
 As The Mutha Fuckin' Reeper Hanging on Your Shoulders 
 I Wanna Give Him A Hug N Tell Him I Love Him... N I'm Gettin' Older 
 N Life Is Gettin' Colder But Mutha Fuckas Words is Gettin' Bolder 
 While I'm Walking in the trenches of CALI 
 I'm feeling these mutha fuckas want to see me all fucked up in the alley 
 Don't wanna see me with no money they really wanna see me hungry 
 But, of course I'm a clean myself I'm Feelin' Lovely 
 As they walkin' through the Matrix 
 Don't Even Say It... Homeless ain't homeless 
 Nigga They Ain't Boneless 
 N Don't Play It 
 Ain't No Hatred 
 Mutha Fuckas... Don't Even Know It Don't Even Say It 
 Give It Back To These Niggas Till they need no knowledge 
 Mutha fuckas Needa pay some homage 
 I ain't even tryin' to take your ass to the ghetto (spirtual college) 
 Cause these mutha fuckas don't know- in leather squalas 
 N the obama- so I can hang through the cold... so I hang through the bold... so I can hang with the old... me and the ancients wen they sittn ovr 'n' watchin. 
 My battles they be comin' in dreams 
 And Mutha Fuckas Don't Know I'm Seein through the seams 
 As I crease up the jeans 'n' buckle the belt 
 N I rock this mutha fucka it ain't for myself 
 'Cause I rock this mutha fucka it ain't for my () 
 N I rock this mutha fucka it ain't for my health 
 'Cause I'm a drink wat I drink... I'm a smoke wat I smoke 
 If I die for liver cancer bitch I chose 
 I'm A Real Mutha Fucka Till They Kill Me 
 Say Thou shall never kill... this is how they grill me 
 This is how they gunna feel me 
 This is how ther awaken... and this is how ther awoken 
 SAY BB you still smoking [? ] Of course I need some chronic in my system-mutha fuckas won't even fuckin' listen 
 Got getem wen you getem you listen wen you listen 
 If Not then wat the fuck 
 My battles they be comin' in dreams 
 And Mutha Fuckas Don't Know I'm Seein through the seams 
 As I crease up the jeans 'n' buckle the belt 
 N I rock this mutha fucka it ain't for myself 
 'Cause I rock this mutha fucka it ain't for my () 
 N I rock this mutha fucka it ain't for my health 
 'Cause I'm a drink wat I drink... I'm a smoke wat I smoke 
 1 time 4 they mutha fuckin' minds most mother fuckin' definitely mother fuckers can't even come up in this mother fuckin' garden with no shit flat out get the fuck outa here... don wana know nothin' that's why god put 9percent of the brain take out the cerbellum for me man... they don't need to know nothin' 1 time for they mind b EZ on them cause.