(Intro: Bizzy Bone) 
 Rock and roll. Naw, this that flip flop flow, fuck them boys. Man, if you niggas gon' do somethin' man (Hit that shit right there nigga) let's do some shit nigga. We can turn this mothafucka into Dodge City mothafucka. Nigga I don't give a fuck nigga, can't you tell bitch? 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 Someone caught stressin (?) and he started framing out of his (?) 
 Haven't you heard? Runnin' in 90s on one hundred and twenty third 
 T-Rock done got shot, and I got, to find a murderer with a double edge pump, a church killer don't worship and when the cops got bored 
 Fillin for baby boy showin up for the unsolved, deployed 
 Little Eazy leave me and Wally, damn, little Angel, she was so small 
 Grippin the bottle of gasoline and the alcohol was killin' Doti 
 Havin' a ball... but I'm still rollin' through the shore 
 Pray for redemption 
 Runaway slaves, you house nigga 
 Rollin' with plantations on full of a fraction, and grab your crouch nigga 
 I don't give a fuck (Nigga what you niggas wanna get fucked up?) nigga 
 We gettin' pumped in St. Luce, forgettin my thugs now who do you trust? (God) 
 Ante up and bust my gun 
 Thuggin' and bum rush the punks 
 Runnin' a muck from dusk to dawn 
 Money for blood, stop, till they pump 
 But it walkin' off, slow 
 It show us I got nuts 
 Come to the light, then to the darkness 
 Glance at BB, baby 
 I don't give a fuck 
 I don't give a fuck 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 Ha, motherfucker. Nigga, these hoe ass niggas don't wanna see me nigga. In the motherfuckin cross section bitch. I'll bust on you bitches on the freeway motherfucka. You hoes just don't know, do you boy? I'm tellin' you boy, I'm tellin' you 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 Literally possessed, I got veins poppin' out my neck 
 With original thugs and a Lexus checklist 
 Got 'em all breathless 
 Than I suggest you'd ask magic 
 For The Rabbit's strategy, tragic when they capture me 
 When the cops search the auto anyone cop pleas, indeed 
 Hit 'em with blasphemy and they cashin in on his tragedy 
 You see, I'm sorta like Dorothy, but I'm a soldier, the wickedest witch in the west can't have me 
 Fuck the shoe, look barefoot, roll over Todo, there put 
 Put a stick in the mouth, and I might go quiet as a mouse 
 Never did lie, ready and green 
 Never so loud, quiet indeed 
 Remember the man be attend by the Ouijia 
 Yellow Brick Road was greetin the king 
 Gotta take chances 
 What?!? I'm back in Kansas 
 It was all a dream 
 Now I clack back my heels and the d-low, he-he-he seein things (Seein things) 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 Bitch (I keep on seeing things). And I spoke my mind and it liberated me motherfucker. Hell yeah. Fuck all these demons. Can't none of you hoes stop me. 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 Little Confucius, for the music 
 Wally, which get rich for the trial and now 
 Better than God devise realize you can end up bigger 
 But my niggas in the middle ballin and we won't stop 
 The foul sinnin the killin' now 
 And then nobody gets in the middle together 
 And they tell the nigga it good to be back 
 From prison but don't nobody feel him but them niggas around the globe 
 And the mission was money was gold 
 Everyone nutty when money because he was out of the gully 
 With nothin' but ugly souls better make us and touch 
 No one will touch me one wait till they ruff enough 
 Got him at last but I just corrupt 
 I don't even erupt 
 Creep on ah come up, what up 
 Trapped in a rapture the trumpets pumpin tellin' me somethin' 
 Snatch you we havin' a blast you tatterd like cattle 
 And medalion diamonds in the gallo 
 Ghettoish bastards runnin' much faster than the average asses in the shadows 
 Out of the battlefield... 
 (Bizzy Bone:) 
 I bust on you bitches on the freeway motherfucka! (It was all a...) Fuck all these demons. (It was all a...) I spoke my mind and it liberated me motherfucker. Fuck all these demons. (It was all a... dream... dream...) And I spoke my mind, hell yeah. And I spoke my mind and it liberated me motherfuckas.