Uh 
 Uh-huh uh huh uh 
 Where you from, what? 
 Where you from? 
 Work the party now 
 J-Bizzy in the place yo 
 Uh, yeah 
 You know you're Shelburne when you're standing on the block 
 You gotta walk around the corner every time you see a cop 
 You know you're Shelburne when you's thinkin' you's a star 
 But the music in your system is costin more than your car 
 You know you're Shelburne when you're thinkin' that you're cool 
 But 24 years old you'll still be stuck in high school 
 You know you're Shelburne when you listen to this song 
 You're with the same girl for years but you guys still don't get along 
 You know you're Shelburne when you're drinking ????? 
 ?????????????????????????????????????? 
 You know you're Shelburne with your shirt ????? 
 And you see me on the street you'd be like "How's it goin' pard?" 
 You know you're Shelburne when you ?????? withput a plan 
 And after each and every sentence you have to use the word 'man' 
 Now you know I understand, man 
 But if you're still up by the school buyin smokes 
 Understand that you're Shelburne 
 (Corus) 
 Shelburne's what you are when you think you's a star 
 But you still drive around by yourself in your mothers car 
 Shelburne's what you are when you think that you're nice 
 But you're the opposite, don't look twice 
 Yo, S to the L to the B U R N E 
 Yo, S to the L to the B U R N E 
 Yo 
 You know you're Shelburne when you's thinkin' that you're ?? 
 Drinkin' too much liquor, but you haven't drank enough 
 You know you're Shelburne when you're tryin' to buy some weed 
 You gotta go through seven peoples just to get what you need 
 You know you're Shelburne when your mom's gone to mingle 
 And you're dad's at the Oxbow actin' like he's single 
 You know you're Shelburne when you couldn't make a list 
 Of all the people that you know who make a living off of fish 
 You know you're Shelburne when you're out walkin' the dog 
 Wearin a massive sweatsuit from the Sears catalouge 
 You know you're Shelburne when you're out lookin' for work 
 Walkin' around still wearin that Scarlet Letter T-shirt 
 If you're from Shelburne then it goes unsaid 
 By the time the tractor's done there'll be room for ??? 
 You know you're Shelburne when you've heard of J-Bizz 
 I'm big J, I'm tellin' y'all, what more can I say? 
 Shelburne's what you are when you think you's a star 
 But you still drive around by yourself in your mothers car 
 Shelburne's what you are when you think that you're nice 
 In front of A-1 tryin' to get a slice 
 Yo, S to the L to the B U R N E 
 Yo, S to the L to the B U R N E 
 Yo 
 You know you're Shelburne when you always like to stare 
 At every car that drives by and if you don't know them then ?? 
 If you're from Shelburne then you probably got some ?? 
 In the middle of the woods and you gotsta worry 'bout the cops 
 If you're from Shelburne it don't matter if you're slower 
 But if you're driving past 12 then the cops will probably pull ya over 
 And if you're from Shelburne then they're probably gonna harrass you 
 Inseatd you're thinkin' of all the stupid questions they're gonna ask you 
 When you're from Shelburne goin' away as a kid 
 And you say where you're from they're gonna ask you what you did 
 You know you're Shelburne and you're playin' basketball 
 Thinkin' that you're Michael Jordan, only 5 feet tall 
 You know you're Shelburne when you're spittin' out your rhymes 
 Walkin' around, wearin a touque in the middle of summertime 
 Don't get me wrong 'cause I do this shit too 
 'Cause I was raised in Shelburne County where there's nothin' else to do 
 Yo, I'm Shelburne 
 Shelburne's what you are when you think you's a star 
 But you still drive around by yourself in your mothers car 
 Shelburne's what you are when you think that you're nice 
 But you're the opposite, don't look twice 
 Yo, S to the L to the B U R N E 
 Yo, S to the L to the B U R N E 
 Uh uh 
 Yo Shelburne 
 (Fades)