Rasu-(Bizzy Bone)-Intro- 
 Yeah, yeah. What's up Gambi? (What's up, lil' nigga?) This that nigga that I was tellin' you about, man (Who, this nigga here?) Yeah. (Bring this nigga to the meeting tonight) It's on. (We are gathered here today among soldiers, spiritual guiders, security enforcers, vocalists. Yeah...) 
 -Bizzy Bone-Chorus- 
 (We are...) Different personalities, soldiers at ease, at ease (I don't really want to but I'm gonna be ready for the endin') 
 -Bizzy Bone- 
 So it's on, you think you're 7th Sign material homeboy? Hell yeah. It's on. Hey, hey! Hey, hey! 
 If you want to call me, a nigga been nice, ice me up 
 The original hot boys, you're never gonna be like us (7th Sign) Hear the cop noise 
 Runnin' from the drug bust 
 Thuggish Ruggish, dope under the dumb bitch your momma wanna creep, give her a piece of this young dick 
 She always want to get it, but you was always around 
 You ready to come, bitch? It's on right now 
 Got sick to my stomach, I know she in a coffin in the parkin lot 
 I never covered another nigga's mother 
 But shit, I'm a man; I give a fuck about a fucker 
 With or without you nigga, pick my gun up 
 Shut up, dumpin' all over your body 
 The bullets was jumpin' I'm pumped as fuck here to surprise, (?) right now 
 Ain't nobody gettin' in the way, shoot everyone around me in the club and the crowd, double the crowd 
 Got these big niggas (Bitch) I'm holdin' 'em down, hoodie down, with the gangsta glare 
 We still St. Clair, niggas, up against the killas 
 Turn up the music loud 
 Big business, a nigga make money 
 Enough motivation, retaliation; Off to the ghetto 
 My niggas is on another level 
 Come young generation... 
 -H.I.T.L.A.H. Capo-Confuscious- 
 Biography of a thugged out nigga too legit to quit 
 Been hectic since day one, was wanted as a juvenile for felonious felonys, hunted by police 
 Captain in the battlefield runnin' the streets nutty 
 Who want some beef? Ain't no pussy's here 
 Hop off my extremely large dick, you know what it is 
 Confucius simply ridiculous, have these top notch hoes, panties soakin' wet 
 Horny, askin' me if I want a blowjob 
 Erotic, flip, psychotic sometimes 
 Always on the grind, mashin' by ride 
 Mafia regime clique tight 
 Join in, act up, won't come out alive 
 Take precaution, Gambini Mob Boss 
 Don't cross some sodomized bitch niggas, let that be a lesson to anybody think about testin' Numbero Seven 
 Long live the faction 
 Homie, what's set you claim? And this games very dangerous, question, is he really ready?