I got that sticky-icky... (3 x's) 
 I got that sticky-icky... blue bonic shizzle for yo grizzle nizzle... 
 Fa'shizzle. Nigga fo'sheezay! 
 (I got that sticky-icky... blue bonic chronic for yo shizzle nizzle... 
 In yo' grizzle. Nigga fo'sheezay... 
 I got that sticky-icky... blue bonic chronic for yo grizzle nizzle... 
 Fa'shizzle. Nigga fo'sheezay! 
 Ooh WEE! Nigga got that good sticky weed! Get it in a swisher, 
 Pass it to my nigga. Mothafucka better pick up a gun, you better prepare 
 Got my eyes closed, let the smoke go everywhere 
 45 on the freeway, nigga gimme le-way 
 Higher then a kite while I'm rollin' through the alley 
 Pass me a black and white, But that's my boy cause me and his kids is tight 
 And the weed is lime-green, betta catch it from a chronic seed 
 And it was callin me... oh yeah. I can't wait till this shit's in the air 
 Smoke everywhere... 
 I hail... a little bitty nigga that was sellin the rocks on the Clair 
 And the devil is here... and he wants your soul. To rot with his in hell, hell... 
 Then again they could put a nigga in jail... when I'm just tryna get by 
 But I use to sell... and now I leave it alone 'cause I'm doin' well, well... 
 I never sold out! 
 I can do what I wanna. My baby momma want money. I never hold out! 
 Hey, bitch hold up. And try to leave me all thawed-ed out 
 Man, I'ma be fucked up. No doubt! I'm blowin' up... 
 Rap and the crack, and the dice, like when I get on bracklin' 
 And it'll be the Dope Man. And that nigga sold crack 
 And crack man... humiliation to the black man, black man... 
 My momma smoke weed, my daddy smoke weed 
 Hell, we all smoke weed... 
 So I'm havin' my fun, so give me what me need, baaby 
 I like ta got up in "High Times", I even gotta dail for my nigga "0-9-9" 
 Dail for the chron, nigga, don't let the cops come 
 'Cause I'll be runnin' wit mine, like we got rock 
 Feelin' fine, and my heart's already runnin' 
 I get the drama and it's steady comin', a c'mon... 
 (Inhales) "What you wanna do?" "It's on you, way... all day everyday" hey... 
 Fuck! Gotta do shit. Got thangs to do 
 A nigga really got kids and bills, wit the crew 
 I'ma pay them nigga, you already knew-baby baller I call all my trues 
 "How does it relate to weed?" "Fuck the weed! Relate to me. The real nigga with the T.H.C. 
 And no G.H.B... these are the last days. Roll me a sweet! A-c'mon! A-c'mon! 
 I'm blowin' up... (8 x's) 
 (Chronic, chronic, chronic...) 
 I'm ready for the war... still got time to let the weed cure 
 Watch for the women with STD sores, blessed in the rhythm I got to get soar 
 And full of adrenaline... in your... mellinium... full of my drink 
 I'll be in the back wit titenium..."damn, that's the shit I'm smokin'" 
 Weed got a mothafucka thinkinn... Yeah. Up, jumped in the cab and rushed, but B can't catch the bus. I'm goin' to see my broad. And fuck y'all niggaz, I'm in love. Ain't nobody finna stop me, dawg... 
 "What's with the dreads? You might be wanting to mind ya bidness there, yellow man." 
 Man fuck you nigga! Young nigga to the hood, dawg. I got the weed and I'ma break the bread, yeah... uh... 
 On the freeway coasting like we was riding a limo. Fuck that. 
 Windows was tinted. It's me and it's like Sizzler-crush grass. 
 Till it finished, we puffed puffed and pass (give it back!) 
 And I'm still on point, I got my mind on the hour glass 
 "Ey, why the fuck you not driving fast? Hurry up, I got ass-to-mash. 
 And I'm there.