Cause I'm a keep my stones cleansed out to the Stonehenge 
 And we gon' keep it stone cold right to the bone bone 
 Won't have to baptize me already did that 
 Won't have to chastise me where is the kid at 
 Different obstacles warrants from being victimized (victimized) 
 I summarize my solutions, think restitution and realize (realize) 
 I live my life on the stage, presence of pain 
 And I'm thinking if I had fangs nobody would bother me 
 Jesus had a plan before anyone ever knew me 
 I'm regarded as a sell out, I'm a false friend, but the truth be 
 I was the one who was sold out ? and I think you know 
 I was born to sing these heavenly songs of soul 
 A fifth of my spoils, like a fifth of my crown royal 
 Loyalty bring royalty and prison over in the coil 
 Toil the soil, righteous, tightened, and never humble 
 Till the word comes and the sun still shine, hearted purple 
 Man anytime the the dawg be smoking airs precious 
 My depression don't matter His best friend the? 
 Long as it's Jesus I understand commotion 
 ? 
 This baby the ice is nice hit ya like kimbo slice 
 'Cause I'm a keep my stones cleansed out to the Stonehenge 
 And we gon' keep it stone cold right to the bone bone 
 Won't have to baptize me already did that 
 Won't have to chastise me where is the kid at 
 Footprints you making the hood price you gotta any good since 
 Now gimme the incense sense and what if I could hence ? goodness 
 Now gimme the arrow spittin' spittin' swords dead pharaohs 
 Everybody abort 
 It's only the Lord narrow rippin the courts of the terror 
 It's cool you in my ghetto 
 My niggas runnin' from po po oh no ? dead No No! 
 Hit 'em with true ammo 
 Will I get the payment they don't know what a nigga was saying 
 And now they illuminated. B B the dirt rock with a ? glock 
 Now look at the back of the dolla How dare you call I'm a psyclopse 
 ? With the slice, murder me twice 
 The price of the crossbows, crossroads and the? 
 This baby the ice is nice hit ya like kimbo slice 
 Whether we all in the nothin' I got something for the moment 
 You want it the Bone come see my Stonehenge 
 'Cause I'm a keep my stones cleansed out to the Stonehenge 
 And we gon' keep it stone cold right to the bone bone 
 Won't have to baptize me already did that 
 Won't have to chastize me where is the kid at