As time keep passin' us by in my community 
 Wathcin' the children die 
 Bitch made police, and the brutality 
 Prozac and Ritalin, that ain't what we need 
 And wonder why our children keep smokin' weed 
 (Bizzy) 
 Take a look into the gun, look at what we've become 
 Daddy don't love me, only come around the first of the month 
 Me and mommy still in the slump 
 Why don't he love us? 
 I can't even blame him 
 Cause ever since I came 
 We been stuck in the same ghetto 
 Now I'm carryin' heavy metal when times is tough 
 I don't know about ya neighborhood, but baby, mines is rough 
 Abandand buildings police searchin' all the children 
 Ain't no peace in the streets, at least not where I'm livin' 
 Kneeling to God cause Satan never gave us a chance 
 Evil never had no rhythm, man, the Devils can't dance 
 Got three pairs of pants 
 But I keep 'em all creased 
 Whether chicken or ham, we gon' use the same grease 
 Each second is a struggle, beg, borrow or hustle 
 Yeah, scufflin' money just try to stay out of trouble 
 Hell, rebel of rap music, put it on my mama! 
 And if it's gonna be gunplay, rocket launchers, grenades, and AKs! 
 As time keep passin' us by in my community 
 Wathcin' the children die 
 Bitchmade police, and the brutality 
 Prozac and Ritalin, that ain't what we need 
 And wonder why our children keep smokin' weed 
 (Bizzy) 
 Why is the broad on my back like that? 
 Don't ask me, I'm for passion, I'm smashin' on niggas, come blast me! 
 All my people tellin' me I should sing more 
 Yes! 
 Roll up a dub, smoke bud in the club 
 Free Flesh! 
 Creepin' on a come up, I'm from Cleveland, and Columbus, Ohio 
 Don't hate myself for science, and the ?? 
 Yet all these niggas gangbang 
 Somebody should tell 'em the truth 
 I'll sell 'em somethin' that'll get they heart to pumpin', 
 And help the youth! 
 Hangin' in the graveyard, everybody's playin' hard 
 Satan's on a mission to get us 
 I hope that nobody with us, and given us slave ways 
 Ruthless got us on fifty dollars a day 
 One hundred and ninety thousand I guess platinum don't pay 
 Can I please get some mo' money? 
 Somebody could buy my way cause shit the rent's due 
 Glad I got ghetto credit 
 Don't let the industry pimp you, pimp you, pimp you 
 As time keep passin' us by in my community 
 Wathcin' the children die 
 Bitch made police, and the brutality 
 Prozac and Ritalin, that ain't what we need 
 And wonder why our children keep smokin' weed 
 (Bizzy) 
 Babies born with AIDS, and with ???? they hording the vaccine 
 Black helicopter rain on em, I'm gainin' on em 
 Maintain the main thang on em, shame on em 
 But another victim died of vain for em, slain 
 Two hundred and fifty crashed in the plane 
 And the only thing that survived was the black box 
 They frame the black cops 
 Slang crack rock 
 Wannabe Hot Boyz, so he gon' make the block hot, block hot 
 They wanna see me sasquash 
 Pull out my glock, cocked, and pop pop! 
 Go to jail don't nobody send you mail 
 Hell, I'm ridin' till these wheels fall off 
 Or they can take it to the chop shop 
 Shut up, I'm shinnin' on you bustas! 
 What!? 
 Ready to hustle get your struggle on, no! 
 When you wanna double up, you keep fuckin' up! 
 Your mind's gone, time's gone, everybody's runnin' amuck 
 They say that lesbians is sick 
 But they just do wanna fuck 
 As time keep passin' us by in my community 
 Wathcin' the children die 
 Bitch made police, and the brutality 
 Prozac and Ritalin, that ain't what we need 
 And wonder why our children keep smokin' weed