(Bizzy Bone) 
 You know we gotta have a weed song! 
 Ooh 
 Well they always got a weed song, luv it when my families high 
 I know a few of you got issues 'cause evils been out to get you 
 Keep the family tight 
 Light up the reefah for a stay over, family ties 
 When I die we gon make some dolla dollas 
 Well enough to holla holla 
 Been smokin' marijuana wit my bitchez 
 Smokin' marijuana wita my mama mama 
 Livin' off cleveland ??? for life 
 Livin' off weed and vibes 
 Straight ??? niggas 
 Wit seasoned and stress givin' 'em chop ya ??? 
 Hey, Don't put it on me don't put it on me, look at me, I'm high 
 I got some money I can let the shit dry 
 If its sticky then its sticky ooh i 
 Sore eyes, she gets me let me see it up under the bar 
 Get Money!, Pass the reefer smoke it too. 
 Its Lovely!, Wake up the 1st thing that I do. 
 Get Money!, and spread it all amongst my crew. 
 Ooh 
 Get Money!, Pass the reefer smoke it too. 
 Its Lovely!, Wake up the 1st thing that I do. 
 Get Money!, Get Money!, Get Money! 
 Get Money!, Get Money! 
 (Prince Rasu) 
 Scavangers watch me all times, when I won't feel like a million bucks 
 They say ??? fuck wit me, I tie ya children up 
 Reguardless of courtcases and they charges 
 I'm bumpin off hennessey nautious, ridin' shotty in hot impalas 
 Rock a jersey, dippin like a derby, gets up ya style 
 Freak ill black 'em out laced wit the flame james brown 
 Sippin on cuppacino, like carlito and gambino 
 Schemin on a freedo big chips to whip benzino 
 Challenge I say no, obstacles gon have to get hurtled 
 Baby I'm out to collar for dollaz, niggaz I hurt you 
 Wont reimburse you, except wit shots that'll hurt you 
 Glocks that'll murk you, shoulda never crept after curfew 
 I'm untouchable, similar to scarface 
 ??? Of pacino be in yo kilos like star space 
 Enterprise on a mission to go, where no man has gone b'fo' 
 Wit clean getaways to Mexico 
 Plush rides, cuban carrots I gota find 
 Life is a gamble, roll the dice, they never lie 
 My niggaz high, splittin vegas smokin' incredible 
 Sweakin like earl manigo baby its understandable 
 I'm droppin' techs, fresh out the joint and still on a short chain 
 Nigga when I'm off ima purchase a pound 'n' blow my brain 
 (Capo Confuscious) 
 Addicted Pothead, consumin pounds of sticky, pass it around 
 Have the entire crowd lifted like cheech and chong 
 Up in smoke, blown away, gazin trippin' off shroomies 
 Hallucinatin amongst ??? settle for goofy ass 
 Ever since then drug substance straight blaze the weed 
 Contemplate money schemes, currency value increase 
 Gorillas get sorted when they see a brother flossin his brand new lexo land cruiser 
 And they still leasin a 2 door honda accord (oh lord) 
 Resident neighbours scared, terrorise the suburbs 
 Freaky parties in till 5 o clock in the mornin, early crack of dawn 
 Kick every bitch out my house, say pussy come pussy go 
 Spend quality time, faithful to mary jane 
 Lifted always stay high 
 Soon as my chronic supply run low 
 Back to the weed spot purchase sum mo, lets go 
 Get Money!, Pass the reefer smoke it too. 
 Its Lovely!, Wake up the 1st thing that I do. 
 Get Money!, and spread it all amongst my crew. 
 Ooh 
 Get Money!, Pass the reefer smoke it too. 
 Its Lovely!, Wake up the 1st thing that I do. 
 Get Money!, Get Money!, Get Money! 
 Get Money!, Get Money!