What? 
 You mean I'm ya second favorite female rapper... 
 You crazy? 
 I'm better than most niggaz... Suck my dick 
 (Verse one) 
 There ain't a bitch as ill as me 
 No bitch as real as me 
 Shit I live where the stealers, drug dealers, killers be 
 Don't give a fuck what yaw mothafuckas think of me 
 So fuckin' what, fuck a slut if she ain't feelin' me 
 If you a real bitch, than you love my shit 
 Turn out the lights get ya man and fuck to my shit 
 Ride that dick, make him eat yo shit 
 Bust ya nut ma, light a blunt to ma shit 
 I think it's some truth to that sex sells shit. 
 'Cause bitches is so pussy... niggaz is just dicks (shit) 
 I'm so sicking, 
 Don't think 'cause I smoke a lil more than alotta weed that I'm slippin 
 As long as hoes is still strippin, 
 My flow is still flippin, 
 Jewels a keep drippin 
 And imma keep comin' threw in that six wit the seats back shipment 
 Stop trippin' bitch, 'cause when I stop you lookin', 
 Its no need for the ice grill you not in Brooklyn 
 Go ahead and act fool like you really wanna step to dis 
 And imma put tha tool right between ya two breasttess 
 And ain't shit that you can say to me when you be breathless 
 Young but I done did to 
 Too much shit 
 I smoke like an O a day nothing but the DrO and Haze 
 So you know I feel no pain 
 Now I gotta go away 
 (Dude talking) 
 Remy ma 
 Offcial fuckin' beat bodier 
 Who the fuck want it? 
 Niggaz? bitchez? 
 Tha fuckin' bronx savior 
 The queen of NY 
 The games changing 
 She be on the rap for y'all bitches 
 This doobie ya heard 
 BX don't get it twisted 
 Home ofthe killers, the dealers, the bombers and Remy Martin... Rep that 
 (Verse two) 
 See I be trying not to swear to god, but I swear mothafuckas gon hear the squad 
 Y'all betta say a prospect in joe to god 
 Armageddon, tony sunshine and remy ma 
 About to take over the world alrady run the bronx 
 And if it want for P we couldn't be so bless his heart bless his soul 
 Make he reast in peace, can I get a lil moment of silence please... 
 I never let 'em see me stress 
 Don't never try to disrespect 
 Nigga I eat, shit, sleep and breath TS 
 And if I love a nigga, remy love a nigga ta death