Seems crazy 'cause people be thinkin' that I be changin, but its really them that be changin, yo 
 I remember the day, I first signed my record deal with ?? everythign was so good everyone was so proud 
 I was so very happy, still with my baby daddy 
 Livin' with my granny, but we was all family 
 It's like wen the tour begin, that's wen the war begin... you would be flippin, rippin soon as I'm walkin' in 
 And I'm so sleepy, could barely stay awake, you don't understand I been in the studio for six weeks 
 Straight till 4 in the mornin tryina finish these songs 
 N all you wanna talk about is how many times you was callin 
 N I'm always lyin', it's never the truth it never crossed ur mind that I couldve been in the booth 
 Tryina hurry up 'n' get back home to u, tryina get these cheues so we could get out the?? 
 I wasn't thinkin' 'bout no niggas, wasn't thinkin' bout sex... tryina do this show so I could get this dough 
 All I was thinkin' was I gott finish remy on the rocks n I'm not tryina flop so it gotta be hot 
 Everybody on my back sayin' hurry up 'n' drop so I'm askin u, wut I'm suppose to do? 
 Listen y'all, I know it seem like I be dissin y'all 
 I'm jus tryina reach my goals and remain focused but 
 Ain't shit changed, naw, I'm still the same 
 So wish me well 
 Sometimes I might scream and yell 
 But even people with a fan base have bad days but 
 Ain't shit changed, for real, I'm still the same 
 You was the only child until I came 
 See we was ?? wild back in the days 
 I was scared to have a boyfriend 'cause you would beat him up 
 We'd eat cereal together, watch cartoons wen we got up 
 So I couldn't believe that you flipped on me right in the streets for a bitch so weak that ain't got shit but 
 A fucked up weave n 
 I'm your blood, your little sister, I started to cry sed it must be the liquor 
 See I almost died wen you took sides with her 'n' jus left me there like I was nobody n u really ain't care 
 Sed you would die for me, how you ain't gon ride for me, how you see me on the block and don't say hi to me 
 It's all love now, n it's all done now, but you never took the time to appologize to me 
 It may be hard to see, but it bothers me ... I know you ain't gon let nobody do no harm to me 
 But you can't be actin' like you fathered me... so I'm askin u, wut I'm suppose to do? 
 Mommy you was the one that made me but you didn't raise me 
 U left me all alone I had to home my own 
 But now I'm all grown 'n' far away from home 
 I know you love me but you did me wrong 
 I guess it was all the drugs that you was on or the beatings you got from my foul step popps 
 Remember the time his punk ass had his nerve to raise his hands to me bitch nigga blackin my eye 
 I was wishin he would die but now I wish him life 
 I know he seein me blowin' and its killin' him slowly but what kills me is that you watched him hit me, so I'm 
 Askin you, wut I'm suppose to do?