We just gettin' started 
 Count it off like this 
 One two three IV 
 Intelligent rhymes with original styles 
 We get mister J, Braille, and Manchild here 
 If you wanna know the real deal then here we go 
 ?? 
 Beein' me don't amount to the lost 
 You see me ?? and my flaws 
 ?? 
 ?? Into the deep sea breathin ?? 
 Inhaling a frost a cold summer's a cost 
 ?? I'm lost with no compass or cause 
 An effect ?? to pause and reflect for a moment 
 (Taught?) to respect the atonement 
 I only walk these steps as a grown man 
 Where talk is a weapon that holds me 
 I fought with this lesson with no hands 
 Trying to now my savior 
 It's a risk when you risk to die in a ?? Asia 
 It's a ?? 
 The face of our children 
 The chase for the safety in buildings that make it so yielding 
 Is never an option but willing to ?? 
 ?? 
 Put it on the line like rhymes that we write 
 With a pad and pen before we spit it on the mike 
 Add it up for ?? and got the information put in to the book 
 A snooker to the lie for every ?? hook line and sinking in 
 Kids check it out and turn the pages until they think again 
 ?? Read it in between the hash marks convert it into cliff notes 
 Accelerate the fast starts 
 ?? The plan B before you move past freedom ?? even start to understand me 
 Telling me when you may freeze 
 Before you weave that reasoning into the fabric of the grand scheme 
 ?? Overcomposition at large points to the Heavens identify who's in charge 
 Bar none hard rocks 
 Ladies with ?? 
 ?? 
 Call it what you want from big dreams to far flung 
 It don't stop till the wars won 
 Hey DJ Idol can I get an introduction 
 Comon man let's do this 
 I want to rock right now 
 Do the mathematics, algebra and calculus, 
 I counted the cost, accounted for the counterfeit 
 When I encountered it, stood my ground and the coward quit 
 'Cause he's powerless, so many challenges exist 
 Calculate the catalyst, cause and effect 
 From catastrophic events, we gotta catapult past it 
 Cast away doubt, it returns sevenfold, tell them "get out" 
 This is my temple, my house, take control of your body 
 Reject the venom, yo their bugging out, better grab the insect repellent 
 My rebellion, rocking the bells from Belgium 
 To Bella Bella to Boston and back to Bellingham 
 The mailman playing my role, no more John Stockton 
 I'm Karl Malone, slamming it home on microphones 
 I'm in the zone, lyrics and poems 
 Flow through my chromosomes and penetrate domes 
 I wanna rock right now, come on 
 It's been a long road driven by purpose 
 And I know it's worth it 
 I wanna rock right now, come on 
 I added it up and I counted the cost 
 I understand the risk, I'm gonna carry my cross 
 Do it like this 
 Before you make your move calculate the risk