Woman> Welcome to Weapon Aid. Today's special is 
 Broken into many parts. It's served with a side of disappointment and garnished with anxiety. Although it seems like a heavy meal dessert will be much lighter. Please excuse my messy outward appearance but I assure you that this waitress is beautiful on the inside. 
 Braille> It's called Weapon Aid 
 For real 
 Buy the record 
 It's based on the title based on the cover take a risk 
 We're sick 
 Let's get real 
 (?) 
 By the way, get well soon. Right? 
 You're sick. Get well soon, man 
 Hope that thing clears up cause that is nasty 
 You been walking around carrying that? 
 Grab your [?] I'm cold blooded beast 
 When I utter my speech so better beats for the most gutter streets 
 To the most luxurious I flow fast and furious The four cast is frigid 
 Freestyle a written 
 I'm a riot when I rip it [?] 
 Rippin on the rhythm 
 I don't rhyme about the frivolous forget about it 
 Authentic sugar plums plummet 
 Passion in my voice because it comes from the stomach 
 So what you feed on is the type of tick you beat on 
 Fake frought a phenom, wake up dream on 
 I stay and hide a man 
 You know China Japan 
 'Cause I light up the jam 
 No magic tricks or slight of the hand 
 Braile briz gonna sail ta Brazile 
 Get well soon the kids ill 
 I'm taking off write me a card 
 When I return I'm coming back on a lightening rod 
 We gotta get well soon 
 'Cause we're all so sick 
 Get well soon 
 I'm under the weather 
 Whether the storm trying to get better 
 Waitin till the weather is warm but will it ever 
 Change if I don't 
 Change if all I do is complain 
 Then it stays the same 
 And I can't stay here lets make that clear 
 I don't want next year to be like last year 
 I don't want to feel like I'm always trapped here 
 It's bigger than my record sales and rap career 
 Rap with me 
 What if I snap like bear traps 
 You feel that like gorilla slaps on bare backs 
 Embarrass my enemies expose the pharisees 
 Givem a taste of their own disease 
 And they don't like that when animals attack 
 Who gave the prisoners cannon balls and [?] 
 Who's the real ones and who's the rats? 
 It's hard to tell cause the sickness is so easy to catch 
 I hope it's not contagious 
 Somebody call me a doctor 
 I hope it's not contagious 
 If it is then you got it 
 Lord please won't you heal me 
 Open my eyes reveal the real me 
 Help me see help me be healthy and free