Right, [?] 
 Don't gimmee that look 
 Hold up hold up 
 You guys ready? 
 There's really nothing left to say 
 You gonna do what you gonna do 
 Live how you wanna live 
 We go mmm when it tastes good 
 Yo when it sounds hot 
 You waistin my time so I'm pointin at the clock 
 It's all I got to do you know exactly what I mean 
 Must a been [?] 
 You steal things [?] 
 A bell is it over your head? Ding a ling 
 Is it me or do you see it to? 
 I don't play games I watch DVD's on my ps2 
 If you were in my shoes you would be stressed to 
 You would break down and maybe break through press through 
 Yes you gotta choose for yourself 
 I don't do the right thing 'cause I have to I do it 'cause I want to 
 Walls I walk through barriers [?] 
 I don't care if I'm number one 
 Don't care if I'm top two 
 My brain is a mess probly looks like chop sue 
 [?] Ain't nothing about this life is easy 
 I speak with my hands and use them for grindin 
 Write with my eyes closed music for blind men 
 Fight with my hands tied kicking and screaming 
 Live through a nightmare but keep on dreaming 
 I'd rather get the silent treatment 
 Then have hateful words spark a violent sequence 
 I'm not talking 'bout the past 
 Yo these thoughts are recent 
 I figured it was time to release them 
 I get the last word in 
 Sign online type my password in 
 Update my status on the social network 
 Rock to the beat that's making you neck jerk 
 Grind hardcore from my nine to fivers 
 Morning and night [?] another all nighter 
 I get rushed and attacked like a bullfighter 
 Soul survivor I don't let go I hold tighter 
 Westsider hear the story from both sides 
 Before you decide the enemy seeks to divide 
 Wolf in sheep's clothes its only a disguise 
 You gotta speak up yo I can't read your mind 
 I can't waste this life I don't got nine 
 I'm not feline I feed lines 
 Into the veins that's a I V rhyme 
 Same mind frame in a different time 
 I get surprised when the plans change 
 It's bananas and [?] 
 But I can't panic I got ta maintain 
 They lookin' at me 
 Like I lost my mind or I'm totally insane 
 They probably right it's my problem though 
 God is sovereign so I'm standing on a solid rock 
 Rollin' down the block knowing 
 After the storm comes the rainbow with a pile of gold