I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I XXX on a soul train in downtown Philly 
 Sat back in my seat and soaked in the city 
 Fell asleep and then the train stopped running 
 So I walked the streets until the sun rose again 
 It was unfamiliar territory abandon and a few cars driving by 
 And people on the corner standing 
 They didn't acknowledge me so I did the same back 
 Plus it was so dark I tried to stay on track 
 Following the street lights so I can see ahead of me 
 Avoiding the dark alleys and probably pass them plenty 
 Where situation could have been deadly 
 But I wasn't a treat to no one just moving alone steady 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I had no clock so time was a guessing game 
 I want to go where? nobody knows my name 
 XXX XXX's fighting... I wonder who will win 
 I'll check the results tomorrow on channel 10 
 I saw this girl who looked like a supermodel 
 XXX on a runway she's running away 
 Standing in one place a car pulled beside her 
 We made eye contact, but neither of us smiled 
 It started raining 
 I've tried to block it out in my mind in the sky with some dark clouds 
 And then I recognize how I miss being home 
 But even there is no different than this 
 Surrounded by things that I can't change 
 Or maybe I could? if I wasn't searching for the next train 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I was just walking talking to myself 
 Somebody asked for change? I didn't hesitate to help 
 Reached in my pocket... but there was nothing there 
 He looked at me as if I didn't really care 
 I just kept moving? the city seemed so alive, but I felt so dead inside 
 So I figured I was hungry? now I'm asking for change 
 Sometimes we're so different then we become the same 
 The city moved faster as the sun started to rise 
 I wasn't tired or hungry... just wanted to catch a ride 
 But at this point I was lost and confused and I didn't wanted 
 To leave 'cause that's what I always do 
 Never around to do something significant 
 Just watching from the distance and soaking it in 
 And that's why I'm always getting on a train 
 But this time I won't ever be the same... 
 I wish I could make your problems go away, but I can't even do that with my own 
 So that's why I'm getting on a train... searching for a place called home 
 I wish I could make your problems go away, but I can't even do that with my own 
 I think this time I'm going to stay and pour out what I've soaked in. 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out 
 I've soaked it all in, now I want to pour it out