These day they put rhymes on everything 
 Rhymes on TV commercials 
 Rhymes on comedy sketches 
 It's like a rhyme don't mean nothing no more 
 I put rhymes on everything 
 Rhyme pages everywhere 
 Nothing's off limits 
 I rhyme about everything 
 They say one dimensional 
 Pay more attention though 
 Every line is intentional and what I wrote 
 It's not a gimmick to get more records sold 
 If that was the case I woulda quit a long time ago 
 I'm still here 
 Shining glow whenever the father let's me 
 Cut my hair off, 'cause I was looking kinda sketchy 
 I could rhyme about fashion the clothes in my closet 
 Or rhyme about the cash in my wallet 
 I could write a song about the gas prices 
 Or conspiracy theories on that healthcare crisis 
 Politics build the food pyramids and choose profits over people 
 We don't die because we starve 
 We die because we eat 
 They say it's self inflicted 
 So the ones getting burned are the ones taking the heat 
 We get rhymes on everything 
 Most the time it don't mean anything 
 So, I don't hold back anything anymore 
 Always give my everything 
 We get rhymes on everything 
 Most the time it don't mean anything 
 So, I don't hold back anything anymore 
 I put rhymes on everything 
 Sharpie and a notebook I'm leaving my mark 
 Had to lock the flow making words rhyme is the easy part 
 Speak my peace and let my peace speak like graffiti art 
 And give you a peace of my heart 
 When I rip the beat up on loud 
 (?) 
 I work with [?] before the power song 
 Not it's on and my mike sounds nice 
 Blame it on the [?] 
 Extra effort to make it my best record 
 You can hear my pain and flesh 
 In every bar and measure 
 I'm far from a super star 
 Not a household name 
 But, I'm known for writing rhymes so I fan the flame 
 Family man many plans came but I'm still alive 
 After the famine came 
 And I still got passion 
 Not for the spotlight 
 But, if the beats hot I'll write a rhyme right on the spot 
 I'm not new to this 
 Check my track record I worked with [?] 
 Before you heard him on that plat record 
 Haven't made a [?] yet 
 Haven't made a [?] record 
 If I start slaking it's a [?] that's my last record 
 And now I'm rocking with that optimist 
 I know God is in control no matter how dark it gets 
 Some of this songs on the radio are [?] 
 They are not my nemesis they see my own blemishes and imperfections 
 My heart was [?] redemption resonates 
 Jesus saves he came to set my record straight 
 Now my payment ship is for the benefit of everybody 
 (?) 
 So, turn the beat up 
 Till the speakers blow out 
 Thorns in my side [?] 
 I be writing rhymes till the day that I role out 
 Until the day that I role out