Now won't you chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga (x4) 
 I know you hear this train comin', 
 Rumblin' down the track 
 Don't miss out on this pimpin' shawty, 
 It ain't comin' back 
 I'm steam rollin', no controllin' while I'm whippin' 
 Smoke, stackin' still crackin' while I'm switchin'...gears 
 It makes it hard to hear wit 15s in the caboose 
 I'm more southern than Norfolk, bitch that's why they love what I do 
 Caution... Danger 
 When I'm on my shit, there ain't no slowin' down 
 Pickin' up the loners that's horny whenever I'm in town 
 Yellow-bellies, them Cocoa Browns 
 They love to give me that 
 Choo-choo choo-choo sound 
 I toot my horn to all them haters mumblin' 
 'Cause I know they hear that train comin' 
 (Yeah bitch!) 
 I know you hear this train comin' ... Ahaaa! 
 You know you want to ride on my locomotive 
 And I'll beat (?) the brakes off the train till you can't control it 
 Now won't you chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga (x4) 
 I know you hear this train comin' 
 You best grab your bags 
 Don't worry 'bout your partners and them, just bring yo' ass 
 Now let me break it down... before we go 
 Don't hold back what the good Lord gave you... 
 Let it show 
 Now all aboard for all of those that claim they down to get it 
 I advise you to exit right now if you ain't down wit it 
 Really I'm just tryna free yo' mind from its prison 
 I'll show you how to get off if you just listen 
 You'll never want to leave here if you just visit 
 Plus ain't no more cars comin' and time is tickin' 
 Yo' homegirl just aite ... I'm kinda picky 
 But you a boomin' business 
 I hope she got a ticket 
 I know you hear this train comin' 
 (Yeah bitch!) 
 I know you hear this train comin' ... Ahaaa! 
 You know you want to ride on my locomotive 
 And I'll beat (?) the brakes off the train till you can't control it 
 Now won't you chugga chugga chugga chugga chugga (x4) 
 "All aboard! Aw you the last one?.. Let me see yo' ticket... Where you tryna go now?.. I don't think this gone get ya there... Yeah, I could take you though, if you really wanna go there... You gotta be just my type shawty..."