(Napoleon (Benzino)) 
 Don't worry soulja (Made 
 Men, 
 Outlawz) 
 Yo, pain ain't nothin' but a part of the game 
 They got us real fucked up 
 Ain't nothin' but a part of the game, deal wit it [Napoleon] 
 Life -- is a hustle, I got my .45 waitin to bubble I lost a lot of my loved ones to the struggle 
 It's like I'm holdin' back my breath through a muzzle 
 It's like I got one more piece to complete the puzzle 
 You only got one chance 'cause I don't love you 
 And I'll be boned if I cock back and slug you 
 For all my dead niggas, that's above you 
 It's like a feud, my family ain't around they done 
 And if I lose one more soulja I'ma drown someone 
 Who 
 Makaveli? I give you eight to ya belly 
 For 
 Killa 
 Khadafi, please tell the cops to stop me 
 My brother 
 Seeky, I'ma ride all night for ya 
 This to my main man comin' from a 
 Made nigga 
 And do the same for 
 Gustafa and 
 Big 
 Mike soulja I feel your pain, hold ya head, let's get paid nigga [Benzino] 
 And anytime you wanna talk about the situation, involve me 
 Yo hear my number 
 Polly, call me I understand just what your goin' through I lost niggas too... I shed tears too... I can't cry no more, yo 
 Tony what'chu die for? 
 Three strike 915 is what I ride for 
 You and 
 Roc hold it down, we aight (we aight) I think I live this long, 'cause I live by the gun 
 We with the 
 Outlawz, sippin 
 Henny all night 
 Been goin' through that shit since day one 
 But that's the question, I know my life is dee-per so feel me 
 Cheated death many times when niggas tryed to kill me [Chorus - 
 Young 
 Noble] I feel yo' pain! - 
 Sick torment till he's guarded 
 Keep us caged like dogs, go to shit in the yard 
 The only thing that's fucked up, we can't change this shit I feel yo' pain! - 
 Drownin in the rain and shit I feel yo' pain! - 
 Nigga yo I'm just like them I feel yo' pain! - 
 Speak it to ya straight from the heart 
 When I was broke on the block I had clips like them 
 No matter what you come across you gotta live, get lost [Kastro] 
 Ain't nothin' to fear in this love affair, when shared with the streets I'm in deep losin all kinds of sleep 
 Ain't no love, so my eyes don't blink 
 And I'm so shell-shocked I need to see a shrink 
 It stink, stinks so much I can't think 
 And chase my liqour with a bad temper 
 And when it hurts too bad, I numb it up with a drink 
 Too fuckin' blind for the big picture 
 Shit, ain't nobody to blame, can't nobody complain 
 Losin my mind, it's just a sign of the times, and when my loved ones go, part of my insides dying wit 'em 
 Can you feel my pain? [E.D.I.] 
 Would you look into my world and tell me what you see now? 
 Fuckin' with 
 Devils shit I'm tryna stay righteous 
 Nothing but emptiness, 
 God replinish this 
 Losin my love I ain't felt pain like this I fuck around lost the one thing priceless 
 Start of this motherfuckin game wasn't nice shit 
 Cars and broads won't do, dawg'll slice shit I'm just passin the time until my number hit 
 Fuck it I'll run wit it, until I feel I'm done wit it 
 Stack up the ones and let my sons come up rich 
 Clutchin a piece of the past, I move on 
 Using this pain to keep a nigga strong [Chorus - 
 Young 
 Noble 2x] I feel it...