*Featuring Raekwon 
 Cormega 
 Superb [Superb] Aiyyo 
 This a perv 
 Yo [Cormega] Yo 
 Son there's bitches in there? [Raekwon] Yeah 
 Yeah 
 The coaches 
 Aiight then [Hook: Superb] Jump up in the party like (what!) Where my niggas at? (what!) Where my bitches at? (what!) Bartender where the liquor at? [Raekwon] Aiyyo 
 Seven thick ribs nigga 
 Check out my man He got braids and with bread break ape on your grave We from the gutta niggas 
 Chest sputta what up Fuckin' with us or get you cut up 
 Matta fact get'cha mutha 'Cause I ain't fo real fo real 
 Don't play games and I'm ill I'm just a business man who love getting niggas killed Smell my satiate smell keys 
 That shit's like deodorant 
 Daddy I like maglees for other reasons Run with niggas that love paper We let the youngest niggas get rich and mow them like makeup You can lex 'Zino and Benzino together That's priceless to put our pay together 
 Niggas by Lexus Straight out the ghetto niggas is pussy To even fuck with us that'll be the day a white nigga mush me Straight up 
 Two-thousand is mine Heavy lines 
 Heavy guns 
 Big-ass Chevy's 
 We make niggas shine [Hook: Superb] Jump up in the party like (what!) Where my niggas at? (what!) Where my bitches at? (what!) Bartender where the liquor at? Jump up in the party like (what!) Where my niggas at? (what!) [Benzino] Black shells 
 Scuba style 
 Sonar 
 I go deep Rip lungs outta jaws 
 Flawless 
 I don't sleep The fast and furious 
 Yokohama twin jets Black and white bagettes 
 I'm duckin feds Hydro-plane 
 Hydro-foil blow hydro Smooth gotho 
 Ray 
 Its aiight I got those I got this 
 Son I spotless Frozen watches 
 Belts wit the notches Bitches topless 
 Three-way manages 
 Motorola holder Break bread with Motola 
 Take advice colder (aiight!) Kedar knock-areano 
 Motown soldier I thought I told ya lil' double Ray'll ghost ya Double row 
 Parvin 
 Three-sixty rubber band Ice me Apalla then three shave frozen hand Dark shadow 
 My shit gleam in the shade Watch 'Zino flow 
 Fuck the Macy's parade [Hook 2x: Superb] Jump up in the party like (what!) Where my niggas at? (what!) Where my bitches at? (what!) Bartender where the liquor at? [Cormega] Yo 
 Broke far from it 
 Coke 
 Sold a lot of it Flow off the meter 
 Let me know if y'all want it Son 
 The life of problems and guns 
 So silence her 
 Son Bugs Bunny Icebergs and Air Force One's I paint a picture listen up you become part of the song When I slow my first young a new saga begun Unaware 
 I would become a nemesis for livin' in this Drug dealin' life 
 Smoked niggas and bitches with plugs Never been a snitch 
 I'm not built like that I'm real 
 That's why we not feelin' you like that I'm the ghetto manifested in words When I die 
 Niggas'll point a valuable lesson I learn Whether OG or adolescent in the presence ashurn OT or O-key handlin birds Like Dominique I feel I deserve respect I earn Mega is a word we all protect with words 
 Holla [Hook 2x: Superb] Jump up in the party like (what!) Where my niggas at? (what!) Where my bitches at? (what!) Bartender where the liquor at?