In my city, that's where God belongs 
 In my city, cause He run it anyway, He run it 
 Look, Psalms 14 uno, you know 
 He says in his heart God don't exist, fool though 
 Who created the stars, planets like ours 
 Pluto and Mars, you need the proof? though the truth is so in the art 
 This the living God that I serve 
 Made everything in a minute with a single word 
 Even taking care of the bees and even the birds cause the truth is taking care of the people who read the Word 
 Don't chu see our sin brought a curse 
 Christ redeemed us 
 Now I know my prayers worked since we believe He interceded 
 We are soldiers, an army, our sergeant is He 
 Our weapons are not carnal, Yo we start on our knees 
 We are a movement of the young on fire and we zealous 
 For the honor of our Father that's in heaven 
 Bring Him in- 
 -My city...! that's where God belongs 
 In my city...! 'cause He run it anyway, He run it 
 In my city...! that's where God belongs 
 In my city...! 'cause He run it anyway, He run it 
 God I'm so unashamed 
 This world thinks we insane 
 'Cause we be livin' like in this life it's about Christ and to die is gain 
 We de-nying the fame, don't retire we aim 
 Till our last breath to go and confess the Messiah's name 
 So thy kingdom come, will be done 
 In our city till we see him in the Holy One 
 New York, New York 
 That's where the homie from 
 But I know I can't be the only one 
 Any believers in here show me some 
 Getcha hands up for the only Son 
 Fought death, beat it, now you know we can defeat it, go and read it and we already know we've won 
 There's power in your people 
 We're gathered just to come seek ya 
 Then ask for your forgiveness 
 Admittin we truly need ya 
 Takin' the Gospel to the ends of the earth 
 Searchin for hearts, but first, I think we gon start right in- 
 -My city...! that's where God belongs 
 In my city...! 'cause He run it anyway, He run it 
 In my city...! that's where God belongs 
 In my city...! 'cause He run it anyway, He run it 
 So Father, teach us how to pray 
 Not just ramble off with a wish list 
 Make us still and listen 
 Give us holy ambitions 
 We're called and commissioned 
 Your work here isn't finished 
 While we're living then we'll never ever fit in, misfits 
 Blessin those who hate us 
 Praise you in our reflection 
 The way they see us love one another is our distinction 
 They take you off our dollars and out the Pledge of Allegiance 
 But they'll never take praise off the mouth of believers in- 
 -My city...! that's where God belongs 
 In my city...! 'cause He run it anyway, he run it 
 In my city...! that's where God belongs 
 In my city...! 'Cause he run it anyway, he run it 
 In my city...! He run it, He, He, He run it 
 He run it, He, He, He run it 
 He run it, He, He, He run it 
 In my city 
 In my city He run it, He, He, He run 
 Cause He run it anyway, He run it