How to begin, can I be honest? 
 It took a while just to write this, well here it is. 
 I needed courage just to grab the pen, 
 Same weapon you affected me with when I used to recite this, 
 That's my word, so ironic, 
 How these phonics are made of frequency waves that can stir, 
 Oceans of emotions and invoke them old things 
 I need composure just to compose them. 
 Digging up memories I tried to bury, 
 Unlocking tombs that I bolted 
 And I don't know if you'll ever hear me, 
 But I got salt in my wounds from the tears that resulted. 
 Every hurt shows we're mortal, 
 And every scar has a story, every story has a moral, 
 Every memory's a portal to the past pain 
 And most of the time is caused by somebody with your last name. 
 Like a car running into a brick wall, 
 Is how your words crashed into my heart 
 What was so minor to you was so major to me 
 And all I'll wait for is words like "sorry", "forgive me" 
 I'm still bleeding, I'm still bleeding, 
 I'm still bleeding, I'm still bleeding. 
 The same tongue that you used to say you love me 
 Was being shoved in somebody else's mouth, 
 Don't you touch me, I'm disgusted. 
 You should've just told me that you lust me, 
 Trust fell out from underneath me, 
 And the walls from the house we built fell down and then crushed me. 
 Walking on stilts, losing my balance, 
 Your words are so filthy, I don't even know the damage 
 God used words to create this planet so be careful with 'em. 
 It isn't even really what you said, is what you didn't 
 I left text and voice mails, you acting like you missed them, 
 I got confirmation they delivered, 
 You spoke in silence, you just go and stay quiet like I ain't existed 
 Well, look at how things shifted at first you blew kisses now you want some more slickness 
 And I ain't even got it inside me to give forgiveness 
 I gotta find it at the place where he said it's finished. 
 Yeah, you tried to kill me with your words, 
 But now I used words to make a living 
 With the DJ oh how the tables turn, 
 So I'm a use mine to point people to the Savior, 
 The one who speak life to the dead and they wake up, 
 Stick and stones may break some bones 
 And some words scar forever, your heart forever. 
 Make it hard to get up, hurt people hurt people 
 See you were just bleeding and you wanted me to bleed too. 
 Like a car running into a brick wall, 
 Is how your words crashed into my heart 
 What was so minor to you was so major to me 
 And all I'll wait for is words like "sorry", "forgive me" 
 I'm still bleeding, I'm still bleeding, 
 I'm still bleeding, I'm still bleeding.