(Verse 1 - Andy Mineo) 
 Momma praying for me, Grandma praying for me 
 Satan preying on me, Jesus waiting on me 
 'Cause I've been straddling the fence, it's time to make decisions 
 I've been thinking 'bout heaven lately, don't think I'll get in 
 'Cause I've been going back and forth, I love the way I'm living 
 But I hate it at the same time 'cause I know I'm sinning 
 And I don't want to be like them hypocritical Christians 
 So I stay away from Jesus completely till I'm ready to give him 
 Everything, but that seems like it'll never happen 
 My girl comin' over later, you know what's about to happen 
 Then after some smashing I'm sitting there asking 
 If eternity in hell is worth some moments of this satisfaction 
 Man I'm so back and forth! 
 (Chorus - Krizz Kaliko) 
 Back and forth like a tug of war 
 'Cause I've been fighting for my life like, tryna get my life right 
 And I really want more, and I don't know 
 Back and forth like a tug of war 
 And I've been fighting for control, and fighting for my soul and this is war 
 Tug of war 
 (Verse 2 - Andy Mineo) 
 I've got two choices, both require pain 
 One's the pain of change or the pain of staying the same 
 One of them leads to joy, other one leads to shame 
 One of them leads to freedom, the other keeps me in chains 
 I wear a cross and give you thanks for my blessings! Ain't that enough? 
 Why you want everything? Can't you leave this part of my life untouched? 
 I thought following you meant I only had to say yes once! 
 Now every day I wake up you give me some cross to take up! 
 You really want me to break up with my girl? Now that's too much 
 I know what's best for me! You don't understand my complexities! 
 See I gotta make a living so don't ask where my checks come from! I hear you talking, I ain't gone numb 
 I know I'm in the dark and I gotta find my way to the Son, 'cause he callin' on my name and I know I can't run 
 But I feel so back and forth ... 
 (Chorus - Krizz Kaliko) 
 Back and forth like a tug of war 
 'Cause I've been fighting for my life like, tryna get my life right 
 And I really want more, and I don't know 
 Back and forth like a tug of war 
 And I've been fighting for control, and fighting for my soul and this is war 
 Tug of war 
 (Verse 3 - Andy Mineo) 
 A trail of broken hearts, a man full of regrets 
 The thrill has left, the empty promises of sin sets 
 You wanna put treasure inside my hands, but you cease 
 'Cause they're clamped, holding on the sins I won't release 
 I don't know how to start loving you, and stop doing what I'm doing 
 If I gain you, tell me what I'm really losing 
 You have to change me; in my sin I'd never choose him 
 My heart needs to see something greater than what I'm pursuing 
 So, is it true that you give rest to the weary? 
 Can you accept and repair me? Do you hear me? 
 It's so clear and now it's painfully apparent 
 That I can't have my sin and my Savior, they're not for sharing 
 Anything that I lose to follow you is not a loss 
 My girlfriend, my friends, my money, even my job 
 But sometimes I believe the lie 
 That God don't provide for his child when they obey, that's so cray 
 He callin' me to freedom, I think that it's time to walk 
 I don't see every step but the next is out of the dark 
 I'm the filthiest of them all, but I'm yours if you wash me 
 From that sin, by the blood of that cross! I'm yours ...