Nobody told me you could die like this 
 Nobody told me you could die from bliss, yeah 
 Nobody told me, nobody told me 
 We never ever saw it comin', no, no 
 Live it up, live it up 
 Nobody ever told us we could die like this 
 Live it up, live it up 
 Nobody ever told us, we never saw it comin', no 
 Live it up, live it up 
 Nobody ever told us we could die like this 
 Live it up, live it up 
 Corrupted by the comfort we (love, love) 
 God prepare me for the war 
 Comfort be the thing that'll make a king fall 
 Eyes on the Lord, gotta grip that blade of the sword 
 Tell me how you plan on gettin' swole if you don't ever get sore (hold up) 
 They say, "Andy, this ain't music for your core" 
 If they jumpin' ship now, they was never on board 
 I got enemies, man they wanna see me on the floor 
 I got frenemies, couldn't even tell you who they are 
 If you're not driven by the mission, you'll be driven by the cars 
 Focused on what you been gettin' more than becomin' who you are 
 I tried to point 'em to the Son, but why they callin' me a star? 
 Who woulda thought we set they minds free with these bars? 
 In this game, in this biz 
 Want the fame, want get rich 
 Comfort, everybody wantin' it 
 Never knew I could be lost in this 
 This my sophomore, gotta go hard 
 When the show over, no encore 
 I got enough but I want more, want more! 
 Nobody told me you die like this 
 Nobody told me you could die from bliss, yeah 
 Nobody told me, nobody told me 
 We never ever saw it comin' 
 My own people owned people, but they don't own that 
 They say racism dead, man our president is black 
 Two terms in the White House, that don't mean jack 
 If we still believe our present ain't affected by our past 
 First class with a coach bag, I forgot 
 When you start eatin' you lose your hunger then grow fat 
 I apologize for Christians with pickets sayin', "God hates fags" 
 I promise Jesus wouldn't act like that 
 He said it's hard for a rich man to get to heaven 
 When we feel like we don't need God, then we forget Him 
 We tell 'em that, "If you don't make me money or make me happy 
 Then I ain't makin' time for ya', so make it snappy" 
 And I think lately you mistake me for a cabby 
 Cause this drive that I got put everybody in the backseat 
 So if you wanna live a comfortable life 
 Make sure you never love nobody, be selfish and never sacrifice 
 We got legal weed that'll keep us high 
 'Round the world other people die 
 Where on earth is my wi-fi? 
 Our stomachs full and our pockets fat 
 I need love, there's a site for that 
 I had more when I had less 
 I think I got too comfortable, yeah 
 I think I got too comfortable 
 I think I got too comfortable, yeah 
 I think I got, I know I got 
 I think I got too comfortable 
 I know I got, I think I got 
 I know I got, a little too comfortable 
 'Scuse me, sorry. Uh, sorry. 'Scuse me, comin' through. Sorry, 'scuse me. No, it's cool 
 The next stop is... 
 Uptown!