I said I'm doing donuts in my black Toyota. 
 Reppin' for my city just in case they didn't know us. 
 I ain't want to brag and I hate to say I told ya but we did it again. 
 Living it up, we back mofucka we in this. 
 Yours truly nigga, mind ya business. 
 And I don't rock no fancy clothes, it doesn't spark my interest. 
 I'm more like the type of person to rock the dirtiest 
 But have the cutest girl in the spot. 
 Real talk, what's money if you got no soul? 
 What's a man with no goals? Homie, I don't know. 
 These niggas is acting phony, always calling me homie 
 But eventually they true colors all gon' show. 
 It don't take much, I'm swifter than Picasso with a paint brush. 
 Hammer with the flows, it's that MC that you can't touch. 
 Wait up, look at these niggas that stay hating. 
 We making moves, taking no breaks and no vacations. 
 Not a dollar in my pocket, made three albums 
 Off a hundred dollar microphone, recording in my closet. 
 Never made excuses man, we just went out and got it. 
 No stopping if they talking, I guarantee we're the topic, nigga what. 
 Fuck what they say, them niggas talk too much. 
 I ain't tripping though, 'cause ain't nothing different. 
 Nothing different, I ain't tripping, niggas talk too much. 
 Fuck what they say. Fuck you too if you don't fuck with us. 
 Listen, this wise man speak and I'm soaking up game. 
 Niggas talking 'bout me, I hope they choke on my name. 
 I'm focused on winning. Y'all niggas is focused on women. 
 No game, the most that you can do is hope that you get it. 
 See I don't even need to chase it, 
 'Cause what you need to understand is 
 When you chase success the women come along with it. 
 Don't stress the kid, it's that young attention deficit. 
 Never had much, but yo I always made the best of it. 
 The big question is, you ready or not? 
 'Cause even if you ain't I promise you we never gon stop letting 'em talk. 
 My girl has more fans than you niggas. 
 'Bout the peace but yo she might get a hand of you niggas. 
 Nah I'm playing, but really I feel bad for you niggas. 
 Couldn't bless the mic even if Jesus handed it to ya. 
 Back with a vengeance for all you niggas asking the questions. 
 I got one answer: I'm the future, past, and the present. 
 But I always give thanks to the one up above. 
 Peace to my family and all the people showing me love. 
 Making moves, burning rubber, you can smell the aroma. 
 Doing donuts in my black Toyota motherfucker, what's up? 
 Fuck what they say, them niggas talk too much. 
 I ain't tripping though, 'cause ain't nothing different. 
 Nothing different, I ain't tripping, niggas talk too much. 
 Fuck what they say. Fuck you too if you don't fuck with us.