What you gonna do when you ain't got any more friends 
 No more weed, money's all spent? 
 After everything, all you got is you 
 So take care of yourself and do what you gotta do. 
 Got two things in this world, that's my balls and my word 
 Never will they break, fors y'all look concerned 
 I care less about what you saw, what you heard 
 Fake friends, didn't need 'em, kicked 'em all to the curb 
 So I focus on me, myself, and my two feet 
 Tryin' to make better decisions and turn a new leaf 
 I'm still a kid, still lookin' for my purpose 
 Suffocated by the world, fightin' for the surface 
 Gaspin' for that breath of fresh air called survival 
 Hopin' that I make it, both hands on the Bible 
 Searchin' for an explanation deeper than life 
 Too many thoughts up in my mind so I ain't sleepin' at night 
 Thinkin' 'bout, if I was gone, would they give a fuck? 
 Sometimes I don't feel like livin' but I ain't givin' up 
 I tell myself, keep breathin' and get through the day 
 So if you feelin' down, I encourage you to do the same 
 'Cause this cold world's only gettin' colder 
 Time never stops, so we only gettin' older 
 Each day I live, I try to make the best of it 
 So I guess it's up to me but it's hard not to be a pessimist 
 And all this negativity is clouding my focus 
 I just look the other way and never doubt my emotions 
 I stay down to earth instead of down on the focus 
 I'm that air that you breathe, look around and you'll notice 
 I'm the voice of the people, gave 'em part of my soul 
 Every day I live through only makes it harder to grow 
 'Cause I've seen so much tragedy and hatred 
 Bet none of these friends will be glad to see me make it. 
 But I remember who loved me before the fans and the fame 
 On one hand, I can count you the names 
 Look, I remember who loved me before the fans and the fame 
 On one hand, I can count you the names 
 What you gonna do when you ain't got any more friends 
 No more weed, money's all spent? 
 After everything, all you got is you 
 So take care of yourself and do what you gotta do 
 You ain't got anymore friends 
 No more weed, money's all spent 
 After everything, all you got is you 
 Take care of yourself and do what you gotta do 
 You ain't got anymore friends 
 No more weed, money's all spent 
 All you got is you 
 So take care of yourself and do what you gotta do 
 Yo, before this shit I never had a best friend 
 Never had a girl that told me she was down 'til the end 
 Actin' like they love me, but don't understand my misery 
 None of y'all ever tried to write to me or visit me 
 When I was locked away and needed a shoulder to lean on 
 Taught me all I got is me, and I just need to be strong 
 My so-called friends left me in the dust 
 'Til this very day they're still textin' me, "What's up?" 
 Nobody gave a fuck about my ass a couple years back 
 So don't be surprised when you call and don't hear back 
 Don't take it personal, I'm just handling business 
 Separate myself from the snakes and scandalous bitches 
 'Cause I don't trust a soul and never do I fuck with hoes 
 'Cause most of the cats around me in it for the money, yo 
 I ain't gonna lie, get paid and I want some more 
 But the difference is I'm on my shit, they just want a shortcut 
 But that's only gonna get you cut short 
 The opportunity is knockin', it's at your front door 
 So, what you gonna do? 
 Take it and make a move 
 Or depend on others to put some food on a plate for you 
 When shit hits the fan and you can't find a way to quit stressin' 
 Everyone you know will leave you in a split second 
 So many friends turned on me for a couple dollars 
 But that's why I stand alone and only trust my momma 
 'Cause when I'm at my worst, nobody knows me 
 But when I'm doin' good everyone's my fuckin' homie 
 Don't blame me for takin' care of myself homie 
 I ain't selfish, I'm just gettin' what I deserve, you know? 
 I worked hard for this shit 
 I never took no handouts, never asked y'all for nothin'. 
 What you gonna do when you ain't got any more friends 
 No more weed, money's all spent? 
 After everything, all you got is you. 
 So take care of yourself and do what you gotta do. 
 You ain't got anymore friends, no more weed, money's all spent. 
 After everything, all you got is you. 
 Take care of yourself and do what you gotta do.