I'm still a kid so, I still make mistakes. 
 I just wanna live, yo, before the good times fade away 
 Look, hey yo, I'm just another young cat comin' from the bottom. 
 I don't want no beef, nah, I don't want no problems. 
 But y'all don't never get it right, yo I ain't scared. 
 I just got better shit to do than fight amongst my peers. 
 Honestly it kind of hurts 
 And it's a shame how all the kids I used to know just wanna hate now. 
 And the time passed, I seen who was really down. 
 I never brought up the cats tryna bring me down. 
 'Cause that's just a waste of my time 
 And time is precious and it's runnin' out. 
 I'm takin' what's mine 
 Everybody got that kid deep down inside of 'em. 
 Some play with toys, some got the toys on the side of 'em, 
 Finna do a nigga like a kid when playin' Grand Theft Auto. 
 I'm still a kid, so that pride is pretty hard to swallow. 
 You wanna be the toughest nigga on the block, 
 And you was till the nigga started hearin' them shots. 
 Kids killin' kids, askin' myself, "When will it stop?" 
 Another death on the news, it makes me sick when I watch. 
 I just wanna live my life before the now becomes a memory. 
 And I just hope that they remember me. 
 I'm still a kid so, I still make mistakes. 
 I just wanna live, yo, before the good times fade away 
 Look, I'm still a kid and I probably always will be. 
 And I ain't trippin' if none of these rappers feel me. 
 'Cause it's what saved me from hangin' with thugs and cockin' guns. 
 I just hope that my momma's proud of what I've become. 
 And when nobody believed in me and left me hangin', 
 Prospect was the only cat that said I'm the one. 
 I really never understood until I grew up big, 
 It was the fuel to the flame that kept my future lit. 
 He said I'ma change this generation's way of life. 
 So if you ain't lookin' for better days, you ain't alive. 
 I ain't no different than your average though. 
 I ain't got no super powers, I just rap on the flow. 
 So don't be mad if somethin' happens and I cancel a show. 
 Just know I had to go but I'll be back for some more. 
 Yo, I wanna be a bro-model to these kids and help, 
 But it's hard to teach them to grow when you're a kid yourself. 
 And I just turned eighteen last month, 
 And I'm still immature and I still can't front about me 
 Makin' the wrong decisions even when I know it's not right 
 And I know the consequences, but... 
 I'm still a kid and I ain't usin' that as an excuse. 
 I just got a lot to learn and that's the truth 
 I'm still a kid so, I still make mistakes. 
 I just wanna live, yo, before the good times fade away