It's that type of joint that you burn, put in your system and row to. 
 I ain't got to spark a blunt I'm keeping it old school 
 Just me and my music and my '03 Camry 
 It ain't much but if it gets me to my girl shit I'll be happy 
 Rolling through my city passing streets I used to walk through. 
 Memories of school and all the girls I used to talk to 
 Flashbacks to the time when I drank my first mickeys 
 Paint stains on my Dickies, freight trains on a quickie. 
 Graff writers know what the fuck I'm talking about 
 Member the very first time you got socked in the mouth? I do. 
 Every week I used to get my ass beat 
 All the times I ran from the cops coulda been a athlete. 
 I ain't tryna have cuffs on my wrists in the backseat... 
 So I'm running through your backyard like it's a track meet 
 See, I ain't a criminal, just a youngster with problems 
 And I don't show up to school 'cause the teachers say not to bother 
 Prolly 'cause they lost HOPE in our generation. 
 All I needed was some guidance and some elevation. 
 But they ain't have it so I tried to act cool and hung with the wrong crowd 
 Never follow the rules so I bump this song loud. 
 So selfish I never thought id make mom proud 
 Now she taking pictures from the crowd she need a calm down. 
 Taggin' me on Facebook every 4 minutes. 
 Never made a song without putting my soul in it 
 And this is only getting started 
 This is for my dearly departed, we out here living homie 
 I miss the way it was, reminiscing 'bout the old days 
 Miss the good times, back when everything was okay 
 'Cause we had no worries, no cares 
 But nothing is the same, life just ain't fair 
 So rest in peace to the peeps I'll never see again. 
 I been seeing grandpa in moods I never seen him in 
 85 years old, still keeping it moving 
 With a smile on his face saying "there's still room for improvement" 
 He ain't got a big house, and he still pushing a bucket. 
 But he taught me how to love life even when I had nothing 
 I rock my dirty chucks like they were Jordans made of gold. 
 I keep my head to the sky and I never look below 
 Sip my forty with a passion, this is for all my people 
 I promised to keep you living till the day I'm in a casket 
 Life ain't what it was, and it's so hard to get used to. 
 Blue's Clues and Cocoa Puffs, before there was a YouTube 
 Use to walk to school in the rain 
 Railroads watching trains pass, envision my name on every one of them 
 All my 90's kids know where I'm coming from. 
 Rugrats on Saturday mornings right when the sun is up 
 Raised in southern Cali, got that California mind state 
 So don't blame me if I cut you off in traffic 
 I used to tell girls I'm a rapper over MySpace 
 Even before I started rapping 
 Yeah homie, I miss them old days 
 Miss cruising through Anaheim with pops bumping the old jays 
 So all my real niggas put your glass up 
 You never know if it's your last one 
 This is for the old days