Yeah what if I met God, what would he say? 
 Would he love me like his child? 
 Would he look at me and turn away? 
 Would he be ashamed? 
 'Cause I know I have my share of sins 
 I know I have my share of rules that I bent 
 Things that I've done, I'll regret as long as I live 
 I'm not proud of what I did 
 Damn, but lately I'm trying to make it right 
 Lately I'm trying to find myself through the pain 
 I've been looking for answers 
 So I've been praying every night 
 Yeah I'm praying every night, but I feel like I never get a reply 
 Feel like I'm always left asking myself why 
 Like why would my people feeling low, we get high 
 I'm just trying to get by 
 What if I got rich? What would I be? 
 Would I be the type that never break bread 
 And only look out for me? 
 My nigga don't you see? This shit was never for me 
 It was for the fam, but if I got rich 
 Would people start coming around 
 While plotting to take advantage of who I am 
 I'm learning to be a man, yeah but that really takes time 
 And I ain't really got patience dog 
 Too much shit up on my mind 
 Damn, but I'm really trying to cope with this shit 
 Drifting away from family, we ain't spoke in a bit 
 Guess it's 'cause I'm too proud to ask for help 
 So I just sit in my room and I ask myself, "What if?" 
 Yeah what if I blew up? You think I'd change? 
 Would I be faithful to the girl? 
 I wouldn't fuck with the groupies 'cause of the fame 
 There's no one else to blame 
 I know I've done wrong so many times 
 Responsible for all the tears coming from my eyes 
 I'm sick of myself, sick of the games and the lies 
 I just hate to see you cry 
 What if I went broke? Where would they go? 
 Would they all stick around to watch me fall 
 Or just disappear slow, man I don't really know 
 If I lost everything would they forget 
 What if I lost all of my money, all of these whips 
 All of the fame, all the people, all of my chips 
 Would they all just dip? 
 What if I didn't have music? Where would I be? 
 Shit honestly I'd probably be in the streets 
 Trying to hustle a G, G in the white of the green 
 Whatever you need, up in the A.M 
 Running the block with the fiends 
 Rolling around with a nine tucked in my jeans 
 And I'd probably end up like a "Boys in The Hood" scene 
 There's a better way to be 
 What if I met you? What would you think? 
 I just hope that I inspire you with ever single word that I speak 
 If you got to know me 
 Well we probably ain't too different from each other 
 Why the world got to be so distant from each other? 
 What if we just learned to love and listened to each other 
 What if?