(Intro: excerpt from movie) 
 "That's how you want is Mousse? 
 Fine bitch, you got it! Just you and me... one on one!" 
 Run, catch and kill, this comes back 
 Like a boomerang with a dildo for real though (repeat) 
 (Bo$$) 
 Sell me some more dreams sucker but this ain't gettin' better 
 In fact, this whole thing is just a game Mr. Tripsetter! 
 Everything was fly boy, till I took this little bullet 
 Leaving traces of cyanide in my thyroid 
 Not, one of you wanna be busters gave a fuck! 
 Just out here chucklin on 
 The corner bout these war stories 
 Some more glory for the gat! 
 Glory for the snaps, crack the hoodrats 
 I use to think that it was good but 
 Fuck that! Now I'm the one witches are hating 
 Because ... Bombs keep reiterating 
 Sista it don't take, earl to get a clue 
 On what you lovely cluckers are thinkin' 
 You want to plan and try to do, but to who? 
 'Cause I'm a take a few, with me 
 Leaving caps all off in your femor, collar bone and kidneys! 
 Then I'm out to chase papes throwin' bricks to rake in diamonds 
 On some new thing in some cackys and carefully criming 
 I talk to you when I walk to you was the message, no more cap bustin' 
 Just strap hustlin 
 Ya stove top stuffin damon, watch where ya roamin! 
 It gets hotter than an oven havent you heard of the omen? 
 (Hook:) uh! (repeat) 
 (Bo$$) 
 You ask how could I kill a snake? On my real estate! 
 'Cause I can feel a fake phony comin' at me from a whole hemisphere away! 
 And what-do-ya know my former homey wants to roam 
 In my circumference 
 Now my bump the dumb thang its on! 
 So give it up 'cause I'm so crazy! Trip! Hey! 
 A nine is a terrible thing to waist 
 So I bring it, like I sing it just in case you 
 Biting the hand that feeds you, and plus you ain't said your grace 
 I guess them stiches in yo face, wasn't enough to stop another fiasco 
 That's exactly what you askin' fo hoe! 
 But when napalm, like bombs, are dropped i 
 Don't see how any one can really remain calm 
 My target was her head! 
 So settle for metal returning your mental into lead bleeeed heffer! 
 Bo$$ is back and ain't na sista celebrating (mmmm...) 
 Wonder if hey can tell I'm Satan? 
 Why you tailgating? Break trick! You out there bad! 
 Its time to swag, off ya baby's daddy 
 Look at em' still slangin', still flaming 
 He better watch where he roamin' 
 It gets hotter than an oven, 
 Haven't ya head of the omen? 
 (Bridge: repeat 1st part of hook) 
 Ooh don't let me catch ya creepin' (fool) 
 I'm sleepin' with my eyes (like a) 
 Open wide (with a dildo for real doe) 
 (Well hello hello) 
 We got the roughest, toughest "g" ya ever seen y'all 
 Toughest "g" ya ever seen y'all 
 (Well hello hello) 
 Bo$$ breaking, "g" ya ever seen y'all 
 Very intelligent but still a' break ya jaw offfff, 
 (Well hello hello) 
 Trigger happy, laughing with a sawed offff, 
 Shot gun 
 The most scantless "g" ya ever saw, 
 Rough tough quick to snuff and call ya fuckin' bluff 
 Dat "g", dat "g", dat "g", dat "g" 
 (Bo$$) 
 Mousse, Mousse wants to douse me, douse me 
 With some bullets if you think ya can, can 
 Go through with ya plan! 
 Use to be the cool sista you could kick it with 
 Now I'm feelin' wicked again and finna' trip! 
 Sad girl is living in a mad world 
 Because my baby represents ernesto and 
 Like a bitch she had a girl! 
 And on the cool mona know that I'm the locest, trust 
 But while we tripping some cocazoid put the joke on us 
 (Us, us, us, us) Rest in peace as we build a nation 
 Whisper to giggles, time to build our own operation 
 'Cause our men are just about skins and bustin' over a truck 
 But I could give a damn about 500 bucks? 
 What about the runnin', catchin' bullets, and the killings? 
 What goes around comes back around to hit our siblings 
 If we don't recognize that we don't 
 Own the streets we roamin' 
 The worse encounter of our kind will be the omen! 
 While we... 
 (Hook: repeat) 
 G skills? Tight 
 Blast? All night 
 Da org? Original righteous g's (yeah, yeah, yeah) 
 Outro excerpt: 
 "When you lose ya homeboy, you lose ya best camarada, 
 You lose a part of who you are inside"