Fuck you got me up so early in the morning for man?... 
 Yeah, thanks for meetin' me here 
 I know it's short notice, 
 And if I black out, don't feel bad 'bout leavin' me here 
 I would rather have a latte, then stay inside a hosiptal bed 
 So just let me invent from the top of the head. 
 It's a lot, or maybe it's a little 
 And I can't process it, whatever, God bless it 
 Unless it was sent from the devil in a message 
 Along with the fairwell quest on my soul 
 Eyes closed, with hydro and a white bowl 
 I know, my high goes as fast as it comes 
 Try and gain weight, try and save faith 
 In the same place, that moves as fast as I run 
 Which isn't fast at all, I can crash and fall 
 Nothing is promise life is basketball 
 After all, who the hell drafted Charles? 
 Do not play, but that won't fuck up my latte 
 Pick a sin, any sin, I commit it (I commit it) 
 Pick a drug, any drug, yeah I did it (yeah I did it) 
 Pick a lie, any lie, I'll admit it (I'll admit it) 
 (And go on) only have one life I still give it (still give it) 
 Pick a sin, any sin, I commit it (I commit it) 
 Pick a drug, any drug, yeah I did it (yeah I did it) 
 (And go on) only have one life I still give it (still give it) 
 But ain't nobody fuckin' with my latte (latte) 
 Yo, my brother - I love him to death 
 But with that love comes struggle and stress 
 I wanna' snuff him and [? ] 
 This fuckin' neck, every time he disrespects me 
 But to maintain the friendship, I keep a button, lip 
 Is this some sick shit, that my pass [? ] 
 Should I ask him why? Why ask him? 
 He can't be me, he can't have my passion 
 For this [? ] called music 
 I've been tryna' creep with' her, but it's hard to creep with' her 
 When I sleep with' her, everybody knows about us 
 So I've never seen with' her, 
 Unless you've been in the bed, and see me with' her 
 I mean... I just radiate her [? ] hate 
 But they know they just rape her, 
 I take her by the hand 
 And guide her, 'smack' was my drug of choice till I tried her 
 Then we had a threesome 
 I didn't, music on smack-smack-smack that ass 
 I grew music on the back, 
 And no one knew the difference 
 Till they heard the recordin', I think it's porn 
 You think it's songs in the mornin', 
 You get excited, I think it's borin' 
 "Charles, why sample, why you gotta' sing 
 Why you gotta' rockin' pink, why you gotta' thing, 
 For drugs" Shit, WHY YOU GOTTA' SUCK MY DICK? 
 Why you gotta' front like you don't love my shit? 
 Why these niggas wanna' stress me? 
 Why is the devil?... 
 'For the music, none of these bitches though I was sexy 
 Why don't 'body believe that I'm in dept b? 
 You askin' me for cake, nigga I can't afford a pepsi. 
 Yeah, I'm broke I said it, let's see 
 If any of you gold diggin'-niggas gon' hol' me down 
 On your credit, nigga I don't need cash 
 I need debit, get it? Got it? 
 Fuck a bank, I'm your deposit 
 Capital One, what's in your wallet? 
 You think Robin Hood would be robin' in the hood? 
 Since you niggas are ballin', he'll be ballin' too 
 When you're money is fallin', he'll be callin' you 
 Oxymoron; like snow on a hot day 
 No "Beach Chair" in this blizzard, I am not Jay! 
 Y'all are red/pink, don't work 
 So when his +Kingdom Come+ nobody's fuckin' with my Latte 
 Pick a sin, any sin, I commit it (I commit it) 
 Pick a drug, any drug, yeah I did it (yeah I did it) 
 Pick a lie, any lie, I'll admit it (I'll admit it) 
 (And go on) only have one life I still give it (still give it) 
 Pick a sin, any sin, I commit it (I commit it) 
 Pick a drug, any drug, yeah I did it (yeah I did it) 
 (And go on) only have one life I still give it (still give it) 
 But ain't nobody fuckin' with my latte (latte) 
 Break: 
 You can have my iscolation 
 You can have anything that it brings 
 You can have my absence of faith 
 You can have my everything 
 Help me. 
 I pick apart my insides 
 Help me. 
 I got no soul to sell 
 Help me. 
 The only thing that works for me 
 Help me get away from myself 
 (x2) 
 (Chorus: over break)