Hi I'm charles and I got em' so cool 
 Always get in trouble I don't follow no rules 
 I got a easy pass so I gotta go through 
 How ever you want it, I got it so choose 
 Girls walkin' up like "I gotta know you" 
 Niggas walkin' up like "I can flow too" 
 The funny thing is that a lot of those dudes 
 Use to be a prick now I don't know you 
 I'm so cute that I'm hideous man 
 I'm the truth it's ridiculous man 
 I don't really know a lot of niggas that can 
 Do what I do that nigga I am 
 Dyslexic white girls love me I'm playin' them off 
 Only clarissa be explaining it all 
 They all fell in love with the satellite song 
 Now I'm climbin up the ladder lights on 
 Gotta 'em screamin out 
 Why you stop? keep singin'... ALRIGHT ALRIGHT! 
 Na, naaaa, na, na, na... na, na, na, na, na my first name charles and my last name Hamiltion and I'm so... WAY COOL! 
 Janae said back in queens 
 The reason her and Dorian would act so mean 
 Was they thought you was boogey that's o.d. 
 I guess that's the reason I rap so free 
 I wasn't bein boogey I was bein me 
 It wasn't my fault that they wasn't seein me 
 But me bein gifted came easily 
 I guess bein different is the key to me 
 But recently I been flyin right in the thunder kick drum snares made out of lightening rain drops high hat stormin on my track hurricane Hamilton earthquake h.o. call the weather channel up assure mayne nayne no I spit nothing but pure made yayo so these mermaids that I wanted to sip in third grade but I heard they gay so they both told me 
 So I told them I'm a rapper... ALRIGHT ALRIGHT! 
 Na, naaaa, na, na, na... (I made the beat too) na, na, na, na, na cause my name charles Hamilton and I'm so cool god dammit I'm... WAY COOL! 
 Never spit the same bar twice... twice 
 Never hit the same broad twice... twice 
 Never hit the same broad twice if you hit the same broad hit the same broad twice you that night 
 If you hit the same broad then the same broad let ya man hit then the same broad likes me and the same broad that you met when you hit the same broad twice I'm sayin' y'all can hit the same broad... twice. 
 If you don't like the new me I'll bring the old me in 
 But don't say nothing when I'm od'n 
 If y'all niggas is ballin then I'm kobe'n 
 And I do it for the kids... nickelodeon 
 See girls don't really wanna mess with me 
 Maybe it's 'Cause I'm a child of destiny 
 Then den seen they friend fall now they wanna do it too 
 Do you have a clue what I wanna do to you? 
 How bout I tell you over a candle light dinner... ALRIGHT ALRIGHT! 
 Na, naaaa, na, na, na... na, na, na, na, na... Charles hamilton and melissa joanheart god dammit I'm... WAY COOL!