Somewhere on a Desktop [? ] is a zip file mixtape of the next pop kid 
 Let's not kid ourselves be clear, you see me here I run zshare 
 And mega upload, with my forever steppin' up flow 
 Just know I'm just waking up so... 
 When I yawn, y'all get more 
 Not feelin' how I explore Alt-F4 
 No one can tell me what I can and can not do Tell me, 'be quiet' and I'll holla like Yahoo 
 Pause, just incase you got bloggers 
 Who wanna sit behind keys and start problems 
 I made the beat, all praise to me 
 I'm tying my windows, not afraid to peek 
 So log on like a Jamaican Dance, and download me 
 Go ahead, take the chance 
 Charles Hamilton dot blog spot dot com 
 The Amy Rose dot blog spot dot com 
 Myspace dot com slash Hamilton's music 
 I am not Charles Hamilton dot com 
 Charles Hamilton dot blog spot dot com 
 The Amy Rose dot blog spot dot com 
 Charles Hamilton dot blog spot dot com 
 I Shut The Game Down Again 
 Can't nobody stop me, I'm sorry 
 I was raised in the concrete safari 
 You other clowns got hate in your blood 
 You talk that new shit with Windows 98 in your blood, What 
 I don't need some new fans endorsement 
 I'm endorsed by these mad important 
 Cats with more than enough to buy your life 
 But I'm wireless, and your mice 
 No strings attached when I sling my raps 
 Real [? ] when I bring the FAQ's 
 Seen in your favorite magazine with a great pose 
 'Cause I don't pose 
 'Cause I hate pose... ers 
 Except for one photoshoot 
 For Complex, what the heck was I supposed to do 
 I had fun, I acted mad young 
 I was flyer than the rest of the them 
 Why am I addressin 'em 
 You ain't catch when I said I put my mack down Like I got a girl's top on my lap now 
 That was mad hot and mad foul 
 Now that I said it on here, think back now 
 Mac lip gloss... Mac laptop 
 Girl's top on my lap, that's mad hot... Wow 
 How arrogant of me to explain a hot bar from a track I did for free 
 Sorry [? ] I thought they took care of that shit I hope [? ] don't think I did some wack shit 
 I know how some cats don't play favorites but I need a favor, a'ight okay player 
 Tell every one to stop putting up [? ] posts Before I find the IP address and straight ghost... them 
 Kill 'em and send them a virus 
 Let me chill before they hack my girls sidekick It's Charles Hamilton