Enjoy yourself, 9-8, 
 Get it straight, yo 
 Yes yes y'all steady playin' the wall, you're 
 Too young to sip alchohol at the bar. 
 I'm ready to jet, girls actin' bougouise. 
 Yo Kedar, let me hold the keys to the car! 
 I'm in front of the club tryin' to bag a chick, 
 Tryin' to get five of 'em 'cause the whip seats six. 
 Feeling alright, chrome lookin' real tight. 
 Watch the moonlight bounce off the pearl white. 
 Word money, I earn money just to burn money, 
 Tryin' to get this federal reserve money. 
 There's two types of artists, expert and novice, 
 Experts always hit the mark of their target. 
 Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself for me 
 You know you gotta 
 Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourelf, enjoy yourself with me 
 You gotta enjoy yourself, come on! 
 I have the baddest foundation ever established. 
 Me and my team bubble like Alka Seltzer tablets. 
 Nigga, don't sleep when it's time to creep, 
 A little pimp like me will crawl underneath. 
 It takes a lot more than words to move me, 
 I don't give a p-h-u-k what you say. 
 Acting all wild, unprofession-al, 
 Who got beef, I knock the teeth out of ya smile. 
 My lyrical lubricant keeps the crowd moving, 
 You get booed when your stageshow needs improvement. 
 So if you wanna see A+, the artist, 
 You gotta Western Union me a key grand deposit. 
 While that cats out there steady kickin garbage, 
 Girls steady saying "Look, I can see who the god is." 
 You can't harm me or stop me, 
 Even on a poor quality bootleg cassette copy. 
 Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself for me 
 You know you gotta 
 Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourelf, enjoy yourself with me 
 You gotta enjoy yourself, come on! 
 Take your time, make up your mind, 
 The dime pieces love the diamonds and the shine. 
 Real friends never fall in love, 
 Staling my heart is like stealing a car with the club. 
 Nevertheless I get an occasional crush, 
 Say some romantic stuff that make you wanna blush. 
 Girls in all flavors, no matter what their race is, 
 Ryhmes amazing, making Craig Mack faces. 
 Take 'em back to the lab and touch three bases. 
 Take my time, don't wanna catch no rape cases, 
 Kiss on the forehead and say "goodnight", 
 A+ y'all, and I'm out like 3 strikes... 
 Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself for me 
 You know you gotta 
 Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourelf, enjoy yourself with me 
 You gotta enjoy yourself, come on! 
 Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself, enjoy yourself for me 
 You know you gotta 
 Enjoy yourself, enjoy yourelf, enjoy yourself with me 
 You gotta enjoy yourself, you gotta enjoy yourself 
 Come on, come on, enjoy yourself, come on! 
 A+, big time, 
 The key you know, now get 'em, 
 It's my time, nigga, 
 9-8, 
 Check it out