Shake that body, party that bod 
 Shake that body, party that bod 
 Shake that body, party that body 
 Come and have a good time with G.O.D 
 I believe there's a God above me 
 I'm just the God of everything else 
 I put holes in everything else 
 "New God Flow," fuck everything else 
 Supreme dope dealer (Woo!) write it in bold letters 
 They love a nigga's spirit like Pac at the Coachella 
 They said Pusha ain't fit with the umbrella 
 But I was good with the Yay' as a wholesaler 
 I think it's good that 'Ye got a blow dealer 
 A hot temper, matched with a cold killer 
 I came aboard for more than just to rhyme with him 
 Think '99, when Puff woulda had Shyne with him (Yughck) 
 (Matching Daytonas, rose gold on us) 
 Goin' H·A·M in Ibiza done took a toll on us (ooh!) 
 (But since you over do it, I'mma pour more) 
 Well if you goin' coupe, I'm goin' four door 
 Shake that body, party that bod (That's rare nigga!) 
 Shake that body, party that bod (Rick Flare nigga!) 
 Shake that body, party that body (Yeah nigga!) 
 Come and have a good time with G.O.D (yeah) 
 Shake that body, party that bod (Whoa!) 
 Shake that body, party that bod (Whoa!) 
 Shake that body, party that body (It's a new God flow niggas!) 
 Come and have a good time with G.O.D 
 Step on they necks till they can't breathe 
 Claim they five stars but sell you dreams 
 They say death multiplies by threes 
 Line them all up and let's just see 
 Fuck 'em 'Ye, fuck 'em 'Ye! 
 I wouldn't piss on that nigga with Grand Marnier (Woo!) 
 (Woo!) They shitty shoppin' at Targét (Woo!) 
 (Woo!) My shit is luxury Balmain (Ay!) 
 I'm ballin', Amar'e 
 A nick' sold in the park then I want in 
 What's a king without a crown, nigga? (What?) 
 What's a circus without you clown niggas? (Ha!) 
 What's a brick from an outta-town nigga 
 When you flood and you can drown niggas? (Yughck!) 
 Here's the G.O.O.D. Music golden child 
 M.A. dollar sign, can't nobody hold me down 
 Shake that body, party that bod 
 Shake that body, party that bod 
 Shake that body, party that body 
 Come and have a good time with G.O.D 
 Hold up, I ain't trying to stunt, man 
 But these Yeezys jumped over the Jumpman 
 Went from most hated to the champion god flow 
 I guess that's a feeling only me and Lebron know 
 I'm living three dreams, 
 Biggie Smalls', Dr. King, Rodney King's 
 'Cause we can't get along, no resolution 
 Till we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston 
 Cars, money, girls and the clothes 
 Aw man, you sold your soul 
 Naw man, mad people was frontin' 
 Aw man, made something from nothing 
 Picture working so hard, and you can't cut through 
 That can mess up your whole life, like an uncle that touched you 
 What has the world come to, I'm from the 3 1 2 
 Where cops don't come through and dreams don't come true 
 Like there the god go in his Murcielago 
 From working McDonalds, barely paying the car note 
 He even got enough to get his mama a condo 
 Then they ran up and shot him right in front of his mom 
 40 killings in a weekend, 40 killings in a week 
 Man the summer too hot you can feel it in the street 
 Welcome to Sunday service if you hope to someday serve us 
 We got green in our eyes, just follow my Erick Sermon 
 Did Moses not part the water with the cane? 
 Did strippers not make an arc when I made it rain? 
 Did Yeezy not get signed by Hov and Dame? 
 And ran to Jacob and made the new Jesus chains? 
 In Jesus' name, let the choir say 
 "I'm on fire, ay," that's what Richard Pryor say 
 And we'll annihilate anybody that violate 
 Ask any dope boy you know, they admire 'Ye 
 Shake that body, party that bod 
 Shake that body, party that bod 
 Shake that body, party that body 
 Come and have a good time with G.O.D 
 Ya nigga, y'all had my, I had my Jesus piece since '94 
 I don't know what I, I don't know what you're talkin' bout 
 And my eagle, still got it all in the bag, B 
 All you did was play possum 
 Yo, come on 
 Six hundred Cuban cigar in the big tub 
 Medallion on, Dove soap on the fresh cut 
 With soap suds on the Mac-11 
 My big lion haven't ate since twelve 
 And it's after seven 
 We feed the nigga like forty chickens 
 His tail wag when I send him a bag with just one victim 
 Uh-huh, now let me show you what my closet on 
 Gems in the display case, call it a rock-a-thon 
 I got soccer moms paying for cock 
 Asians get it from behind while they cleanin' their wok 
 Coming with flows that's toxic 
 Deadly fumes when I'm in the room 
 Repercussions occur when you try and snitch 
 Red light, green light 
 One, two, three 
 Look mean, got my machine 
 Cried and hit you, please 
 Say shake that body, scar up that body 
 Should I kill him now Ton'? I said probably 
 Side bets, I form better 
 Bust hammers with pot holders 
 And yo, dead a cow for his fuckin' leather 
 I'm not bow-legged but old school like red fox 
 My favorite colour in my hustle days was red tops 
 My gold eagle arm shitted out a red rock 
 Threw it off my project roof, saw red dots 
 Kanye, shine a light on my Wallabees 
 You can have a good time with G.O.D 
 Shake that body, party that bod (That's rare nigga!) 
 Shake that body, party that bod (Rick Flare nigga!) 
 Shake that body, party that body (Yeah nigga!) 
 Come and have a good time with G.O.D (yeah) 
 Shake that body, party that bod (Whoa!) 
 Shake that body, party that bod (Whoa!) 
 Shake that body, party that body (It's a new God flow niggas!) 
 Come and have a good time with G.O.D 
 G.O.O.D. music, G.O.O.D. music, G.O.O.D. music, G.O.O.D. music!