Bunny Sigler: 
 (Yeah) 
 How you feelin'? 
 (Fine) 
 Feel alright? 
 Pusha T and Bunny Sigler: 
 I'm so bossy, bitch, get off me (Yeah) 
 It's a different jingle when you hear these car keys (Y'all feel like that?) 
 Your SL's missing an S, nigga (Y'all feel like that?) 
 Your plane's missing a chef 
 The common theme, see they both got wings 
 If you fly, do it to death 
 It's only one God, and it's only one crown 
 So it's only one king that can stand on this mound (Yeah) 
 King Push, kingpin, overlord 
 Coast Guard come a hundred going overboard (Yeah) 
 I got money with the best of 'em 
 Go blow for blow with any Mexican 
 Don't let your side bitches settle in 
 Might have to headbutt your Evelyn 
 Ballers, I put numbers on the boards 
 Hard to get a handle on this double-edged sword 
 Whether rapping or I'm rapping to a whore 
 Might reach back and relapse to wrapping up this raw (Y'all feel like that?) 
 Givenchy fitting like it's gym clothes 
 We really gym stars, I'm like D. Rose 
 No D-league, I'm like this close 
 '88 Jordan leaping from the free throw (Yeah) 
 Ballers, I put numbers on the boards 
 Ballers, I put numbers on the boards 
 Pusha T and Jay-Z: 
 (Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, 'bout crime no more) 
 Mix drug and show money, Biggs Burke on tour (Yeah) 
 Twenty-five bricks, move work like chore 
 Hit Delaware twice, needed twenty-five more 
 I see flaw, cracks in your diamond 
 CB4 when you rhyme, Simple Simon 
 Come and meet the pieman, a must that I flaunt it 
 The legend grows legs when it comes back to haunt us 
 Ballers, I put numbers on the boards (Yeah) 
 Can't a bitch living say I bought her Michael Kors (Yeah) 
 Every car driven was decided by the horse 
 Keep the sticker in the window 'case you wonder what it cost 
 How could you relate when you ain't never been great? 
 And rely on rap money to keep food up on your plates, nigga? 
 I might sell a brick on my birthday 
 Thirty-six years of doing dirt like it's Earth Day, God 
 Pusha T and Bunny Sigler: 
 (Y'all feel like that?) 
 (Y'all feel like that?) 
 Ballers, I put numbers on the boards 
 (Y'all feel like that?)