Future: 
 I don't never feel pain, 'cause I done felt too much pain 
 Money goin' in the rain, blood flowing through my veins 
 I'm just doing my thing 
 Get money, gold chains 
 I don't never feel pain, 'cause I done felt too much pain 
 Standing in the rain, blood flowing through my veins 
 I ain't never did a thing 
 Getting money, rocking chains 
 You'll never feel the same, We the? in the game 
 I don't never feel pain 
 (Verse 1: Pusha T) 
 18 wheeler, gorillas 
 Black with gold chains, Pittsburgh, like steelers 
 Hines Ward of the crime lords, running through this money screaming encore 
 Spending nights with the prime whore, but that's the bitch that you're blind for 
 Celebrating on a wim, nigga. Pain is parked above the rim, nigga 
 My bitch rock a bigger gem, niggas! 
 'Cause she was there when it was dim, nigga! 
 She wasn't fucking none of them niggas! 
 So now we're even like a hem, nigga! 
 Put your freedom over failure! 
 Trynna find my Grizelda. Might as well, they gon' nail ya! 
 Momma screaming like Mahalia 
 Pain is love and it's war 
 Pain is running out of raw 
 Pain is finding out you're poor 
 As the feds knock at your door 
 (Hook: Future) 
 I don't never feel pain, 'cause I done felt too much pain 
 Been around here, standing in the rain 
 Blood Flowing through my veins 
 I'm just doing my thang 
 Getting money, rocking tons of gold chains 
 I don't never feel pain, 'cause I done felt too much pain 
 I'm just standing in the rain, blood flowing through my veins 
 I'm just doing my thing, getting money, rock a hundred gold chains 
 (Verse 2: Pusha T) 
 Pain is joy when it cries, it's my smile in disguise 
 It's what makes the story chilling, Spare the women and the children 
 Hear the scribbles of the villain (yeah) 
 This is drug dealer brilliance 
 Pyrex on the platter like hot sex, but my tribe don't quest like love 
 Came in this bitch, with a mask and a glove, and a team of lawyers to run the train on the judge 
 It's no risk without gain, there's no trust without shame 
 It's no us without Caine 
 Push. My name is my name. In the kitchen with a cape on, apron Tre-eight on, coulda been Trayvon 
 But instead I chose Avon, colored face like a geisha 
 Arm and Hammer for the breakup 
 Turn one into two, watch the brick kiss and makeup 
 It's a match made in heaven, all that's missing is the reverend 
 All that's missing is a blessing 
 I hope God gets the message