Silkk the shocker lyrics 
 "All Night" 
 (Silkk talking:) 
 Yeah, ha, yo 
 I'm back back boy, finally somethin' for the g's 
 Know what nobody should be sittin' down now 
 We bout ta get down 
 The girl, I want y'all to act a fool 
 Y'all mutha fuckaz know what I'm talkin' bout 
 I thought I told y'all 
 You know what I'm talkin' bout, but what's up dawg? 
 Gangstas don't dance man we groove, I want everybodys bitch to move look 
 From the front to the back, to the left, to the right, I want 'em 
 Thuggin' from tha day to the night, ya heard me? Huh? Ok? Yeah. DJ what's 
 Up dawg? (x1) 
 Hey DJ won't you play that song keep me thuggin' (thuggin') 
 All night (all night) (x4) 
 (Verse 1- Silkk) 
 Man I steps in the club tryin' to find some slow sex, me an 'cause in the 
 Back of the club wit moet, I checks the time up on the Rolex, the girl I 
 Hit stay with her man, it's cool, but no sweat, 600 parked outside when 
 We drive, did some ghetto superstars, grits an dope when we arrive, VIP 
 Status because of the vapors, line was kinda long, took the doorman some 
 Papers, gangsta shit I'm dressed in all black, nigga club was packed so 
 I went through the back, nigga with the gangstas where you'll find me, 
 Wishin they could make 40 ounces of Dom P, 'cause soon as I hit the block, 
 I hit the spot fo sho, an you ain't 'bout it 'bout it, you ain't known to 
 Flow, because see, gangstas don't dance man we groove, an it's cool, but 
 You act a fool, an look smooth. Haha 
 (1-(x1)) 
 (2-(x2)) 
 (Verse 2- Silkk) 
 Now VIP is where I be, look to the side an guess who I see, Trina an her 
 Sister make no mistakes who, he gonna take her, an I'm a take you, an 
 Umm, if you got a name an a number, an if you got a man, well I'll juss 
 Call you on the under, so go ahead an slip me yo digits, an if you get 
 It, if you cool then you wit it, later on you let me hit it, now wisper 
 In yo ear is it cool to what? What I'm really tryin' to say girl is it 
 Cool to SHHH... I gotta keep the crowd bumpin, keep 'em jumpin', you know 
 I'm always in somethin', an I ain't even frontin, for my gangsta niggaz I 
 Be blowin' up, an all my gangsta real niggaz throw it up, 'cause see, ain't 
 No lie bra, an we gonna ride bra, see nobody be here beside us so go 
 Ahead an fire it up, now you can tell I'm a thug when I want in the 
 Club, no need to mug, juss show a nigga love, you gotta know, that, 
 That's fo sho, but you ain't 'bout it, if you down to flow.(say 
 That) Gangstas don't dance man we groove, an it's cool, you can act a 
 Fool, an still look smooth. Haha. 
 (2-(x4)) 
 (Silkk talkin:) 
 My niggaz in Houston thug all night long (Kane an Abel) 
 My niggaz in Dallas thug all night long (Mama Mia) 
 My niggaz in San Antonio thug all night long (Champ) 
 My niggaz in Georgia thug all night long (Serv-On) 
 My niggaz in New Orleans thug all night long 
 My niggaz in Baton Rouge thug all night long 
 No Limit California thug all night long 
 My niggaz in New York thug all night long 
 My niggaz in Cleveland thug all night long 
 My Niggaz in Ohio thug all night long 
 My nigga Boss an B thug all night long 
 Pokey an Jermaine thug all night long 
 Master P an C-Murder thug all night long 
 See Beats by the Pound we thug all night long 
 All my thugs, all my thugs, thug all night long 
 All my thugs, all my thugs, thug all night long 
 Thug all night long, Ah!