(Master P) 
 Picture this, any man that hustle because like to is a fool. 
 Any man that hustle because he got to feed his family... 
 That's a real man.nYou see I hustle because I got feed me family 
 I got families to feed, I got feed my mama, 
 I got to feed big mama, I got to feed my cousin, 
 I got to feed my lil' brother, I got to feed my sister, 
 I got to feed my kids, I got to feed my people. 
 The ghetto's got me hustlin' tryin' to survive 
 The ghetts got me hustlin' tryin' to stay alive. 
 The ghetto get me hustlin' tryin' to survive, 
 And I know I'm goin' to hustle until the day I die. 
 (Master P) 
 Uugghh! 
 It's da black rain to da moon and tears that cause lies 
 See that's the way I felt when my lil' brother died. 
 And some fools say it ain't no justice 
 And other niggaz say it ain't no peace 
 That's why thugs help their on these projects and on these streets. 
 See my daddy made me a dealer 
 And my cousin made me killer. 
 See that's why everything we do, they gonna respect us and feel us 
 And I'm still tryin' to understand why big daddy was with da rest 
 And my nephew on the last counter on da 14th down the car reck. 
 It ain't muthafucker down on dope, on crack, or aids 
 And I see so many ghetto people go to jail 
 And live your life and die like slaves. 
 I got a relative on apeel doin' 25 flat 
 On murder or ride nigga fuck it Johnny Cochran can't fight that. 
 And since I'm black and I'm rich 
 They see to overlook It's me advise 
 First class niggaz tryin' call da police tryin' to book us. 
 Ain't that a bitch, I done made millions 
 And still goin' through a thang 
 That's niggaz ask me P why the fuck you never change. 
 (Silkk The Shocker) 
 It's like I'm rich and poor 
 I open the world and slang dop 
 It's the world changes knowand changes I thorp. 
 I thank all my big brothers without him I wouldn't made it through 
 So with life on line put all up 4 him so I put that shit on TRU. 
 The ghetto got me caught up, no broken dreams 
 The ghettos trap, I see some on crack, and dope fiends. 
 My hommie, Never did no crime but lien' up in the hearse 
 Thank god 4 all that I got from that times can be wrorst. 
 Ever feel like you was swimming, and really was dronin' 
 You ani't wanna smile but your tender smile always see me clownin' 
 I trade my life to make the world better 
 Trade everything I got including life 
 To bring back my brother Kevin. 
 See I spit the realist shit 
 Tryin' make yo'll feel this shit. 
 Yo'll tryin' put the finger on our side, 
 Livin' middle bricks livin' this shit. 
 See I tell you everybody use to ride benzes 
 But we had to ride buggies 
 Mom wanted better things for me 
 But private school was way past our budget. 
 So if I'm happy and I'm smilin' and I'm camouflage my problems 
 The only way I can really solve them 
 If I really grab and revolve them. 
 So I grab it and I cocked it 
 I was going to pop it. 
 But I stop, forgot I was rich. 
 What everybody not rich. 
 Every month so close to gettin' no profits 
 My only hustle, I told them to stop it, 
 But can't really knock it. 
 Everybody died up in game 
 Everybody tryin' to maintain 
 Wall from out da ghetto, 
 Close my eyes and still see the pain. 
 Sometimes I just get fed up. 
 To all my souljas worldwide 
 I know its hard to stride. 
 Keep your head up!