Silkk the shocker lyrics 
 "I Ain't Takin' No Shorts" 
 (Master P--Talking) 
 Told y'all 
 Y'all should have never let No Limit in this muthafucka 
 'Cause once we get in, we be takin' over shit 
 An we gone off that chop-suy, marinatin 
 Blowin' switches to da world (Bitch, fuck ya) 
 (Silkk the Shocker) 
 I'm 'bout the baddest nigga, no doubt 
 From West to the South, back to ya house 
 Nigga in an out quickly, stick ye for ya whole fifty (Whaaa???) 
 Nigga, I'm on bitches, qucikly 
 Niggas can't stick me they tries but they dies 
 They'll fuck around, I ain't lyin', fuck wit me, you out yo' mind 
 I'll slap you wit my right hand and I'm still writin wit it 
 Hands quicker than lightnin but fuck fightin 
 Bread, ice is why I'm slicin cake 
 You niggas need to bow down to the street king 
 From the 3rd Ward (Caliope, hoe) 
 (Master P:) (Where dat at?) Bitch that's it New Orleans 
 Face like an 8th Grader, ain't the bigga nigga, a wind might blow 
 But while I'm here, a deaf person won't fuck wit me if they don't know 
 Man, No Limit run this bitch like a marathon 
 Bitch, my click is thick, deeper than a whole Southern down baritone 
 How da fuck y'all gon' fade me? 
 How da fuck y'all gon' play me? 
 That's how we made it, from knockin' niggas out 
 Who try to fuckin' play me 
 Y'all think y'all could but y'all can't 
 That's money in the bank, how da fuck y'all gon' stop a Tank 
 I ain't takin' no shorts 
 Whether it be in this rap game or the dope game 
 Bitch I'm still the man 
 (Silkk the Shocker) 
 I say hustler, fuck these busters 
 Who da fuck gon' stop me? None of y'all 
 Bitches be in my face, I gets the gun, run all of y'all 
 'Cause y'all some tricks 
 Stop trickin these hoes stop bitchin these hoes 
 Punk ass niggas be havin' dicks 
 Y'all need to have clicks you punk ass hoes 
 I stay posted from sun-down to sun-up, you run up, you get done up 
 Best believe the spot get hot like summer 
 'Cause I be the man, look deep into my eyes 
 Bitch y'all get scared by the 6 foot 6 wise guy 
 Mr. like shoot it out wit the police 
 Mr. I gives a fuck, I gots this D seven-teen 5 a key 
 Birds, you haven't heard? 
 I'm from that 3rd, bitch when shit get bad 
 I put the dope up my stars on the curb 
 An start hittin fools, in the dice game 
 I might man, hit 'em all night man 
 'Cause I'm all night long gone off that fuckin' night train 
 No doubts, I'm in the house, outs the back when the police hit 
 No doubt they can't catch me, I'm out this bitch 
 (Silkk) 
 I'm the man 
 I'm the man 
 I'm the man (Who's the man?) 
 I'm the man!