(Silkk The Shocker) 
 You can tell I'm A Soldier 
 You, you, you, you can tell I'm a soldier (4X) 
 All I wanted to be was a soldier, bitch! 
 And If you ain't a soldier, then what's yo' purpose bitch?! 
 1st Verse: (Silkk The Shocker and Master P) 
 (Silkk The Shocker) 
 See, I'm a N-O, nigga L-I 
 M-I- to the T 
 Yeah, I'm Silkk the SHOCKER! 
 And yeah, that's me 
 Tank dog all I wanna be, nigga I told ya 
 Tat on my back, is that of a no limit soldier 
 About face for a TRU salute, to my tank dogs 
 Y'all scared to bust, niggas duck, 'cause we ain't sure 
 So don't flip me, 'cause you'll end up empty 
 And then I'll reload 
 And reload, and reload, and reload, and load 
 Whole barrel explode! 
 Nigga I'm T-R-U, that means I'm TRU 2 Da Game 
 Mention me to my enemies, they takin' the pain 
 Now you can do what you wanna 
 But y'all don't wanna start 
 Fuck, these No Limit soldiers 
 'Cause y'all don't wanna go to war! 
 (Master P) 
 No Limit mercenary killas, nigga wit army fatigues 
 Tattoos and gats, niggas gone off hennessy and weed 
 Colonel, nigga becoming the ghetto E.F. Hutton 
 Holler ungh! And every fuckin' soldier start stuntin' 
 Nigga just robbin' and niggas they ridin' 
 Dressed and robbin' on the side, 
 Niggas just Bout It, Rowdy 
 Niggas better show me that them muthafuckas still gettin' rowdy 
 I cut wit G's nigga 
 March playas, step wit me killas 
 Come wit me, real soldiers keep yo' eyes on yo' enemies! 
 Chorus: (Silkk The Shocker) 
 I'm a N-O- nigga L-I 
 M-I-T soldier (2X) 
 2nd Verse: (Fiend and Lil' Gotti Gambino) 
 (Fiend) 
 All my rivals remember me, Fiend 
 The one that call the shottie 
 Blastin' the mafi, there them niggas that wanna rob me 
 Givin' you hobbies 
 Gettin' slugs at your own body 
 For my piece, or Sugar Hill, I'm New Orleans like Lolli 
 I'm fearin' no man, as long as I'm stompin' in these Broganes 
 There's no playin', soon as this army stop, ya' got no hands 
 Damn! Ready for war, and keep the weed lighted 
 If they ain't indicted still, blast it, Fiend the insighted prophet 
 (C-Murder) 
 I'm a No Limit soldier, nigga, it's in my blood 
 I started rappin', so I wouldn't have to sell drugs 
 We Bout It! Muthafuckas representin' them killas 
 TRU tatted on my back 'cause I make moves wit thug niggas 
 You don't wanna go to war, 'cause I'ma bring the brigade 
 Ask the colonel, we rowdy nigga tryin' to get paid 
 Affiliated with game, totin' thangs that pain 
 On the corners we hang, and we slangin' the pain! 
 3rd Verse: (Mystikal, Mac) 
 (Mystikal) 
 A helluva, helluva nigga right chea 
 You can take that and fear it! 
 I'm a cold blooded killa comrade 
 And a highly decorated lieutenant 
 I'm up on the front line, you all the way to the rear 
 But ya still gettin' injured 
 Nigga don't you know by now the tank can't be dented?! 
 And when we reach a hundred million cartridges 
 We ain't finished 
 Bitch shoot yoself in the head, if you can't take it 
 'Cause we gonna represent it! 
 If I said it, I meant it! 
 If I told ya', I showed ya'! 
 I'll break y'all, outrank y'all, I'LL MAKE YA' BORN TO BE A SOLDIER! 
 (Mac) 
 Whoa, murder, murder, kill, kill it's real 
 Shell-Shock turn your neighborhood block into the battle field 
 Nigga, soldier rag still on my eye, no lie 
 I'm camoflauged, I never die, I live longer than them white guys 
 We tattooed, I done gone cashews, ain't no turnin' back 
 Nigga won't be burnin' Mac, uh, I got the thirty gat 
 And it get trifer, but I'm a lifer 
 A camoflauge sniper, from the rooftop I might ignite ya 
 4th Verse: (Lil' Gotti Gambino, Skull Dugrey) 
 (Lil' Gotti Gambino) 
 Gotti I told ya', I'm a muthafuckin' soldier 
 Forty calibers and doja, what keep makin' holes 
 Nationwide exposure, for me and my brethren 
 For Fiend to bust'em, leavin' my enemies bleedin' 
 Being a soldier many fourteens, I be needin' 
 A No Limit soldier, till the day of my leave 
 (Skull Dugrey) 
 I been a No Limit soldier since 1994 
 Them niggas know one thing, that Skull broked in the door 
 They watched me in Waco, as I bring the flow 
 What you sayin', hanh you nigga? You bitch? Yeah, you hoe! 
 You know one thing you can't be fuckin' round wit these niggas 
 Niggas out the tank, straight spittin' on you niggas 
 You nigga! You think, you gonna get away 
 Slammin' jive bitches like you, dead in the pavement! 
 5th Verse: (Big Ed, Mia X) 
 (Big Ed) 
 Nigga make some room! Nigga, Back up, back up 
 Forget that thing out the trunk, and act up, act up 
 Got my tank dogs steppin' camoflauge fatigues 
 I represent like a loaded weapon, paper bought wit P 
 When I get that thing, everybody look down and round and round 
 Got the M-1 spittin' fire, bring yo' set to the ground 
 Got the C-4 explosives in the black backpack 
 Big Ed be puttin' down like that! 
 (Mia X) 
 We come strapped in we roll thick 
 We represent that TRU click 
 Playa Haters, yeah we know who you are 
 Make infrared shine on your head like the North Star 
 Bomb shit, boss bitch, mama set it off 
 Let it be known cowards you don't wanna go to war 
 The hard hitta still be the biggest mama nigga 
 Swallow yo' shit like a fuckin' Anaconda nigga 
 So, bring it, bring it on, how you wanna do it, what? 
 'Cause next to other's knees, I cover fuckin' dust 
 Anten-Hut nah, take it to the battle field 
 Shoppers gon run, while we kick our enemies doors 
 I ask the lord, they don't want no more? 
 Mama, drama, told ya' No Limit done took over 
 (Silkk) 
 I thought I told ya 
 Pass the doja 
 Game over!