(Feat. Master P) 
 People always talkin' 'bout 
 (I'm what, say what? I'm what, say what?) 
 You're a hustler 
 (I'm what, say what? I'm what, say what?) 
 I don't care what the others think, 
 Just be straight with me (I'm what say what?) 
 (Verse 1: Silkk the Shocker) 
 Huh? Huh? Huh? 
 I know I take chances to make sure I'm sittin' tight 
 Do I get how I live, sometimes I don't get it right 
 My gold and platinum plaques make you know what we did 
 Have the whole world wonderin what Silkk The Shocker, Master P did 
 See it ain't no limit, it's only the beginnin 
 Why 'cause all y'all want us to fall, and hit the wall 
 It'll only take a minute, an see I gets the bomb tree 
 Beats By the Pound shit, it sound sick, rolex, and baguettes all 
 I take this out the ghetto an live up on top 
 Akin flights, an shoppin' sprees, on 504 yachts 
 See money don't change me, make me live a lil bit good 
 Took some of my, family members, an my homies out the hood 
 See we ghetto millionaires, far away when we meet 
 I think they watched us P 'cause about when we speak 
 See I'm too deep to change, everybody know my name 
 I guess I gotta charge it 2 da game 
 (Verse 2: Master P) 
 UGHHH! Green money, I like to count honey, 
 My only bad habit that I like to sell B's honey 
 We hot check the Billboard spot 
 24 g's an P's to make a club rock 
 Now they violent, gotta get it rowdy 
 Peep game gotta Benz, Lex Luger in or out it 
 Don't hate me, the money don't make me 
 It's gonna take 200 million just to break me 
 'Cause I'm a soldier, I thought I told ya 
 I like that doja, but hate the rollers 
 Crystal, greed, an hinace, got cream 
 Makes a brother in a Bentley, from the ghetto 
 There ain't no limit 'cause we livin' large 
 Bought a rolex, a yacht with a gold card 
 You done lately, your girl wanna date me, in my grill 
 For, UGHHH! an I'm straight g 
 (Verse 3: Silkk) 
 I guess they call me a hustler, 'cause of the fast livin' 
 But if I see somethin' I gotta get it, because I have vision 
 An if I like it, I gotta get, if I saw it 
 Went from, over the shows, over the doors 
 House full of floors that's marble, a brand new Ferrari 
 Parked it, when I bought it, see I'm a no limit soldier 
 An I came to get it started, what you, what you think, 
 I'm all about my bank, tryin' to be a multi-millionaire 
 Before I'm old enough to drink, now we can ride bro, no lie bro 
 See nobody be here beside us, so go ahead an fire it up 
 Some girls wanna perk it, my homies like to work it 
 Soldiers from Texas, all the way to Jersey 
 Tick to the tock, all around the clock 
 From the north, to the south, 
 To the east, to the west, it just don't stop 
 So to all my real g's, throw them up high 
 To all the ballers that have the corks of Crystal let it fly 
 That's how we live 
 (Master P/Silkk) 
 No Limit say what? I'm what say what? 
 New Orleans say what? I'm what say what? 
 South side say what? Ugh! I'm what say what? 
 East side say what? I'm what say what? 
 West coast say what? I'm what say what? 
 North side say what? I'm what say what? 
 Silkk The Shocker say what? I'm what say what? 
 No Limit say what? I'm what say what? 
 Ha ha, playas, congratulate, 
 Ain't no hatin' on this side, where the money at? 
 That's what hustlin is about, you heard me? 
 Master P, Silkk The Shocker, hustlin till the izend, 
 Movin thangs how we get it, we gonna get it, how we livin'.