(Phone dialing phone ringing) 
 No Limit Studios. What's up? 
 Who dis is? Who dis is? 
 Nigga this Rappin' 4 tay. Who is this? 
 Uh dis P! 
 P? 
 Yeah this P! 
 P? 
 Yeah! 
 Well P lemme hear ya say "Ungh!" 
 (Voice cracking) Ungh! 
 Nigga this ain't no muthafuckin P! 
 Man hang the phone up. 
 Chorus: Make 'em say "Ungh!" (Ungh!) 
 N nah 'n' nah! (n nah 'n' nah!) 
 (Master P) 
 Nigga, I'm the colonel of the muthafuckin tank 
 Y'all after big thangs, we after big banks 
 3rd Ward hustlas, soldiers in combats 
 My comrades is dealas and killas with TRU tats 
 Never gave a fuck 'bout no hoes or no riches 
 And niggas come short, I'm diggin ditches 
 M.P. pullin stripes, commander-in-chief 
 And fools run up wrong 
 Nigga, I'm knockin' out some teeth 
 I'm down here slangin, rollin' with these hustlers 
 Tryin' to get rid of all you hatas and you bustas 
 Steppin on toes, brakin niggas nose 
 In the projects, nigga, anything goes 
 Breakin fools off 'cause I'm a No Limit soldier 
 At ease, and salute this pass me the dolja 
 (Fiend) 
 Fiend exercising his right of exorcism 
 Bustin' out the expedition, fully choppin hatas 
 Business till about the size of prisons, our mission 
 They heard we scary, No Limit mercenary 
 No tellin' how bad it get, because the worse will vary 
 I heard you make 'em worry, that this for the loot 
 They intimidated by the rounds that the tank shoot 
 Tank dawgs salute! 
 Every robbery we score, 'cause they know 
 Everything Fiend know, mean mo money mo 
 Little Fiend still want the greens 
 The cornbread and the cabbage 
 In your hood remindin you bitches of who the baddest 
 Definitely the maddest, so the crime gon stick em 
 My ungh went twice (ungh, ungh) 
 And ended with nine, get em 
 P gon make ya say Uuunnnggghhh! 
 I'm a make ya say Ah! 
 I'm not Eric B., but garauanteed to move this motherfuckin crowd 
 I stay on like light switches, money 'cause I like riches 
 Hittin nothin' but tight bitches, call me, I might hit ya 
 Nigga make 'em say nah-n-nah, don't trip 
 After I bust yo shit, then after that say na-n-n-nah 
 I hang with niggas, I do my thang with niggas 
 They want to know if I gangbang 
 'Cause I hang with a whole gang of niggas 
 So when we connect bitch 
 Better respect this, I step quick 
 'Cause I got a vicious right hand but ya know what? 
 My left is quick 
 Silkk, you the type of nigga that promotes violence 
 You might be right 
 'Cause I'll step in the club and say somethin' 
 To get that muthafucka to start fightin 
 Bitch, bad as vogues, I'm cold as you see me 
 Be Gs knockin' niggas out ??? off 3-D 
 Peep D, the game that I spit 
 No Limit soldier cross my back 
 I run this muthafucka, TRU niggas 
 I betcha I'll make ya stay back 
 (Mia X) 
 We capitolize and monopolize on everything we see 
 Keep pistols drawed and cocked 
 We got the industry locked, we can't be stopped, too hot 
 Check the spots that we got on billboards 
 The tank can set up roadblocks, we fadin all you hoes 
 Want some mo? 
 Then let's go, stretch you out like elastic 
 Zip that ass up in plastic, have ya folks pickin' caskets 
 We drastic, our tactics is homegrown in the ghetto 
 So feel the wrath of this sista, it's like you fightin 10 niggas 
 Forget the baby boys, it's the biggest mama Mia 
 The unlady like diva, lyrical man eater, believe her 
 Or see her, and get that ass embarrassed 
 If you're a decision maker, guaranteed you'll get carried away 
 So stay in yo place, when ya hear mamma speakin' 
 Cannons spray, clear the way, when ya see the tank creepin' 
 (Mystikal) 
 Hi I'm that nigga that rappers look up to 
 If they want to know how to do it 
 It could be the little bitty skinny muthafucka 
 With the braids in his hair 
 Used to live on Tchopitoulus 
 I done paid my dues, but still playin' the blues 
 Nigga play me like you was scared to lose 
 I'm still a fool, you ain't heard the news 
 I wasn't a No Limit nigga, but I made the move 
 I won't stop now, bitch, I can't stop 
 You can't stop me, so, bitch, don't try 
 We TRU soldiers, and we don't die 
 We keep rollin', n-n-nah-nah-nah 
 All aboard, it's like a band inside 
 The group going hallelujah 
 Niggas goin' to war, got to fightin and shootin inside rumors 
 Little bitch sayin' he there, we there, be where? 
 See there, Silkk there, Fiend there, Mamma there, P there 
 Ain't no salary cap, on top of my dollars 
 I roll with nothin', but them No Limit riders 
 I gets down nigga, I hold my tank up high 
 Watch how many bitches get wild, n-nah-n-nah 
 Chorus and fade