Y'all niggaz ready for this Silkk the Shocker shit? 
 (Y'all niggaz out there bangin') Switch! (claimin red and blue) 
 Y'all niggaz 'bout it? Nigga be a leader not a follower 
 (My muthafuckin TRU tattoo) Uuunnnggghhh! 
 Murder, murder, murder, murder 
 187, 'cause I don't give a fuck 
 (Silkk) 
 Well, it's time to ride, slide 
 Them niggaz that fucked up, they lucked up 
 Seen them niggaz rollin' in they cutlass 
 I'm about act bad, no doubt, I'm a go in they house 
 And if they home, I'm a blast, take them niggaz out 
 'Cause we be bout drama, no fuck that, we bout killin' 
 Drama, fuck all that, stay real when it's time to peel 
 Caps, no doubt, hah I check the house 
 'Cause I ain't gon be satisfied till all y'all stressed out 
 That's a fuckin' shame, I ain't gon be satisfied till I see blood, nigga 
 What you think we was doin' before we was rappin', we was drug dealers 
 You think I'm a let this shit slide 'cause I done got fame 
 Fuck the name, I can't have shit in this fuckin' game 
 Without niggaz tryin' to test nuts, tryin' to act bad 
 I'm a fuck you nigga 
 You gon have a closed casket and I'm gon crack yo mask 
 You talkin' shit, but, bitch, it's goin' down 
 See I was locked up for a second, but now I'm home now 
 It's time for niggaz to get checked, they done pushed me to the limit 
 I was a cool nigga, but now, it's only the beginnin 
 It's time to ride, when it's time to slide, you die 
 No doubt about it, act bad, let's put that on the vibes 
 (Master P) 
 Mr. Wicked, I be comin' hard, just like a hurricane 
 Choo-choo, shootin brains, killin' Mr. Murder, mad 
 Hustla, balla, Mr. fuckin' Do-a-reporter 
 Don't give a fuck about a bitch or a balla 
 Break me off proper, gun in that doctor 
 Gats at yo head, call me Mr. Non-stopper 
 Tech 9 shooter, lady, ruder 
 Down South hustla, West Coast ruler 
 3rd Ward villain, I'm in the killin' 
 They ban my videos from TV, they say they drug dealin' 
 Ice cream slangin, 
 And if the radio don't play this gangsta shit, what are they thinkin'? 
 They could stop, a nigga from comin' up 
 They could stop a young nigga from makin' big bucks 
 Independent, and black owned 
 But still got more money than Al Capone 
 Y'all niggaz can't stop a killa, 
 A murder, a hustla, fuck it, a drug deala 
 But if they shoot, did up with police 
 Ready to run dope from here to the Middle East 
 And call me Mr. Paul 
 'Cause I be smokin' muthafuckas like Steven Seagal 
 Mr. Killa, the ghetto Kadofy 
 And 187 on any nigga that try to stop me 
 (Big Ed) 
 Niggaz, they want to start some stack 
 But if they stack then let it be started 
 And at your funeral, I want to here 'em say dearly departed 
 Because I got it on my mind and on my mind I got's it 
 When I pop ya with this heart rock 
 Make your heart stop 'cause I'm 'bout it 
 Jack you like a New Jersey drive 
 My niggaz are always down for that who ride, I ride 
 Creep with these killas on our tippy tippy toes 
 See the barrel knows where the bullet go 
 And then we smash off in that 4 by 4 
 See we rolled on ya set and then bucked 
 A bunch of niggaz fallen and they can't get up 
 You wants to fuck with this TRU click and get ya khakis creased 
 Get your shirt pressed and the bullets rip through yo chest 
 TRU niggaz don't fall, fool, we to busy flossin 
 It might be your ho we tossin 
 Step to us and we make ya hits like Michael Jackson 
 Cause every nigga in my crew is 'bout it and we packin 
 Ha ha. Now y'all know. We run the muthafuckin streets. 
 No Limit. True to the game. Silkk the Shocker. 
 This shit go out to all y'all gangsta niggaz and gangsta bitches 
 (Soldiers) from Richmond (Atlanta) Down South (Alabama) 
 To the East Coast (to the West Coast) 
 To motherfuckin Kentucky, Missouri (to Florida) to Dallas (Houston) 
 To New Orleans (Austin, Texas) to muthafuckin Miami (D.C.) to 
 Cinnicinnati (Ohio) to D.C. (North Carolina, South Carolina) fuckin' 
 Baton Rouge (Oklahoma) Mississippi (Kansas City) Lafayette (Georgia, 
 Seattle, Washington) Detroit (Omaha, Nebraska) Chicago (Phoenix) 
 To all y'all muthafuckin ghetto (Alberquerque) gangsta (Indiana) real 
 Niggaz and bitches (all y'all niggaz that's locked up) everywhere. 
 Murder, murder, murder, murder. Ha ha. 
 But y'all niggaz betta watch y'all ass 
 (Watch y'all ass) so y'all won't get caught up in motherfuckin 187 
 (a 187) 
 Cause every nigga I know is 'bout it ('Bout it!) 
 Nigga that mean don't trust nobody (these niggaz rowdy) 
 Cause the sreets is real. Believe that.