Featuring Mystikal Silkk The Shocker 
 Get the extra clips 
 There we go 
 (Gangsta shit gangsta shit niggas like me into gangsta shit) 
 (Crooked Eye) 
 Niggas like me make the world go â??round 
 Beats by the pound is them niggas droppin' platnum sounds 
 Niggas like me roll wit extra clips 
 'Cause niggas like me be in some gangsta shit x2 
 Niggas like me quick to pop that steel 
 Because niggas like me, haters trying to kill 
 And uh, niggas like me used to slang birdies 
 Before niggas like me was into are-A-P 
 You see niggas like me ball wit nothin' but thugs 
 30 deep, strapped muggin, in the back of the club 
 It be niggas like me posted up in the cut 
 Ready to light this shit up 'cause I don't give a fuck 
 Niggas like me role wit Master P 
 And that red ass gangsta Mr. be -O-Z 
 Niggas like me from the west to south 
 Niggas like the M-O-be and Mystikal 
 (Mystikal) 
 Muthafucker better hump in your back 
 Clock the glock, hold up the buzz, tear up the club 
 Make these weak ass niggas know the fuck you at 
 When they see you wit yo beer banana 
 Nigga you skipped the line, you get yo shine 
 Make yo money don't play no time 
 Yo hoe big fine, torture line 
 Them niggas don't trip they respect yo mind 
 Excute us to see ya, follow the leader 
 Looked up to a lil trill, want to be ya 
 Black tuxedo wit a 9 milimeter 
 Call Steady Mobb'n we all ready now 
 (Silkk) 
 Mistah hold up 
 Type a niggas goin' behind his fiance goin' out 'n' creep 
 And at the weddn', any reason why these two shouldn't be married, she a 
 Freak 
 I be the typa nigga that holds his own 
 That typa niggas block be holdn' his own 
 Ya know I be sayin' buzz, holdn' the crome 
 Below holdn' the dough like, what went wrong 
 No findn' jail I box the more 
 I just knocked poped on the door 
 If I don't kill us, live that pop smoke 
 Who you think I am, fuck y'all, steady mobb'n 
 (Crooked Eye) 
 (Billy Bavgate) 
 Niggas like me got you smokin' dat weed 
 Sellin' dat D, north south west to tha east 
 They say, a nigga like me, I put the funk in tha streets 
 My lig go broke, I put the broke in the streets 
 I'm a public enemy on my enemies 
 Drug dealers feeln' me I'm smokn' my weed 
 Till these jealous niggas bury me 
 Bury me real in the pine box 
 Put me next to moms and pops 
 One love to the niggas dumpin shots at cops 
 For the crooked shit they do man it's got to stop 
 And they say, a nigga like me am I a menace on the streets 
 'Cause I handle my business when we meet 
 (Crooked Eye) 
 Yeah, this dedicated to them real gangstas. 
 Mystikal, he into gangsta shit. 
 Steady Mobb'n, we into gangsta shit. 
 Silkk The Shocker, he into gangsta shit. 
 See-Murder, you into gangsta shit. 
 And the Colonel Master P into gangsta shit. 
 Big Boz, he into gangsta shit. 
 N-O L-I-M-I-T into gangsta shit. 
 Yeah, Beats By The Pound. 
 Puttin' it down. 
 You other producers back up and put them drumsticks down. 
 Craig be, O'Dell, that nigga KL. 
 Mo D, and beats by Los. 
 Don't even play these niggas close.