Ungh! (let's get ready to rumble) 
 Where ya from? Where ya from? (ya heard me) 
 That 3rd Ward. Time to start this fight, you fuckin' right 
 Bitch, get off me, buckle up nigga! 
 Who run this bitch, we run this bitch 
 That 'bout it shit, we started this shit 
 Cause ain't no party like a No Limit party 
 I'm a No Limit Soldier for life 
 So fuck y'all bitches (fuck y'all niggaz) 
 Fuck y'all bitches (fuck y'all niggaz) 
 Cause all hoes suck dick 
 (All niggaz lick lips) 
 (Mia X) 
 Nigga, I bet you gotta bitch on the side 
 But I gotta 9 on mine and it's about that time 
 That I spit the game like it's supposed to be spat 
 Cause niggaz ain't worth shit except for lickin' cat 
 And fixin flats, after I done stuck yo shit 
 'Cause I'm the wrong ghetto bitch to be fuckin' with 
 The roughest bitch, you wouldn't wanna bust them, bitch 
 If I'm the same ho that had your mama huffin, bitch 
 And puffin, bitch, and yes I'm known to suck some quick 
 'Cause I done told you once before the ladies run this shit 
 We run this shit, ever since the last true lick 
 And yet ya punks still screamin all hoes suck dick 
 But fuck that shit, cause niggaz love to suck them lips 
 And lick that clit, and pay yo bitch to lay yo bitch 
 To say they hit, ho stuntin ass tricks 
 Uh uh, sweatin tired sayin' they quit 
 Is that it? 
 Now ain't that fake 
 No stars for your chest, I coulda had a V8 
 Mia X is known to take a nigga for his keys and Gs 
 Government and cum and then they extra fun 
 Cause all niggaz buy pussy, cry for pussy, lie for pussy 
 Live for pussy, steal for pussy 
 Rap for pussy, kill for pussy 
 Even though they try to stunt 
 They leave they folks stuck out behind a fat, hairy cunt 
 Up front, when a nigga start to trip 
 Ha ha, laugh dead in they face 'cause they just talkin' shit 
 (Do the ladies run this muthafucka, hell, yeah) 
 Do the niggaz run this muthafucka, hell, yeah 
 Bitch get off me (bitch get off me) 
 Bitch get off me (bitch get off me) 
 Buckle up, nigga, here it go, nigga 
 Buckle up, nigga, here it go, nigga 
 (Silkk) 
 I'm so gangstafied, stay high till I die 
 Smoke for free, I reply not with me 
 'Cause I get cheese, 
 Nothin' comes free but this dick and gum 
 I be fresh up outta gum, 'cause I be to my last one 
 Y'all niggaz got the game backwards, 
 Buyin dinner then fuck 
 I fucks first, and say fuck dinner 
 Then I hits and cut 
 Because if you want to get paid, be a hooker 
 See this ho, run and borrowin nothin' 
 But dope, money, and pussy 
 Now niggaz sell dope to make money to spend on hoes 
 But I, fucks hoes, and make them hoes buy my clothes 
 ? From head to toe, Converse on my feet 
 You call me young Spanish flyer 
 I took them hoes in heat 
 Now I'm a peep this game, as I see the game unfold 
 Now hoes be tryin' to get for the money 
 The whole truck load, but fuck hoes 
 Then I duck, cut, hit 'em then I slit em 
 I spit game to em, and then I bet you I'ma get em 
 I fucks one hoe two hoe three hoe four 
 And if I get some condoms, I'ma fuck some more 
 Now if you know Silkk, you know that I be plottin 
 Your girlfriend, she be down 
 I catch her on the rebound like I was robbin her 
 So fuck y'all hoes (suck these holes) 
 Fuck y'all hoes (suck these holes) 
 Ain't no party like a No Limit party 
 I'm a No Limit soldier for life 
 So buckle up, nigga, guard your grill, nigga 
 Here go the trigga, duck down, nigga (Blue!) 
 (Master P) 
 Bitch you bout, bout what, suckin dick? 
 I ain't gon tell ya partnas that you did me and my homey in 
 You bitches is crazy, tryin' to have my baby 
 Sniffin on my riches, ho, suck some daisies 
 I'm spreadin rumors on you hoes like I'm in social clubs 
 What about me, you, yo sista in my bathtub 
 You lookin' fine in yo DKNY 
 Versace on yo eyes, ? bags on yo side 
 Yo bitch don't get rolled, and yo earrings hang side to side 
 Yo rent no Lexus, damn, let's go take a ride 
 'Cause if you was a part on a car you'd be a fender 
 Cause underneath all that expensive shit bitch you a pretender 
 If suckin dick was a crime, you'd get 25 to life 
 Oh, Miss Thang, I ain't mad at you for bein with somebody else 
 Why, see I'm from the south, I keep hoes in the chicken coop 
 I got bitches lined up in they birthday suit 
 You want me to cum in your pussy, I'm a cum in your throat 
 And if the rubber pop, then swallow ho 
 Cause all hoes suck dick 
 I ain't Too $hort, but fuck you, bitch 
 So fuck you hoes (fuck them niggaz) 
 Fuck you hoes (fuck them niggaz) 
 Shake that ass, ho (trick that cash, ho) 
 Bounce that azz, bitch (break me off, bitch) 
 So ride the dick, ho (grow a dick, bitch) 
 I say ride this dick, ho (eat this clit, bitch) 
 Where ya from, where ya from, where ya from, where ya from 
 Where ya from, where ya from, where ya from? 
 Get 'em up (if you from Down South) 
 Get 'em up, get 'em up, get 'em up 
 Get 'em up (if you from the west coast) 
 Get 'em up, get 'em up, get 'em up, 
 Get 'em up (if you from the east coast) 
 Get 'em up, boot it up, boot it up 
 Show the gold! (cause niggaz Down South ain't takin' no shit) 
 Where ya from, where ya from, where ya from? 
 When I say bitch, you say get off me 
 Bitch (get off me) 
 Bitch (get off me) 
 Bitch (get off me) bitch 
 Bitch (get off me) bitch 
 Do the niggaz run this muthafucka? 
 Hell, yeah 
 (Do the ladies run this muthafucka?) 
 (Hell, yeah) 
 Muthafuckin No Limit party, nigga (Ungh!) nigga