Silkk the shocker lyrics 
 "Throw Yo Hood Up" 
 (Feat. Master P, Snoop Doggy Dogg) 
 (Snoop Doggy Dogg Talking) 
 No Limit, yeah southern hospitality we seizin it on you, my nigga Silkk 
 The Shocker, Snoop D, O double G, Y, D, O double G, beats by the pizound, 
 You know what I'm sayin'? From the NO to the LBC. 
 (Snoop) 
 All my real gangstas throw yo hood up 
 Throw yo hood up, throw yo hood up 
 (Silkk) 
 Now to all my real soldiers throw yo hood up 
 Throw yo hood up, throw yo hood up 
 (Snoop) 
 Fancy cars, diamond rings, bad ass bitches 
 Lots of cocaine, smokin' on the best bud 
 Givin' up that west love 
 Got them bitches shakin they ass, all in the club 
 (Silkk) 
 Now some call us the players, others call us the pimps 
 So on the level lets talk about hoes 
 Some hoes dig us an lets talk about pimp shhh 
 You know we don't show no tricks or bitch niggas no love 
 You should know all the way to Snoop 
 Nigga pimpin's all up in our blood 
 (Snoop) 
 Now trip this for a second nigga 
 I'm bout to drop some more pimp shit on yo ass 
 Have you ever slapped a bitch? 
 Have you ever counted over a thousand dollars in cash? 
 Nigga if you ain't never did that shit before 
 Get the fuck up out my face, 'fore 
 I have to pull this tray 8 up out my muthafuckin waist 
 (Silkk) 
 An if you don't do it, I'm a do it 
 These niggas be talkin' so bad, an ??? 
 I could slap a bitch, like I had a million dollars in cash 
 So it ain't no thang, bitch backed up 
 Give a nigga some room before I bust 
 I give a fuck about a hoe, I might get a fuckin' nut 
 Get tha fuck an get up, throw it up 
 (Snoop) 
 It's the S, N double O, P 
 Nigga an this is Silkk The Shocker 
 Automatic with rockers, yo girl automatic gonna jock us 
 From the LB to the NO, represent 
 Me an my camp for, blaze up like indo 
 Like dirt up in a rental 
 (Silkk) 
 Nigga at the right place we caught you at the wrong time 
 An my team bout to beat you down, ain't no fuckin' game 
 You threw up the wrong sign 
 See I went from hundred dollar rock spots 
 To umm, million dollar raps 
 I want a 1.5 from the day I turn this debt 
 (Snoop) 
 Now Peter Piper picked peppers, while I pimped hoes 
 An my white drop rolls, an it's sittin' on vogues 
 Jack was nimble, was nimble 
 Nigga he was a bitch, let niggas smack him 
 Punk him, an jackin his shit, when you in it, you gotta get ignit 
 'Cause niggas will play you, lay you, then they spray you 
 Ok you, gotta little money an you figure you hard 
 You bought two pitbulls for your big backyard 
 Now let me be frank with you, in this game 
 You betta have a lotta homies, some straps an a tank 
 With you, 'cause these niggas they be playin' for keeps 
 While you sleepin', they creepin', that's word to my mama 
 All my real gangstas, I'm what, nigga what? 
 All my real soldiers, I'm what, nigga what? 
 (Silkk) 
 I'm a G-A-N-S-T to the A 
 I got niggas throwin' up they hood from NY to ZA 
 I probably won't get five mics 'cause I hurt this much 
 But they don't understand, that's why I'm worth this much 
 See all my real ass soldiers grab yo shit an act bad 
 An all my real niggas grab the guns, weed, an 
 My mission to cash, see y'all busters can't hold me down 
 Like the police they had the wrong guy an if I tell you somethin' 
 Believe it like you seen it with your own eyes 
 Damn tell you what, meanin' what? 
 See I make gangsta shit they wanna tell us clean it up 
 Now I walked in, straight up outta some thuggish shit 
 Don't tell me nothin' to be here try to tear the club up bitch 
 Now don't have me trade the mutha fuckin' tape for the crack 
 Don't have me go back to tradin the mic for the gat 
 (See you love them hoes back in the days) 
 Nigga please, you gonna fall back like ? without a sack 
 So either fall back on keys or forty g's 
 See I'm bout bigger paydays, I don't set trip, I set clips into AK's 
 See I done shit bitch, not see me go, I run shit bitch 
 Like a CEO, now Snoop how you spell gangsta? Spell it DPG 
 An I spell soldier N-O-L-I, M-I to the T 
 (That's 'cause we different riders) 
 (Master P) 
 What? I'm nigga, nigga what? I'm nigga what, I'm nigga, what, what? 
 I'm nigga what? I'm nigga, nigga what? I'm nigga what, I'm nigga, nigga 
 What? From the NO to the L-B, B, haha, from the east to the west coast, 
 To that dirty mutha fuckin' south, to the nizorth, my little brother 
 Silkk The Shizocker, an Snoop. (Real niggas unite you heard me?) That's 
 How we do it nigga, playas fool, now destroyed them mutha fuckin' 
 Enemies.