Uh. know what I mean 
 We all, we all got our own thing, 
 And here's mine... 
 Verse one: 
 Now my things was cool 
 I swore id never break the rules 
 Straight with you 'cause I could relate to you 
 Stay with you 
 Special in my book 
 In my point of view he couldn't sex you like I could 
 You got with you wanted 
 And flaunted what you wanted 
 And I went a little further even when you didn't want it 
 Cause right in time, right what I had in mind 
 Plus your heads been right in mine (my mind) 
 So I took the time, my choice was to love you. 
 And I didn't listen when they said never should I trust you. 
 So why must you take me for granted 
 I swore you loved me too, damn ill never understand it. 
 I'm a man with feeling to and I'm a fool for the way I still feel for you. 
 But here's to you, I'm a better man then that 
 You took my heart then and now I want it back 
 So come on 
 Told me you and I might live together someday (someday) 
 Now I see it in a whole new other way 
 And ain't gonna lie girl you need to realize 
 I'm staying home tonight (so come on) 
 Said I wanna be alone (said I wanna be alone) 
 All by myself 
 Said I'm staying home, I don't need no one else (wanna be alone) 
 Verse two: 
 I was cool, gave you one more chance 
 You gave the same old song, same old dance, 
 So hell with it, I had to face that shit. 
 You was to immature for relationships, 
 So I moved on for the time being, 
 Then I heard a lie, there's a guy that you were caught seeing, 
 I flipped shits, but you flipped shits right back, 
 You cried you knew I wouldn't do you like that, 
 Still my heart was lonely, nobody to hold me. 
 You was my only, damn girl you was my homie, 
 You know me, you said you were stuck back there, 
 So when I tried you leave you sucked me right back in. 
 Why would I taste what I already ate? 
 So I took time to get my priorities straight. 
 So listen you know me well I hate to doubt you, 
 But girl truth is I'm better off without you and 
 Told me you and I might live together someday (someday) 
 Now I see it in a whole new other way 
 And ain't gonna lie girl you need to realize 
 I'm staying home tonight (so come on) 
 Said I wanna be alone (said I wanna be alone) 
 All by myself 
 Said I'm staying home, I don't need no one (wanna be alone) 
 Verse three: 
 Damn girl I thought it never would end. 
 But this is it that's all, never again. 
 I couldn't deal with it then and I sure can't now. 
 So what makes you think I'ma let you hold me down, no. 
 I told you before never to roam but this is real when I say leave me alone. 
 I gotta be on my own, and you do too. 
 Through and through just please let me do what I do. 
 Maybe sometime soon we can both be friends, 
 But for now this is where its suppose to end. 
 My brain is sick, my heart is torn, my arms are empty, 
 But baby girl I just need to be alone, 
 My heart will beat alone, and I keep my head up. 
 But truth is now I'm a little bit fed up. 
 I don't hate you though, you still close to me. 
 So lets just go back to how we used to be, cool... 
 Told me you and I might live together someday (someday) 
 Now I see it in a whole new other way 
 And ain't gonna lie girl you need to realize 
 I'm staying home tonight (so come on) 
 Said I wanna be alone (said I wanna be alone) 
 All by myself (no no no no no) 
 Said I'm staying home, I don't need no one (wanna be alone) 
 I don't wanna be here in this chair, 
 Waiting on you aw baby, to see things my way 
 Why don't you see things my way 
 (Whoa) 
 Told me you and I might live together someday (someday) 
 Now I see it in a whole new other way 
 And ain't gonna lie girl you need to realize 
 I'm staying home tonight (so come on) 
 Said I wanna be alone (no no no no no) 
 All by myself 
 Said I'm staying home (said I'm staying home) 
 I don't need no one (wanna be alone) 
 I'm so gone.