Uh... 
 And it just keeps going (yeah) 
 And it just keeps... 
 So I'm in the airport getting ready to leave 
 Headed to a friends wedding in the NYC 
 But my head's been spinning, I'm forgettin to eat 
 All this jet setting has been getting to me 
 It's already 11:20, I'm ready to sleep 
 But instead I end up sitting in a 27C 
 An aisle seat, fine by me, 
 But the guy that's insides always trying to pee 
 With a wild child behind me that's crying and keeps 
 Flippin out and kickin at me while it violently screams 
 So I silently plea "Oh God, please, 
 Let there be a hotty sitting in 27B 
 But of course a morbidly obese beast is in the seat that wheezes when it breaths 
 Dude sitting D is at least three deep and he keeps telling me what's wrong with his knees 
 Osgood Schlatters, just need water 
 But for a bottle they charge two dollars 
 And when I thought that it couldn't get worse, I forgot my ipod. 
 Oh... I'm having a bad day, nothing ever seems to go my way 
 Everybody needs to go away, Why? Because I'm having a bad day 
 Uh... and it just keeps going, and it just keeps... 
 And it just keeps going, and it just keeps... 
 So 4 hours of turbulence 
 We land and I'm about to turd in my pants 
 But the captain is seatbelt fastened 
 So my ass is just passin gas'n 
 And at last I escape from the plane 
 When I'm minutes away from clinical insane 
 I make my way towards baggage claim 
 When I hear a high pitch voice screaming my name 
 Some dumb bitch I went to high school with 
 While she's sweating she tells me that she likes my shit 
 I just smile and think about how great it would be 
 If I could just hit this chick with a quick leg sweep 
 So I pick up my L.L. Bean and B-Line for the next taxi 
 In need of weed and boxer briefs 
 But my bags only got Maxis 
 I check in to my hotel room 
 And I pick up my cellphone and dial the groom 
 Tell him my mood and how I ordering food 
 And I'm probably gonna stay in and watch a movie 
 But the tube has no HBO 
 So anything I want I'm paying fo' 
 But I'm lame and broke so I'm laying in a robe 
 Watching that little people big world show 
 Right then there's a knock at the door 
 It's my last hope for a Spanish whore 
 Who will change my sheets in exchange for penis 
 "Hi I've lost my cat, have you seen it?" 
 Jesus, this day is the worst 
 At least I can give little me a jerk 
 And then go to sleep, healthy and disease-less 
 I guess it could be worse but I'm just...