DJ cannon: 
 Holla At Me! 
 Asher roth: 
 Yo, Cannon! 
 What would this mixtape be, if I didn't get on the one beat 
 That everbody gets on? (DRAMATIC!) 
 You know I had to, dog... 
 You know the world's gone mad 
 When blacks wear plaid 
 And Mariah has married Nick Can-non 
 Or when a boy from the burbs 
 Has the nerves to converge 
 On a mixtape with DJ Cannon? (The CANNON!) 
 You know the world's gone mad 
 When blacks wear plaid 
 And Mariah has married Nick Can-non 
 Or when a boy from the burbs 
 Has the nerves to converge 
 On a mixtape with DJ Cannon? 
 DJ cannon: 
 All right... Now if you really feel like that, Keep going! 
 I don't know what else to tell you, Go in! 
 Asher roth: 
 Yo, Cannon! 
 What would this mixtape be, if I didn't get on the one beat 
 That everbody gets on? (I don't know, homie!) 
 You know I had to, dog... (STEPS BACK!) 
 You know the world's gone mad 
 When blacks wear plaid 
 And Mariah has married Nick Can-non (GET EM!) 
 Or when a boy from the burbs 
 Has the nerves to converge 
 On a mixtape with DJ Cannon? (CANNON!) 
 Aww, God Damn-it, 
 That's the last straw, can't stand it 
 You all must be reprimanded 
 Spank that fan-ny, Man-ny 
 So uncanny, Ginobli flow left-handed 
 Yes, I am a fan of Da-kota Fanning, 
 And I Am Sam, out-standing! 
 My Sean Penn-manship is fan-cy, 
 Yeah, my rhe-to-ric is dan-dy 
 I circumvent my words (TRENDSETTER!) 
 And vent for the burbs, 
 I have emerged Ad Ven-ti, 
 Dos años, vamos, pronto, let's go, 
 Her lip gloss tastes like can-dy 
 Got more jazz than Jerry Sloan, 
 Pizzazz and swagg alone, 
 I have a bigger head that that of Barry Bonds; 
 Y'all eat scraps, I eat (SALMON!) 
 With fresh fruit, covered in (DANNON!) 
 If Da Boy had a boy with Brad Pitt in Troy, 
 Then out from the loins, I'd be born; 
 If Jason Bourne was to record and join forces with Zack Morris, 
 They'd form my performance 
 Beats and rhymes fornicate, form greatness, 
 Like, \"Let's face it... He's so amazing!\" 
 Yeah, with Lasiks, he still can't ace my eye exam, 
 Naw, man, let's try again; 
 I've got lungs like Iron Man, 
 I hit the bong, while you must extend your dia-phragm 
 But, let's get higher, man; 
 I gotta a brand new strand that I got out in Ire-land 
 From a wild, frantic Irish-man, 
 Who said his name was (SHANNON!) 
 Higgins, Killians, and a pint of Guinness, 
 And I ain't gon stop till I'm finished; 
 Till I learn Yiddish, or find a little kid who likes spinach 
 Can't nobody beat me in Quidditch 
 Not any widditch, spidditch, wits, I'm sick wit' it, 
 Riddi-dick, my spit game is vicious 
 This is 
 Never did shit for my I'm-age; 
 College kid is where I found my niche, SNITCH! 
 Tell the whole world I'm the shit, Un- 
 Tell the whole world on my dick, then 
 Hell yeah, word, I'll be rich, and 
 I'll buy the whole world Sega Genesis 
 Spittin' lint to come, 
 Hell yeah, I got a (CANNON!) 
 See me on the streets, take a pick with yo' cannon 
 Then get it lami-nated, frame it, save it, 
 'Cause in a couple days, I'll be famous 
 Then you can say, Holy Shit, there he is! That's the kid! 
 I forget what his name is... starts with an 'A', ends with a 'Sher'. 
 Bringing hip-hop into the burbs