Oh my god! Yaaaaaaaah! 
 Oh yeah! Oh my god yeah! 
 This is awesome! So awesome! (Yaaaah!) 
 Cannon! (cannon!) 
 They know me, this yo I spit like a little kid. 
 Rap thinks I'm a dirty hippie?icky. 
 Harry potter, don't you try nothing tricky. 
 Muggles befuddled by my?wizardry. 
 Pancake ?misery? of all any beat. 
 I am instinctively syncing my energy, 
 With the high heavens. 
 Secretly developing a brand new pedigree, specialty, a better me. 
 I essentially, must defeat what is left of me?the evil me. 
 May you rest in pieces. 
 Recently deceased, I believe that world peace is, 
 Easily in reach if religion is decreased. Eh. 
 G-G-G-Gs! 
 I don't believe in Jesus 
 Does that mean that I am a DEMON? 
 Couldn't God and Allah have the same meaning giving someone something to believe in? 
 'Cause these days, between the T-Vay and what I read, I don't foresee a brand new way 
 Of living in the U-S of A. 
 Do us a Fay-vor?I think we need to smoke some WAyD! 
 Yes! Excuse me waiter, where are my capers? 
 (Forreal, I don't wanna be a pain in the ass but I wanted capers on this salad YEA BOI!) 
 And we act (we act) 
 Like they know (like they know) 
 But it's clear (it's clear) 
 That they don't (that they don?t) 
 So we bitch (yeah, we bitch) 
 And we moan (and we moan) 
 And won't switch (and won't switch) 
 Till we vote?and pick a new leader for the new year 
 YES WE CAN! Did you hear? That's the new cheer. 
 Twenty-twelve. Did you hear? That's the new fear. 
 So, oh well, roll a blunt, get a new beer. 
 Ash be the truth?sorry yo, I'm new here. 
 Did not introduce me. 
 I am so rude-arrrrrogant shoes, hell yeah they be a new pair. (good grief) 
 Hell, oh well, tell me who cares. 
 Who dares to play musical chairs with the fair-skinned Farrah Khan of hims? 
 I am sit-ting, sticking my ?one dick in? writtens. 
 A Maryland terrapin, American lyricist with a pen, they call me a terrorist 'cause I can embarrass the top ten. I guess I am Clark Kent. Ash Roth, uh, add me as a top friend.