(Feat. Busta Rhymes, New Kingdom) 
 (Asher Roth) 
 Pretty girl, you know that you so hot (hot, hot-hot) 
 How about I take you to my spot? (spot, spot-spot) 
 We can take off all our clothes, evoke our animal' 
 You hear my lion roar, head high, eyes closed 
 You begin to describe all things we do in a big big bed in an empty room 
 Look at you on me then me on you with a warm washcloth and a few ice cubes 
 Did it get so wet? No I'm not my best when I make you sweat 
 Ready now get set cause you get no rest 
 I'ma smack that butt, I'ma grab them breasts 
 Yeah, tell me what you like (like) can I scratch and bite? (bite) 
 We can scratch that fight (fight) make it last all night 
 Slidin on your side and curves, satisfy the primal urge 
 Ridin' on you back and forth, that's how you make my lion roar 
 (Chorus: New Kingdom) 
 Head high, I'm low 
 Hear my, lion roar (ooh) 
 Lion roar (ooh) 
 Head high, I'm low 
 Hear my, lion roar (ooh) 
 Lion roar (ooh) 
 (Asher Roth) 
 Yeah yeah... 
 On the mic I'm a beast, I'm a big bad beast 
 I could speak that heat, I don't need no reason 
 Jeepers, them big teeth you be feedin 
 Better leave now, I'm 'bout to be eatin 
 Even you stick around and we beatin' 
 Bleedin, have him laid out on the cement 
 Breathin, I had him back in your team and 
 Leave in peace and have a safe evenin 
 Beef is not what I like to do 
 Speakin' just to enlighten you 
 Teach him a rhyme and preach in the mind and 
 A beautiful thing keep fightin through 
 Just how big's the fight in you? Tight and high and mighty or 
 A lighty, hide your heiny when a giant hasn't frightened you (you) 
 Look in my eyes (eyes) you see my pride? (pride) 
 You see the fire (fire) burnin down the side 
 Will and drive'll make a man, doin' what you say I can 
 Oh you think I'm playin'? Well let's see just what you made of then 
 (Busta Rhymes) 
 Busta Bust and I'm back on my BULLSHIT NOW! 
 C'mon! Got to make you wanna jump jump jump 
 And I come with another banger and I know you wanna bump 
 Cap and gown when I smack you down 
 And I graduated homie bangin' in the trunk 
 Put yo' hands where my eyes could see 
 Let me take this thing to where it really need to be 
 One-two-three, let me take time 
 To remind y'all that you can't fuck with me 
 Shake yo' ass on the way to the flo' 
 In the dungeon drinkin' and the lions roar 
 All my little mamis come to the crib 
 Let me pound on the coochie until it gets sore 
 Then I laugh and cough when I flash and floss 
 Moment when I get cash as a boss 
 Asher Roth, I'm comin' too 
 'Cause I heard that you got a lot of ass in the loft 
 See I ain't playin' mister 
 I'm 'bout to twist your sister 
 That's how we do it killer, yeah! 
 (Lion roar) Yeah! (Lion roar) 
 (Outro: Asher Roth) 
 That's when I let my lion roar (lion roar) 
 That's when I let my lion roar (lion roar) 
 That's when I let my lion roar (lion roar) 
 That's when I let my lion roar (lion roar) 
 That's when I let my lion roar (lion roar) 
 That's when I let my lion roar (lion roar) 
 (Lion roar... lion roar... lion roar)