I'm a criminal 
 He's a criminal 
 She's a criminal 
 We some criminal's 
 Wouldn't you like to be a criminal too 
 And we thuggin'! 
 Uh huh 
 Lil boy... from tha south from tha mind to the heart 
 Tru thug niggas from tha heart boy... tru nigga aka... stick up kid 
 (I gots to have it) I gotta have it... I live the fast life ya herd? 
 I live the fast life the world ain't big enough for us 
 Check it out... 
 I'm a criminal detrimental to your health I break bread with any nigga bad for 
 Your health project boy c-murda milla straight up killa thug nigga somthin 
 Cajun witha pilla tha reefa put ya in a sleepa a night creepa I put 187 in ya 
 Beepa mah phone calls shit I think its tapped ?(had to feel ya with tha whole 
 Comble? by the gurt nap gun clappa aka the gun clappa ask my tru niggas we 
 Murderers and we rappas straight criminals from the bush to my shoes I done 
 Paid my dues I don't leave no clues 'cause I'm... 
 Criminal minded (x4) 
 Six in the morn po po's at my door just incase the yellow tape at the liquor 
 Store the white chalk around the victim witha vest it was a mess my ashtray was 
 Full of sess? you gotta warrant lets conversate upon the porch but I ain't 
 Trippin' I'm thinkin' bout that roach a misdemeanor that'll lead to a drugbust 90 
 Kilos in the yard on the schoolbus can't shake? angola to ride this out san 
 Quinton my niggas ain't bullshittin' but I ain't snitchin shit I'm official get 
 The tissue 30 years I'm a miss you 
 Criminal minded (x4) 
 (Afficial) 
 Use a bitch nigga only bust at the feds I better take it like a man if they 
 Give me the chair when them toys come out everbody hit the deck 'cause them hot 
 Slugs come out fast like fed-ex I'm talkin' big guns that'll chop ya body remove 
 Ya stomach from ya hip I roll witha real click- we livin' the fast life and we 
 Ain't slowin it down I'm hot like gun shells when they hittin the ground you 
 Niggas them kinda thugs that'll just be nervous get a body from my city 
 ?????????Deserve us no matta the charge misdemeanor murda or fraud hoe's bail 
 Like they teach in university halls 
 Criminal minded (x8)