(Master P) 
 ????? 
 Hate to come at ya like this here man 
 I know I'm down bad for this lil daddy... but uh... 
 Won't you front me one them quiz-arters fore I have 
 To put that thiz-ang on ya... Ya heard me?! 
 You betta get yo mind right 
 You betta get yo mind right (It's an uptown thang) 
 You betta get yo mind right (It's a downtown thang) 
 You betta get yo mind right (It's a westbank thang) 
 You... betta...(It's a eastbank thang)..get yo mind right... get yo mind right 
 (Master P) 
 I know a couple fire girls that like to dress shob 
 I got a bad habit, so I might kill and rob 
 But say Oh Na Nae, ape out tha way 
 This boy don't play, I got that deuce wit that Tre 
 So step to me if you want to, I got some soldiers on tha corner 
 (Hoody-Hoo!) Hoody-Hoo if you a goner, don't say I didn't warn ya 
 You think that I'm fakin? You want to bump? You got some bacon? 
 Its hot where I'm at 'cause the police be chasin 
 I'm in tha press tryin' to check on my dope 
 Through tha mac, from tha meadow, to tha Calliope 
 I got a big body Benz, so you know I got ends, I don't have that many friends 
 'Cause them niggaz will do ya in! 
 Get Yo Mind Right (8X) 
 You... betta... get yo mind right 
 Get yo mind right 
 (C-Murder) 
 Man its hot! (How hot?) Man hotter than before 
 I just seen a little kid got shot up at the store 
 Another soldier done fell, will his killer go to hell? 
 Old lady seen it all, but she won't tell 
 Who really cares wit his dark skin and hair kinda nappy 
 Preacher said: "don't worry, be happy" 
 A momma cries, a baby dies, and she'll never get to see her son's eyes 
 A lot of genocide got us killin' up our own kind 
 Are we that blind? Or we committed to crime? 
 Don't be foolish! A weak mind can't fight 
 That's what they want (That's what they want), so you betta get yo mind right 
 Get Yo Mind Right (8X) 
 You... betta... get yo mind right... get yo mind right (2X) 
 Get yo mind right (8X) 
 You... betta... get yo mind right... get yo mind right (2X)