(C Murder) 
 Motherfuckers always wonderin why this nigga winding up dead. 
 Why is this nigga dead. 
 It's because motherfuckers out here is stupid. 
 They giving to it some motherfuckin body. 
 They cross a nigga. 
 And they don't watch their motherfuckin back. 
 Niggas gonna retaliate. 
 You can't cross a nigga without gettin' it. 
 Cause a motherfucker realize that. 
 I ain't runnin'. 
 I gotta get 'em fore they get me, I ain't runnin' 
 I got my TRU niggas with me and we strapped 
 I gotta get 'em fore they get me, I ain't runnin' 
 I got my TRU niggas with me and they gunnin 
 I gotta get 'em fore they get me, I ain't runnin' 
 I got my TRU niggas with me and we riders 
 I gotta get 'em fore they get me, I ain't runnin' 
 I got my TRU niggas with me and we strapped 
 I got beef with some niggas on the other side 
 Them fools cross me, now somebody gotta die 
 I got the twins in the lex with the black tint 
 I told 'em bust if you see a motherfucker flinch 
 I guess them busters want to see if the tank real 
 They wasn't satisfied when they homie got killed 
 I ain't banging on no motherfucking tape nigga 
 Test me and I'm gonna celebrate your dead day 
 I can't sleep when my enemy is looking for me 
 I'm paranoid niggas tryin' to take my soul from me 
 But I ain't runnin' I'm a look 'em dead in the eye 
 I'm a real nigga and real niggas don't die 
 (Kane and Abel) 
 Hot lead at your head at the speed of light 
 Can't outrun a bullet, you goin' die tonight 
 It ain't right but that's the way its gotta be 
 The circumstance is the murderman dance 
 Me and my brother made the world pitch black ready for combat 
 Automatic gats for weed packs stay strapped 
 Playa some niggas came but everybody ain't able 
 Dick hard starin' at a hundred G's on the kitchen table 
 They say my status turn to casualties when I squeeze 
 Hit 'em up with two two threes, bodies scatter like the breeze 
 Fatal injuries, I feel sorry for your mother 
 But I got this motherfucker fore he got me get em 
 (C-Murder)