I'm here to let the whole world know I'm hard to control. 
 You can't conquer my soul. 
 Bossalinie, a living legend. 
 With physical evidence of a world full of curroption and greed. 
 It's like a jungle, sometimes it makes me wonder 
 How I keep from going under, I keep from going under x2 
 Random deaths on the block, young nigga packin glocks 
 Picture me a TRU nigga, visualizing fools dying quicker 
 Murder murder's in the heart of every killer 
 Take a look into his eyes, it's evidence of a homocide 
 Life's get tooken faster then the egg leave the womb 
 Consider me in danger 'cause I know I'm dying soon 
 Twenty five years incarceration if I pull it 
 Bring the yellow tape, niggas can't overcome my bullet 
 Went to jail tryin' to get paid, still on my rampage 
 Jump behind some bushes, dodging cops, another close shave 
 I'm bumpin heads with the reaper on a daily basis 
 Can't sleep with nightmares of dead faces 
 Fuck the man in the mirror, I don't trust him 
 Check his weapon, he's ashamed, got his boy blood on a muzzle 
 That's why I turn my head and leave him lonely 
 He phony, he got the whole hood waitin on his ceremony 
 I take a deep breath as I blaze this weed mixed with hashes 
 And trippin' how the Outlawz smoked Tupac ashes 
 My nigga Bad Azz laid it down 
 He told me "C, real niggas goin' always be around" 
 Livin' in the minds and the hearts of the lost souls 
 And much love to the motherfuckin outlaws 
 Back stage choppin game with Sean Dogg and Snoop Dogg 
 And to my thugs in the grave, we miss y'all 
 I give a toast to you soldiers, you ain't die for nothin' 
 I read the Bible, it said every death mean somethin' 
 And TRU niggas make the world go round 
 Pick up the black history book and can't seem to put it down 
 Black leaders gettin' struck down at they peak 
 Open your eyes, that unliberated shit is weak 
 And throw 'em up if you a soldier, I told ya 
 We goin' burn this bitch down cause these holocaust days is over 
 It's like a jungle out there baby. 
 >From the motherfuckin streets to the motherfuckin top of the world. 
 Shit ain't goin' change boy. 
 You got the eye on you, even open the eyes is worse for your life. 
 You need to maintain ya know what I'm sayin' so keep it real. 
 And to all my thugs in the grave we miss y'all. 
 I blow a kiss. 
 I give a toast to the niggas I miss the most. 
 My thug niggas, my real niggas, huh. 
 Black leaders, keep doin' what your doin'. 
 Nigga P, keep doin' what your doin' nigga. 
 And you know me. 
 I'm a keep being a mouthpiece for the hood. 
 For the ghetto nigga. 
 Till I'm dead and gone. 
 Until then, I'm a smoke weed, get high, pour out some liquor. 
 Huh, for the real niggas, you know. 
 Keep it real cause uh, I told y'all. 
 Huh, it's like a jungle out chea nigga. 
 And ya know. 
 It's like a motherfuckin jungle. 
 Nigga, huh, keep it real, pack that steel. 
 Peace.