(*Helicopter propeller*) 
 (Whisper getting louder) 
 Real nigga 
 Real nigga 
 Real nigga 
 Real nigga 
 (C-Murder) 
 Real motherfuckin nigga 
 (C-Murder - in background) 
 From the motherfucking Deadly Sounds 
 On to the motherfucking Beats By The motherfucking Pound 
 Nigga I walk with a real motherfuckin dirty gun 
 With a motherfucking round 
 Bitch! 
 Real niggas and we ride on them bustas 
 We some real niggas scream fuck them motherfuckers 
 (C-Murder) 
 I smoke weed, when my mind gone, I ain't tripping 
 Bullets flipping, young nigga bout that hollow chipping 
 Fliping Ki's on the block, where them G's at 
 Got them hoes sucking my dick till they knees crack 
 Drop top 6 all black with the black tints 
 I got them niggas pushing crack like a Mack 10 
 A dollar short and I'm coming 
 Bout to have these fools running 
 Hundred rounds humming, bout to break 'em off something 
 Call my cousin Rock on the Mobile phone, he at home 
 Magnolia projects, straight from Clebourne 
 In the city, where the shitty niggas quick to give you 
 A ticket to the morgue (nigga) after they kill you 
 Fuck the penn, 'cause if I go again, I'm a rider 
 You never catch me slipping, I got my heater right beside, uh 
 Running from the cops, cause the law, I don't trust ya 
 I'm a real nigga and I ride on them bustas, I'm a 
 (Magic) 
 What Shit! I sick and I'm tired of all the fakers 
 Niggas be talking about they gonna keep it real 
 Nigga give me the strap and get in the back 
 This shits is about to get real! (Ch Ch Chh) 
 I came here a head-buster, a dome-crusher 
 They founded out I can rap and they told me put down the strap ands 
 Now I'm getting paper screaming 9th WARD 
 I real in this shit, I took it in blood its tatted on my arm 
 So now when I ride I take the nine with (nine with me) 
 It don't take less than 2.5 to get me (Ha ha ha) 
 I'm with C, I'm with Serv, and we smoking on some herb 
 Contiplating on how to get cha, cause you done struck a nerve 
 Who gone ride with me (my niggas) 
 Who gone die with me (my niggas) 
 Who gone bust at these cowards with me 
 Who gone ride with me (my niggas), I'm a 
 (Mr. Serv On) 
 Now Ke'Noe religious ass lay this fire ass motherfucking track 
 Oughta spare ride on you motherfuckers (ride) 
 But I got a little something to take to these motherfuckers 
 You them niggas them bullet suckers (bitch ass) 
 You know them niggas that say they ain't scared to die 
 But they'll take a bullet? (Come On, You Scared) 
 Well C and Magic, give me a pistol with a happy trigger 
 I got ready to get home and sound some loot 
 I'ma pull it, just to think 
 I got this motherfucking tank by signing a contract (Hell No) 
 Bitch you better get your motherfucking mind right 
 Ask Me how the fuck I act! 
 I was riding on niggas block 
 When you niggas was still running from the cops (bitch ass) 
 I done made a little motherfucking money 
 So you think that shit gonna really make me stop 
 (Shit, never nigga never) 
 I got a tattoo on my stomach that made me motherfucking bleed 
 (Come on T.R.U.!) 
 So every drop that hit the ground nigga, 
 For every round in the tank nigga you know I believe (believe) 
 I done got bad on this motherfucking microphone (Hell Yeah!) 
 But if C call me nigga and take one of you niggas home 
 Fuck, ride nigga, ha what (Lets Roll!) 
 We some 
 Fuck all them motherfucking bitch ass, 
 Punk ass, playa hating pussy (Fuckin' Right Nigga Ya Heard Me!) 
 Motherfuckers out there talking shit 
 'Cause when I run up on you motherfuckers, 
 You bound to get your motherfucking wig split (bloom, bloom) 
 Ol' soft ass, cheesy, funky, dirty, 
 Ol' shoe wearing dirty motherfucking poot 
 Stain draws bitch ass, yellow belly motherFUCKERS, BIATCH! 
 (Ride On Dem Bustaz) 
 That means you bitch 
 (Screamin Fuck Dem Motherfuckers) 
 3rd ward, 9th ward nigga 
 No Limit, 'cause I'm in it 
 Nigga Ke'Noe, again on the motherfucking beat-o! 
 Deadly sounds nigga incognito! 
 Bitch!