(Scarface) 
 You know they always say, man, it's tough being at the top, huh? 
 I couldn't agree with you more 
 Jealous hearted motherfucker 
 Never been able to fuck with me nigga, ever 
 Super solid from day one 
 Never put myself in a compromised position, I'm a chess player 
 And if I did... I'd just shoot my way out 
 First born to my momma 
 I come from the place where you're promised 
 To die before your 21st 
 You'll be surprised what's underneath the earth 
 Dug dirt, I put bones there 
 All my enemies is gone now 
 I can't sleep through the cold sweats 
 Flashbacks, I'm a known threat 
 God fearing yet I'm evil though 
 I think deep, I believe in ghosts 
 Ever felt the hand of a dead body? 
 Then you know why I took my gun and head-shot him 
 War started over dope cuts 
 I put what I live by on both nuts 
 It's either him or me so I say fuck dude 
 I look him in his eyes and say FUCK YOU! 
 (Z-Ro) 
 Fuck you, hey, I been running this shit so long 
 My M.O. is like "fuck you!" 
 You niggas been throwing rocks at the throne 
 I'mma reach out and touch you 
 I ain't gotta put no money on your dome 
 My nigga, fuck you and everything you stand for 
 Hoe, bitch, pussy nigga, fuck you! 
 I live like I spit it 
 Raised by the wolves so my mentality is "get it" 
 A life on the streets takes commitment 
 The power that you gain gets addictive 
 The money being made gets you bitches 
 A real nigga played the game like it's business 
 A weak nigga facing time, go to snitching 
 Plotting on his whole team 'cause he ain't wanna listen 
 If it was all good just a week ago 
 Take your motherfucking charge, that's your key of dope 
 We all wanna eat, gotta feed folks 
 Take an oath on the streets called the G code 
 That's what we live by, die for it 
 I got homies standing firm doing time for it 
 We have 5K1 [?] killers [??] 
 We gon bust that nigga, fuck that nigga! 
 Fuck you, hey, I been running this shit so long 
 My M.O. is like "fuck you!" 
 You niggas been throwing rocks at the throne 
 I'mma reach out and touch you 
 I ain't gotta put no money on your dome 
 My nigga, fuck you and everything you stand for 
 Hoe, bitch, pussy nigga, fuck you! 
 They jealous of me 'cause I shine bright 
 Grind strong plus my mind right 
 My gun loaded up in both clips 
 Jump out on me wrong and meet the four fifth 
 No shit, this is music you can drive-by 
 G's the only code we abide by 
 Blunt burning in the ashtray 
 Playing faggot games and now your ass chafe 
 Niggas wearing tight pants and high heels 
 Claiming another nigga's hood that is not real 
 I am still the hardest nigga being heard 
 Fuck he claiming he real when he ain't keep his word? 
 He ain't fooling me, my nigga, he is just a nerd 
 Nothing but a rap tune, he ain't seen a bird, word 
 I talk that shit that I can back, though 
 Cause that's in my boxing game, I'm in the back, hoe 
 Talk that big six but pack a double blank 
 You where trouble ain't 
 Just another saint, fuck 'em!