Boys and girls 
 Scarface: 
 I remember in the 80's me and pops would rock 
 In a 7 0 chevy with the drops in slot 
 Use to pass me pepsi cola while he drunk him a pint 
 Tippin' to the southside runnin' a light 
 Use to have me up in 3rd ward checkin' his traps 
 Collectin' his scratch protection' his snap 
 Use to always tell a nigga keep your mind on paper 
 Bitches in your head you keep your eyes on paper 
 Cause a niggas definition is a killa for scratch 
 You kill a motherfucker you kill him for that 
 You got caught up in this shit that means you fucked it up 
 Old man spittin' game so I sucked it up 
 Old enough to do my own thang got me again 
 Flip my second paycheck to cop me a lid 
 Went and seen my homie short dawg that slided me a track 
 Went to mase's pawn shop and got me a gat 
 Didn't know this crack shit I got my uncle to cook 
 With my eyes on my paper I just fubbled and looked 
 Impatiently waitin' for the pot to boil 
 Man I can't wait to see your rock from? 
 Put my work upon the table and it's startin' tonight 
 Time for me to bring brad jordan to life 
 Sat my ass upon the corner till it started to bounce 
 Glock scratchin' reach that and started her out 
 It wasn't long before I was goin' for nine 
 I'm seventeen around millionaires goin' for mine 
 And if you got off in my way while I was headed for that 
 You found your ass misplaces with your head in your lap 
 And niggas is gettin' shiffer with time 
 That's why you never see me with a partner in crime 
 I'm down and dirty nigga fuck the world 
 And that's what separated geto boys from girls you know? 
 Bushwick bill: 
 5th ward is the spot where niggas get shot 
 Hoes sell cock and every block is hot 
 Niggas start shit but they don't start it with bill 
 Cause them motherfuckers know they're blood gonna spill 
 Ever since I was a kid growin' up in the bottom 
 I beat a niggas ass and if I didn't I shot him 
 Never gave a fuck about his family cryin' 
 Bottom line, better his than mine 
 You come around me with that live shit I kill it fast 
 I throw a search party for your fuckin' stankin' ass nigga 
 'Cause it's a motherfuckin' rep thang 
 You got a set of nuts you better let them motherfuckers hang 
 Even if you're facin' 20 years you never rat 
 You do your time and you come on back 
 And if he a homie he really take care of your people while you're gone 
 And bless you when you come back home 
 Do your time and don't whine is the motherfuckin' anthem 
 That's the type of shit most niggas can't phantom 
 Them bitches tongues come unfurled 
 But that's what separated the ghetto boys from girls c'mon 
 Scarface: 
 I bet you often wonder how niggas survive in the trail 
 You got jacked and took six and died in your house 
 And motherfuckers sat and grieved your death 
 One of them motherfuckers counted up the keys then left 
 Kind of strange the game it took a change for the worse 
 Split the brain get the cain get back to your dirt 
 And keep the jack you did up under your hat 
 'Cause if the word got out you killed him then they killin' you back 
 I never thought that '86 would bring me trouble again 
 You'd think but these niggas on some up shit like double your pay 
 And gives a fuck about respect and joy 
 So how the fuck you figure niggas got respect for a hoe 
 But then again niggas always put their trust in a bitch 
 But in the end it's another nigga bustin' yo shit 
 Fucked around and had to flee the world 
 Cause you couldn't separate the geto boys and girls 
 Willie d: 
 Geto boys is the motherfuckin' shit never forget 
 Them southern niggas made your mind play tricks 
 Never the less I left the group in '91 
 Niggas was mad, I had my gun 
 They had they guns too I wasn't snoozin' 
 'Cause I knew that if it came down to it they would use 'em 
 If it was goin' down right then I didn't give a fuck 
 We was gonna tear this whole motherfuckin' city up 
 And nigga that's real comin' from the south 
 You wack ass rappers watch your motherfuckin' mouth 
 Preachin' that positive bullshit you can save 
 Cause your positivity ain't gettin' motherfuckers paid 
 It's g.b. and willie d reunited 
 Sendin' niggas back to the studio to get they shit tighter 
 And niggas thought it wouldn't happen again 
 But we sat down and settled our differences like men 
 And put the bullshit behind us 
 Cause fuckin' off money ain't a plus it's a minus 
 We did what other niggas to big to do when they twirl 
 And separating geto boys from girls c'mon 
 Man on phone: 
 A.j. you know I spent 23 years in the prison. you know I'm still in prison 
 You know they they uh uh reannounced us, blacks, we represent 37% of the 
 Prison system throughout the country. 37%. but we don't represent but but 
 12% of the country. now that's diproportionate and ain't no joke you know. 
 It's it's now by coincidence or by ? it's by design. by the year... 2015. 
 They gonna have 70% of our community locked up. I'm talking about black 
 Gonna be locked up within they community. it's gonna be like it war 
 Zone... ghetto.