They try to take advantage of a nigga 'cause I'm black 
 They lookin' at me strange so I'm lookin' at they ass back 
 I got a little problem so I'm writin' you a note 
 A letter to the KKK from the black folks 
 I'm tryin' to get it on, tryin' to check the grip 
 And there goes officer cracker tryin' to sink my fucken battleship 
 Turnin' on his flashers, callin' up the dogs 
 Now my Lexus Coupe is flex surrounded by the hogs 
 Snatchin' out my seats, tellin' me I sell dope 
 Am I on probation or parole? I tell 'em fuck no! 
 Tell me mister officer, what's the problem? 
 What's the matter? 
 Why you gotta treat us like scum? Is it that a 
 Nigga's doin' a tad bit better than you? 
 And brutality is all that you crackers can do 
 And mark me up for resistin' yo ass 
 When in reality officer friendly kicked my ass, damn! 
 You overflex your authority too 
 Put your foot in my shoe, and let me try on your boot 
 So I can run it in reverse 
 You can treat me like god, and I can treat you like dirt! 
 The 22 years I been here I saw 
 Motherfuckers disrespect god before they disrespect the law 
 But yo I gots ta diss 'em 
 'Cause I refuse to be mislead by this ungodly system 
 Mister president I'm beatin' on yo back do' 
 I'm makin' mines doin' rap but I'm black doe... nigga 
 "We are United States of America. You honestly believe 
 Just because you wear bags that means you care? 
 You have the right to abuse and treat my people like 
 They're animals on the street? I'll be damned you're 
 Bloods will flow with the hands of the black man 
 In the same streets that you killed me and my brothers in." 
 Mister mister officer, mister officer, mister sergeant 
 Just because I'm young and I'm black I'm a target? 
 You say I'm sellin' dope but you fake 
 'Cause young dope dealers flash cash and make mistakes 
 And besides we ain't dealin' no mo' 
 Look at my hood, we ain't killin' no mo' so 
 Everybody's yellin' peace 
 The only war that's goin' on is goin' on with the police 
 'Cause they ain't stoppin' with the bullshit 
 If they could they'd lock us up with some chains and swing a bull whip 
 'Cause they figure they're the master 
 And they can take you to jail or take your lifes 
 Them sorry bastards 
 That makes me wonder why 
 The five-o can determine if we live or if a nigga dies 
 And to me that shit is bull 
 Only god can take life but I still gotta watch the law 
 It's bad enough I watch the next G 
 But even worse I gots ta watch the motherfuckers who protect me 
 They fucken packin gats yo 
 They serve and protect, they don't respect 'cause I'm black hoe 
 "Every black man that is a car jacker will start jackin' 
 Police cars and watch jaw brains shad on the dashboard. 
 Why when you pull us over you show us your pistols before 
 You aks us for our drivers license? Somethin' is not right!" 
 Rollin' through my hood in my motherfuckin' dropper 
 Gettin' tailgated by a motherfuckin' copper 
 But I ain't got respect for you motherfuckin' dickheads 
 'Cause y'all was straight hoes back in school nerdy shitheads 
 I finally figured out why you bitches roll in packs 
 'Cause niggas who ain't shit talk loud and pack gats 
 You got a fucken pistol, now you think you're a VIP man 
 But you can get cut because you'd be just like the next man 
 Holdin' me for nothin' 
 Runnin' my fucken license plates 
 My plates come clean 
 You call the DEA 
 The DEA 
 Says I'm a known drug dealer 
 Straight born killer 
 A motherfuckin' wig splitter 
 He don't know shit about a nigga but I'm black 
 As far as he's concerned all niggas push crack 
 And plus I'm 22, that really makes 'em check 
 A drop-top Benz, Lexus Coupe, no respect 
 I gotta be hidin' somethin' from the demons 
 He gotta be slingin' yeyo, let's pay someone to spring him 
 'Cause niggas can't have shit but I'm a motherfuckin' troop 
 You come to us like Luke 
 Undercover David Duke 
 Mister David Duke 
 Mister officer 
 Mister mister master 
 I'm pickin' out your coffin sir 
 Die motherfuckers, I'll send your folks my worst 
 A breast of pig in a motherfuckin' hearse 
 So fuck you motherfuckers, punk bitches take that 
 'Cause I'm real with the shit that I speak 'cause I...