(Feat. Compton's Most Wanted) 
 Geah... wutup niggas 
 The compton cyco is back 
 In your shit for the nine-deuce 
 And check this out 
 My nigga Scarface is in the motherfuckin house 
 And we bout to drop some gangsta shit 
 MC Eiht: 
 I guess its true what they say, 
 When your too far gone ain't no turning back. 
 And coming from the Compton mack that's a fuckin' fact. 
 Livin' in the city where bitches won't 
 Give up the pussy for free so a nigga don't. 
 So heres my story. Another story about a nigga 
 Who lives his life by the fuckin' trigga. 
 Gotta get my serve on, nigga you don't hear me though 
 Throw up the hood, might blast on 5-0. 
 First I hit the Ides and get pumped up. 
 Now I'm rollin' in the car kinda slumped up. 
 I pop the glove box, Then I reach the block, 
 Then I plug your ass in the chest with the glock. 
 And that's how the shits get done, 
 I guess I'm a mutherfuckin nigga on the run. 
 But I won't let them take me alive, so I don't sleep 
 'Cause, geah, I'm in too deep. 
 Scarface 
 In too deep, ain't no turnin' back. 
 Cock up your mutherfuckin gauge... 
 Mista-Mista Scarface for the nine-deuce, 
 Niggas pack a nine, fuck you bitch I pack a nine too. 
 Millimeter Ruger for you hoes who try to flex nuts, 
 You point your shit, I pull my shit, come nigga now lets check nuts. 
 Born a hustla, raised a hustla, never gonna stop trick. 
 Buck a hustla, mutherfucker boy, you better die bitch. 
 Found myself a busta, had the boy front me an Oz. 
 Fucked him out his money, worked my way up to a whole key. 
 Now he's got some niggas trying to ball 'Face 
 Time to go to work, need some back' better call Eiht. 
 Call my nigga up, Kicked the fundementals. 
 2 way ticket 3 o'clock, continental. 
 Eiht rolled in with the mutherfuckin task force, 
 Bucked them hoes off, dropped him off at the airport 
 Niggas don't ever fuck with me 'cause I'm a nigga who plays the game for 
 Keeps, 
 Drop you on your ass with the quickness, 'cause I'm in too deep. 
 MC Eiht 
 Geeah, the criminals is in the mutherfuckin house... 
 Now they got us on the run, but we tired of runnin' 
 Got the glocks all cocked, let the fools keep coming. 
 Scarface got the mutherfuckin pump under the seat. 
 So niggas better duck or your ass is fucked. geah. 
 The mad man with nothin' to lose. 
 So you better bring your strap or catch the blues. 
 And um, or get served like a damn clucker, 
 Sucker, or in the end be a short mutherfucker. 
 Now them one times is all on my back and 
 Heard that Scarface and Eiht peeled the cap and 
 They wanna gaffle us up. But it's a shame. 
 Can't fade the best from Compton and the mid-west. 
 So watch your back when the niggas step. 
 'Cause the scene that is left is your whole families death. 
 And fool don't sleep, 
 'Cause sorry mutherfucker, we in too deep. 
 Geah. In your shit for the nine-deuce. 
 MC Eiht in the mutherfuckin house, and my nigga Scarface and shit. 
 DJ Slip in mutherfuckin house. And we killin' the shit off. Geah