Rat tat tat tat to your ass is the motherfucking flo' 
 Here comes the White Sheet. 
 Rat tat tat tat to your ass is the motherfucking flow 
 Now what is you fuckin' wit a nigga fo? 
 Apparently you haven't heard of me? 
 It's going to take more motherfuckers than in the compound to murder me 
 I fucks a vision like a sand shower 
 You going up against a stacked deck nigga, now where your man power 
 Bring your motherfucking backup 
 And blow the bugle when I step off this bitch and load this gat up 
 Cause still a nigga's friend will bust you 
 Dead in your head from the front and knock the back up off that motherfucker 
 Now listen to the gunshot 
 I got that ass with that double barrel one shot 
 Now I don't hear your heart beatin' 
 Now I don't see your boy breathin', rat tat tat tat. 
 Hospital Scene: 
 What's up boy? Ah, ah, wassup Face 1?/where that nigga at? Ah, he back 
 There in that emergency room, he dead? I, I don't know man fun to bust 
 This bitch again. 
 I see your mama in the waiting room standing crying 
 I see your ass in the doctors arms slowly dying 
 Now talk that shit that you was talking to your homie 
 Bitch you should have shot me when you pulled your fucking pistol on me 
 So now I'm forced to pop the clip in 
 S to the motherfucking A, nigga set tripping 
 It ain't no love when my finger's on the trigger 
 It ain't no love for you off balance ass niggas 
 So keep your ass in the neutral spot 
 'Cause if you rolling through my hood when we're feuding then you 
 Getting got. 
 I ain't your motherfucking homeboy 
 You out of pocket when you fucking with me, so now it's on boy 
 I ain't but in to get my shit like these other busters 
 When you see me around this bitch I got that motherfucker 
 So I ain't fucking with the club life 
 I'm like Pac, I'm making mail but I still live the thug life 
 My rap name's getting bigger 
 But ain't nothing changed I still got the game to handle all you bitch niggas 
 So a nigga's always strapped 
 Nuts been big since a kid you motherfucker so it ain't rap 
 Toe to toe, back to back, gat for gat, 
 It's like that motherfucker, rat tat tat tat.