The real, for real, Rap-A-Lot Mafia Ah 
 It-wa it-wa it wa it was... 
 It was once said by your man who wouldn't quit 
 Stop bullshittin' and make another hit 
 I looked him in his eyes and told him that ain't shit 
 Gimme 30 minutes and I'mma wreck this bitch 
 So I wrote this rhyme I'mma bout to say 
 To tell him how it went down back in the day 
 See most niggas give they props to Run DMC 
 But dem' niggas in the south gotta give it to me 
 You see I was wrecking shit when they was doin' the worm 
 Parachute pants coming through with the perm 
 I ain't never been a pussy I was all day rough 
 Bitches try to rap like they was always tough 
 But that's bullshit cause niggas know my name ring bells 
 >From M.C. J.H. ????????? 
 Got much love for most cities but I'mma S.A. fool 
 7th Graders shouldn't bring the scraps to school 
 So when you say you only listen to the real M.C.'s 
 Let me spell it out for you, for real M- E it's the same Mista Scarface from 
 The 1980's 
 You bitches tried to bring out'cha best but cha' can't fade me 
 'Cause I was rockin' shit when ????? was still living 
 And you niggas was hangin' on the corner bullshittin' 
 Now you wanna jump in the game on both feet 
 Sell a few tapes and forget that you know me 
 But remember the one you got the idea from 
 See I'mma real artist so my ideas come 
 But you sounded like I sounded on The World is Mine 
 I catch you style-stealin' time after time 
 Now you on the mission trying to sound like Puff 
 Get cho' own shit and stop riding the jock 
 The realest nigga down south? I gotta say that's J 
 Y'all muthafuckas don't deserve that name 
 And let me break it down to you one more time 
 Think about it before you start out your rhyme 
 I'm one of the coldest M.C. to ever touch the mic 
 So I apply the pressure till I bust the pipe 
 And niggas always ask why I keep changing my style (why) 
 'Cause I keep hearing muthafuckas claiming my style 
 And then they got the nerves to say they colder than me 
 Then why the fuck you niggas can't go gold before me 
 I see you on your videos on B.E.T. 
 It makes me wanna kick a hole in my TV 
 'Cause I hate an individual who is fake as that 
 I gotta dropped Bentley with a Ranch to match 
 Nigga I finish with my shoot, my shit it can't go back 
 You back in yo' chevette ????????? 
 I started making records at the age 15 
 Affiliated with the game at age 16 
 An honorary member of the whole??????? 
 Cut dem' blocks in half and continued to flip 
 (In droning voice) 
 [And now I got you figured that I'm not to old 
 Never will I fall off 'cause I'm wasn't too old] 
 ??? To the seminar and shit went cool 
 Started talking bout they bitches and the boys got booed 
 Heart-broke packed up shit and headed for home 
 Then I spoked to Lil' James on the telephone 
 Where the real niggas come from (repeats to end) 
 (Scarface talking to end)