(Feat. Mack 10) 
 Voice: What the fuck? 
 Mack: I'm tired of playin' with yo' ass nigga today you gone die. 
 Voice: Aaaagh agh 
 (Mack) 
 I went from Inglewood to H-Town tryin' to put the hustle down 
 But I could already tell these bitch niggas wanna clown 
 Like I'm the new jack of the city but I ride like nina roll 
 And I can see now one eighty seven got to be the penal code 
 I'm fed up that's it that's all fuck that get it get it 
 And since he bullshitted and ran with it 
 A murder must be committed 
 Now the kidnap got to go down 
 In other words I got to steal him 
 Then put the pistol to his grill & 
 Cock the hammer back and kill him 
 (Face) 
 We finna (get him) & once we (get him) 
 Gotta make a statement 
 He fucked the family 
 Man to respect 'em we gotta waste him 
 No hesitatin' heat him up and leave him on the pavement 
 Then find his momma so she can help us find her baby 
 Nigga are you crazy? 
 We don't bullshit when it comes to payday 
 They fuck with Face they 
 Don't let me catch you on the highway 
 Or in public places we dumpin' on ya like that 
 Nigga You Delinquent we on yo' ass like that 
 You Delinquent muthafucka give up the pink slip 
 We got to kill who you drink with 
 We got to blast who you think with 
 A money murder 
 A money murder 
 We got to hurt ya 
 We got to hurt ya 
 (Face) 
 Caught his ass slippin' at a parkin' lot 
 Red dot marks the spot 
 I'm trippin' on how hard he got 
 He got some bitches in the front seat smilin' 
 When asked about the paper he owe he kept drivin' 
 Paid us no mind and hit the corner in the 5.0 
 Dippin' disrespected pimpin' Mack 10 trippin' 
 Loadin' up the stainless .44 grip & 
 The trigger off his finger finna start clickin' 
 (Mack) 
 Aww fuck<overlaps with>Ain't that a bitch 
 This nigga actin' like I'm some type of sucka 
 I'll tell you what Face you drive 
 When I blast this muthafucka 
 Done took my last weed crop money 
 So you know we through G 
 Dog I been around too many hogs 
 To let a punk nigga do me 
 I give a fuck what you claim 
 Where you from and who you know 
 Nigga touch my dough fa sho 
 Ya get a blow from the .44 
 So let his neck go Brad 
 It ain't no need to choke the nigga 
 Just close ya ears and get back homeboy 
 I'm finna choke the trigga 
 <Gunshot> 
 [Face] <whispering> Aiight there he go <gunshot> 
 There that bitch go <gunshot> 
 Come on come on let'sgo <gunshot> 
 Heyniggalet'sgoniggalet'sgoniggalet'sgo 
 (Mack) 
 If a rider need his heat 'cause it's cold outside 
 We gets money worldwide and we stay down to ride 
 So I stuff the clip of the .45 'cause I gotta survive 
 And the niggas that's jive they end up dead on the rise 
 All pissy and shitty victims of the Hoo Bang Committee 
 When Mack and Face get down it's like a polinity 
 Straight rulers of the city hit the stick and now we bent 
 And blowin' holes in what you think with 
 Of niggas that's Delinquent 
 (Face) 
 Hey so when a nigga shoot you nine man, 
 A nigga gon need to get that money, whatI'msayin'? 
 When a nigga shoot you half a bird, 
 A nigga gon need to get that money. 
 Nigga wadn't bullshittin' when he fronted it to you. 
 So don't bullshit when it come to payin' a muthafucka. 
 Aiight? You Delinquent. 
 Can I get my muthafuckin' ends nigga? 
 We got to get you for that dollar bill (2x) 
 We got to get you for this dollar bill 
 We got to get yo' ass dollar bill 
 A money murder 
 A money murder 
 We are going to hurt you nigga. 
 A money murder 
 A money murder (Give it up)