March 11th 1981, my mama gave birth to hell raisin heavenly son. and my daddy was a fool addicted to ground so he was never around mama help me down. when me and big sis had nothing to eat she gave up here last just to make thing meet. my mama a school teacher working to provide for her fam strugglin in 8 80s submit to gods plan. them long 12 steps are hard when your all on your own. no family true friends my mama was all alone. she did it for her children strugglin to make a livin' and some how we still had food on thanksgivin. when I can barely talk mama taught me to pray and right then I knew we had a better life some day. she still give up her last just to see me smile that's the definition of love for chilled I love my mama. 
 Daddy wasn't there so mama rasied me I'm still mamas baby (repeat 4 times) 
 My mama was my rue model, had no father figure only bunch of tight dreams of been richer. but as times got tougher my life just got rougher. it hurt so bad just to watch my mama suffer. so hard to talk when your dead broke so mama use to make remember rised the song quotes. in a middle of session mama gave god praised I knew what it meant to strugglin at such an early age remember them days. she barely earned minimum wage. but made sure I had clothes to start to 7th grade. meat my step father and walk down the ille. I praised god to send some body that made my mama smile.he rasied me as his own and tought me to be a man and gave my mama a hand. I just love to see that beautiful smile on mamas face my mama can never be replaced I love my mama. 
 Daddy wasn't there so mama raised me I'm still mamas baby (repeat 4 times) 
 20 years of strugglin in came to a closeno more old torn up in hime down clothes. she deserves the best and never noting less no stress who gave my mama that gucci dress. times were hard but we done made it out the rain the storm was saver but we over came the hurricane rainy days seem to last so long. when the times got hard my mama taught me to be strong. number 1 supporter ever since day one and still to this day mama will die for her son no more songs all them rainy days are gone. now we takin' trips to Disney world just for fun.put you in the vans take you out that note it's been a long rough rode rollin' eyes on 'em she raised me from a baby my number 1 lady till the day I'm in my grave ima stay mamas baby. 
 Daddy wasn't there so mama raised me I'm still mamas baby (repeat 4 times)