As we proceed to give you what you need, T-D-E 
 Omega, Black Hippy came through to switch flavors 
 Wake and bake no taters 
 Pa-pass me the ketchup I'll homestyle fry em' 
 You niggas better catch up as swift as I am 
 I was born in Zion 
 I defeated the Lion, soul made of iron 
 Yeah, Soul made of iron 
 Now a nigga talking, now you can't fold when you trying 
 Try for triumph 
 Survive by any means necessary even if it means dying 
 Dying! Fuck the world missionary, Malcolm got popped 
 Obama got in office, and I'm still on the block 
 Ain't shit changed, the grinding never stops 
 Call it progress, and the reason why the chicks always fall in our nest 
 Two niggas getting high 
 Heh! Flying objects. Hehehaha! Yes! 
 We got next, now forever the hippy is black interrogated by (By!) 
 Instrumentals that give me a rhythm 
 Put the maze together and blaze 
 Don't be afraid, (Aye), See this is how we do 
 Would say I thought you knew but that would not be true 
 In fact, Be Q 
 You fags are through and like all of you teachers thus far 
 I'm passing you 
 Black Hippy! Black-bla-b-b-bl-Black Hippy 
 Soul! 
 Black Hippy, Black-bla-b-b-bl-Black Hippy 
 (Yeah) Black-bla-b-b-b-bla-b-bla-b-bla-b-bla-b-b-b-Black Hippy 
 Please fix ya face, we rolling up so much, anticipation 
 We finna shock the nation, Oh Shit! Constipation! 
 Fuck bitches, fuck hoes, fuck bitches fuck hoes 
 Fuck bitches (We finna shock the nation) fuck hoes 
 Fuck bitches, (Constipation) fuck hoes, fuck bitches, fuck hoes 
 Fuck bitches, fuck hoes, fuck bitches, fuck hoes (As we proceed) 
 Activist 
 (Black hippy) Rebel without a cause 
 Full clip left you stiff like a manikin 
 Hit him in his temple, left him at the Taj Mahal, What you on 
 I'm on some other shit, feeling like I stepped off the mother ship 
 We sabotage the government, CIA gotta evacuate when we done 
 The state troopers would call off the shooters at dead run 
 It's going down I said 
 Boogie down, down 
 Boogie down Bronx 
 In a black borrow hound 
 Bumping Biggie like 
 Pac ain't dead 
 Two side call it Twenty-two 
 I'm twenty-two and I rap like twenty zoos 
 Straight animal 
 Ace Ventura couldn't find no cure 
 So raw probably bite off the face of Hannibal 
 Protein shakes, acid, and manure