24/7,365, motherfucker I'm still right on time 
 Oh you thought you had me all figured out? 
 Take it from the horses mouth, you'll never understand me 
 I told you, my Plan B is to you win your hearts before we win a Grammy 
 These Days ain't shit changed 
 Different toilet, same shit and I drank a whole gallon 
 Of laxatives by accident just to shit on you has-beens 
 Had it been for my past tense, I wouldn't be rapping 
 See these streets made me, broke me down, built me up, drove me crazy 
 Made me hungry, made you hate me, but fuck love 
 It don't make dollars it don't make sense nigga 
 By the way that's DJ Quik nigga 
 Respect or check it 
 These Days I'm a little more focused cause y'all cracked the door 
 And I kicked it open, yellin' get the fuck down or I will shoot 
 I told you not to motherfuckin' move! 
 Be another example, I'll take the whole industry hostage if I have to 
 I'll sabotage this game, a good kid? Yeah that's only in my mama's eyes 
 I seen a dead body at five and that shit made me traumatized 
 So These Days, a little blood on my hands ain't nothing compared 
 To hopping out a minivan, with a mini 22 3s and the homie TuTu 
 Two more YGs 
 Ain't nobody got time for that! 
 These Days it's only time for rap! 
 So Herbet Anthony Stevens, you make or break bread before we break even 
 Before they broke our records we broke records and wrote pieces, of history 
 So These Days? These accolades are meant for we 
 It's only truth that this shit was meant to be 
 T.D.E 
 Life's in a traffic jam 
 Shit, what more did you expect? HiiiPower 
 For the most part, we go hard for the respect 
 I'm obviously ominous to my competition and if 
 I ain't better than Kendrick than nobody is then! 
 We shared our life with you, shared our light with you even in the darkest of hours 
 In hopes that one day, just maybe, one day the world'll be ours 
 Ha, and now they look up to us like towers for rhyming like we had super powers 
 They should've never let us in these offices 
 Knowing good and God-damn well how well we've been ducking officers 
 Laughing at the scraps they offered us in the past 
 And now we toast champagne to the thirst we never had! 
 I had my ups and downs but I always left right 
 Rest In Peace Alori Joh 
 TopDawg for life! 
 And oh yeah 
 Soul! 
 I watch this fire that we're gathered around and see 
 That it burns similar to the fire that is inside you