Nigga, fuck it, 77 Cutlass 
 I move my ass to Cali with my Indiana bucket 
 I need to slap a wet one on the frame, a little rusty 
 They call my shit a scraper and the beta bitches love it 
 And I'm choking on some Cali good 
 Been want to cruise on Crenshaw 
 Since a little nigga watching Boyz n in the Hood 
 Since Ricky got killed, copping that corn meal 
 Before the palm trees, pussy and the recording years 
 I was overdue for a visit 
 A valley bitch with family in the Chi gave me digits 
 The 818, the sex was great, perfect the art of fornication 
 Put a bitch out the car for a bar, your Cali conversation 
 All my hoes from way back want me to be chilling where they at 
 G.I. until I die, but bitch L.A. is where I lay at 
 My children gon' be raised at where they gon' place my grave at 
 Since Magic bought the team, he brought new meaning to that L.A. hat 
 Shout out to the blocks 
 Inglewood, Compton, South Central to Watts 
 My home, my home L.A. I ride for you 
 When I am gone just know that I owe you 
 My home, my home L.A. I ride for you 
 When I am gone just know that I owe you 
 I'm on my way to LAX from JFK, it's a great day 
 I mean I love New York, but of course 
 I live out there so don't go there, you heard it before 
 Ironic my uncle had the king of music on Crenshaw 
 Cause now I'm the king to music to all y'all 
 California love, California dreaming 
 I've seen lost angels, I even found demons 
 Where you learn to survive and keep your head high 
 Hit the weed clinic 'fore sativa get your head high 
 We ain't in Kansas City, but you'll find a TEC-9 
 And if that tech jammed you better have a toast too 
 Fuck that, this what we gon' toast to 
 Everybody that ain't die before 21 like we was s'posed to 
 For the mail I'm going postal 
 I heard the baddest females on pacific coastal 
 If it means anything, I'm so L.A. my dad died on King, nigga 
 My home, my home L.A. I ride for you 
 When I am gone just know that I owe you 
 My home, my home L.A. I ride for you 
 When I am gone just know that I owe you 
 Yeah, went from a condo 'til sleeping on my nigga couch 
 Popping sedatives, negatives in my bank account 
 Too much pride to let this pussy industry play me out 
 Preparing that broken dream, that's what L.A. about 
 Shout to Cali Bud, my Westcoast plug 
 Brother from another mother, he showed that Westcoast love 
 Nigga, me and Killa Caz was pulling them stick-ups, 'cause 
 Bending blocks with my nigga Box smoking the whip up Blood 
 Gots to keep it true when I maneuver 
 I got all kind of homies, Harlems, Avalons and Hoovers 
 My little homie from Families, he keep a team of shooters 
 My 60 niggas stay Rolling, my Eight Trey niggas moving 
 Been 20 years since the riots 
 L.A. nigga keep it thorough, fuck keeping quiet 
 Bitch it's on in this war zone where we reside 
 As I begin let my sins wash away with the tides 
 Who the fuck I'm kidding? I done tried everything but dying 
 Flirting with other places, but this Cali bitch stay on my mind 
 My home, my home L.A. I ride for you 
 When I am gone just know that I owe you 
 My home, my home L.A. I ride for you 
 When I am gone just know that I owe you