And I'm sitting down and 
 Yeah 
 Yeah keep, think niggas is laughing at me 
 That's right make it spooky and shit 
 Yo-y-y-yo-yo look-look 
 I Ride Slow 
 These rhythms of visions of me living colossal, ahead of my time 
 In time you'll find that I'm a fossil 
 No not what I do 
 Lord do you have mercy on my soul? Far as I know I'm a poet or in an apostle 
 Smoking my dro, smell the aroma on my clothes 
 Rose from the dirt, so I'm down to Earth 
 (Oh I know) 
 You made a few bucks now you feel buck 
 Your chains gold, my shades all black 
 I can do this with a blindfold 
 This ain't rap this is find a mine in your mind blow 
 Your brains back out of your wave cap, I don't know Tae Bo 
 But I kick that, you're a Kit-Kat 
 Life's sweet but, way down the line you're just a snack 
 It gets cold on the road to the riches 
 (Yeah, I Ride Slow) 
 The cars and the clothes is expensive 
 (Yo, I Ride Slow) 
 These hoes with the nose in my business 
 (Yeah, I Ride Slow) 
 Nigga 
 (Yo, I Ride Slow) 
 These rhythms of visions of me living colossal, ahead of my time 
 In time you'll find that I'm a fossil 
 Yo-yo-yo-yo-yo-yo 
 Insane in the membrane! 
 I Ride Slow, live fast. Small time and big cash 
 Cut corners, cut loose, cut class, fuck school 
 Had to learn though, the harder way 
 Pushing pennies but see a threes a 16 in my sport 
 Figure me I'm filthy I know it's greedy out here 
 I told you that but I made my way through it like Moses did with his staff! 
 Relax, and try not to step on the crack, that'll break your mothers back 
 On the surface I will certainly scratch 
 See Mac? He made this from scratch 
 Imagine what we could do with a flick of the wrist 
 Your puppets anyway, let's say I'm playing ventriloquist 
 Go this a way, go that a way, I'm scatter brain with this shit 
 What's that a K? Put that away, no weapons formed against, me shall pass 
 Remember that? I'm biblical with this shit 
 The tales from the Crip, on the soul of Sunday schools finna flip 
 Oh! (blow) 
 The cameras gone so bring the acid tabs along 
 And let's all gather round and sing my fucking song! 
 Yo, I Ride Slow... 
 It gets cold on the road to the riches 
 (Yeah, I Ride Slow) 
 The cars and the clothes is expensive 
 (Yo, I Ride Slow) 
 These hoes with the nose in my business 
 (Yeah, I Ride Slow) 
 Nigga 
 (Yo, I Ride Slow) 
 These rhythms of visions of me living colossal, ahead of my time 
 In time you'll find that I'm a fossil 
 Yo 
 Insane in the membrane! 
 Check! 
 I Ride Slow, sparking like a pyro 
 A psycho, Xannys in my cup before I pour a fo' 
 You nacho, mean a nigga put cheese on you 
 Pulling up no headlights but there's red beams on you 
 Apostle smoking on this dope my brain colossal 
 Hopes of the flow to do tricks like a brothel 
 Roll the lace with Angel Dust and pages of the bible 
 Survival tactics, are you practicin' the line make you drastic 
 Got this if you niggas talking ass backwards 
 Up shits creek with a tissue pack, OG Kush make a nigga chest rattle 
 Call your number like you just won the raffle 
 Nigga you snapple sweet come fuck with me it's casualty 
 Turn you into vegetables fill the dropped the celery 
 The reality is all you niggas fictitious, make you 
 With the hand of Satan cause you need some sanitation 
 Any nigga hating we gon' turn them to a raisin 
 One nigga, 30 clip, turn your brain into bacon bits 
 And I ain't saying shit 'cause I'm coming from Detroit where 
 I coming up short and niggas Ride Slow, AK-ing up your porch 
 (I Ride Slow!) 
 (I-I-I Ride) 
 La-la-la-la-la 
 Do you wanna ride or die? 
 (I Ride Slow) 
 What do we have here now? Run quick see 
 Come with me, come with me 
 (Hail Mary) 
 Come with me 
 (Hail Mary) 
 La-la-la-la-la 
 (I Ride Slow) 
 I heard they stopped making Actavis 
 (You know when I heard that?) 
 While I was sipping Actavis! 
 Fast life, slow motion in my double cup 
 The screw give me drive like a flat-head, every fill up 
 I must be Captain Phillips 
 These niggas don't speak my language 
 Residue on my debit card, don't tell my moms 
 That it's a lot more than marijuana in her son 
 I walk on the dark side, only to shed light where they ain't no sun 
 Deadline Snapback on my mind, I ain't suicidal I'm just fly 
 My rhymes, Ciroc and Ayahuasca would you like a sip? 
 Enlightenment from a low life that's, more than likely hot 
 What I do with 8 zips nigga? You don't know the half 
 All these lines add up like a motherfucking graph 
 Rap as if I had 2 left feet, tryna walk a righteous path 
 So here's a question that I ask 
 What's a negative with no plus? 
 A Benz with no bus? 
 A curse with no gift? 
 Who's God with no us? 
 Delusional, murder marsupials when I puke a flow 
 Put my dick in witches from the Crucible 
 I'm hard to get a read on, that pussy shaking, Parkinson's Disease on 
 Pardon me I sneezed, blessing conscious as I speak freely 
 Death just called homie, breathe easy 
 Loaded gun in front of me 
 Shoot soul right out of Soul, yeah you my homie you 
 Ay-ay-ay-ay 
 Fuck off! Man 
 (I Ride Slow) 
 Out there man talk about the potency of my pack 
 I snort dope, it's mixed with Crystal Meth and gastric bypass 
 Satan's blood in my swash 
 Nobody is as high as, and These Days 
 I tell you that your life will be no longer than a 
 And then float away 
 (I Ride Slow) 
 Good luck