(Featuring: ScHoolboy Q) 
 (Soulo taught me...) 
 See yeah my nigga see 
 See yes this where that sci-fi met swag my nigga 
 Like the Holy Bible and a Gucci Bag 
 My nigga, swag! 
 (Verse 1: Ab-Soul) 
 Oh you the kid, I'm Joseph Kony 
 Chip off the block, it's puffy socks in my Saucony 
 I touch stock, she suck cock 
 She dancing Secret Sundays and I'm 'bout to pray 
 I'm smoking dope, I'm smoking dope 
 She got that magical vaginal let me hocus poke 
 Row, row, row my boat gently down your stream 
 She into Alexander McQueen but she ain't met the king 
 (Soulo, SOULO, Soulo, SOULO) kiss the fucking ring ho 
 TDE we got the belt, "hold it down if nothin' else" 
 And this is my new single, cut the cheese it's bout to melt 
 Lean in my cup, pinky up like Dr.Evil 
 Currently we seeing deeds like Adam Sandler 
 ScHoolboy Q, OG, and dirty pineapple Fanta 
 And I ain't never been a motherfucking lick 'less I'm right around the clit 
 Druggys with' hoes, O's and 4â²s 
 I'm smokin' dope, yo, could smell it on my clothes 
 SOPA tryna censor internet, we tryna get this dough 
 I said look back at me when you hit the pole 
 Swag's so mean, on them fucking hoes 
 (Verse 2: Schoolboy Q) 
 Oh that's your bitch? Well bruh she on me 
 I made her lick my sack, then work the top, then fuck the homies 
 Got the block hot, 'cause I sold it off 
 No I'm not Weezy, bitch I'm weezy from that chronic cough 
 Yeah, I'm smoking dope, you can smell it in my beard 
 Have no fear, saviour of the gangster rap is fucking here 
 Word around town, SOPA tryna shut it down 
 How that sound I'm from the underground 
 They're gonna make me slang a pound 
 Figg Row (Figg Row) Figg Row (Figg Row) 
 Bitch, what you know about Figg Row (Figg Row) 
 This is original gangster, Uh, uh, uh, yeah 
 Smoke it, chewed it, sniff it, smell it 
 Inhale it, sip it, whatever 
 Just mix dope with your flavor uh, uh, uh, yeah 
 In interviews they always asking me about a lisp 
 Knowing damn well I'm looking like I'm slinging bricks 
 Ever seen an ex-student get a half a ticket 
 Think I'm lying? just ask Jimmy, that check was mine to... 
 (Verse 3: Ab-Soul and Schoolboy Q) 
 Soulo ho! Groovy Q! 
 I'm high as fuck, look at me too 
 Won't pass the weed, but I'll pass a bitch 
 Fendi on, I might throw a fit 
 Deadline, hoodie on like Trayvon 
 Heard it through the grapevine 
 We got extra pills, lean and shrooms 
 Life for me is just weed and brews 
 Don't stop! (Get it, get it) Don't stop! (Get it, get it) 
 Don't stop! (Get it, get it, get it, get it) 
 Don't stop! (Get it, get it) Don't stop! (Get it, get it) 
 Don't stop! (Get it, get it, get it, get it, get get) 
 (Soulo taught me)