B-O, what up my nigga? 
 E3 I'mma get you on these backwoods last thing I do nigga 
 Yeah 
 Oh shit nigga! Oh shit nigga! 
 These niggas done did it again 
 Tae Beast why you do that man? 
 Why the fuck you had to do that man? 
 This shit sound like a 100 birds under the Carson Sheriff Station 
 I told Rizac I get off my stash 
 We really out here my nigga! 
 When I roll through the city it give me a rush 
 Yeah I'm high off life but I'm rolling blunts 
 And they couldn't wait for Soul to reappear 
 Click, boom. T.N.T., TDE, we in here 
 Mm, mm, mm! I can smell fear 
 From a mile away, you might as well get from round here 
 I run the town like Roc Nation, no exaggeration 
 Bet I rise like Lazarus, use your imagination 
 Fascinated by you faggots hating, get an occupation 
 You in violation, provoke annihilation 
 Flow like the Nile river, yo it's now or never 
 You had a release date, but now it's never 
 Yeah, welcome to the Control System 
 I'm stimulating the hoes and educating my niggas 
 I wiggle through potholes, my destination is vivid 
 To the end of the road I'm driven, y'all trippin' 
 Soulo 
 And we stunting like 
 Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole 
 (Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know 
 (You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business 
 If you ain't with the business, mind your business 
 And we stunting like 
 Ab-Soul, abstract, asshole 
 (Give the people what they need!) Damn right, let 'em know 
 (You got some kind of disease!) I'm the illest in the business 
 If you ain't with the business, mind your business 
 And we stunting like 
 Like I ain't never had shit 
 'Cause I never had shit 
 Same Chucks, two years straight, doing bad shit 
 Sick, twist two spliffs out my dime bag shit 
 Pissed, tryna get a good response out this bad bitch 
 Which one of you niggas wanna call my bluff? 
 Wish granted, call his ass granite, now he mopped up 
 Never been locked up but I keep a sentence 
 Winners win and sinners sin only to ask God forgiveness 
 In this world of luxury cars, illegal tender 
 Johnny want me like Wyclef Jean gone till November 
 Pop my collar like I'm Don Juan, green to my slippers 
 Just remember that they don't want me to get ignorant 
 Sinister literature, given from this wicked minister 
 Witness your future diminish 
 No present from Saint Nicholas in particular 
 You're just a thing of the past 
 I'm a diamond ring in the trash 
 No reason to brag, it's Ab 
 What's your life about, enlighten me 
 Is you gon' live on your knees or die on your feet? 
 Can't lose, you niggas must admire defeat 
 You lying like Nala nigga, you know where to find a nigga 
 Del Amo, Carson in the house 
 The View, The Village, Scottsdale and right back around 
 Can't forget about The Patch, matter fact 
 I got some homies off Grace Ave., we go way back 
 Been running round since L train cut up at our people 
 Rocket was my role model, Lil' Rocket my number one O-migo 
 With fifteen in the back alley, hop fences and skip school 
 Fellowship with the gang members, and goddammit I still do 
 But just imagine if Einstein got high and sipped juice 
 Broke rules, got pussy, beat up rookies on Pro Tools 
 You probably call his ass Soul Brother #2 
 And I just took a number two 
 And ain't this track number two?