Quiero vivir como los árboles 
 Breathe easy! 
 Trees, trees, trees 
 Soul! 
 I just wanna, I just wanna 
 LT3 shit, nigga, look 
 I just wanna live like the trees 
 Shoot the breeze, stay around some leaves, you nah mean? 
 But I'm about to go on tour 
 Can't wait for wind, pollination to plant my seeds in the soil 
 Around '07 TDE struck oil 
 It's my turn, Mr. LongTerm of turmoil 
 I'm holdin' up the terminal takin' flicks 
 I'm irritated but they're the reason that I'm gettin' rich 
 Cheese, give me an upgrade, see 
 Then I'll be on my way, I'm on my way to NYC 
 Last time I was there I swear I sold out SOBs 
 In Times Square with my circle of G's, you nah mean? 
 You shoulda never gave us niggas money 
 We comin' for everything, you nah mean? 
 Fuck you niggas with your hands out 
 Suck my third leg while I branch out 
 'Cause I just wanna live like the trees 
 Shoot the breeze, stay around some leaves, you nah mean? 
 But this money got me on the run 
 And it don't grow on trees, I'm tryna get me some 
 Get me some, get me some, some, some 
 Get me some, get me some, some, some 
 Get me some, get me some, some, some 
 Shit don't grow on trees, breathe easy! 
 I got most of you mothafuckas stumped 
 Rap like I go to church with work in the trunk 
 Lord forgive me but my pennies turnin' into dubs 
 I'm losin' my sense, they say I changed up 
 And I don't feel no different, I'm still the same nigga 
 Maybe my brain's bigger, gettin' brains quicker 
 Used to cop a little deuce 
 Now I cop a whole case of Actavis to give Sprite stock a boost 
 Ab-Soul, yeah I'm gettin' loot 
 Bitches walkin' bow legged out my dressin' room 
 Was at the Travelodge but now we at the W 
 Just to shower, be out in an hour, I got shit to do 
 Plenty empty Backwood packs in your face 
 In my backpack more OG than your hood, dang 
 Hey, can't live without the Benjamins 
 But I'm interested in photosynthesis 
 'Cause I just wanna live like the trees 
 Shoot the breeze, stay around some leaves, you nah mean? 
 But this money got me on the run 
 And it don't grow on trees, I'm tryna get me some 
 Get me some, get me some, some, some 
 Get me some, get me some, some, some 
 Get me some, get me some, some, some 
 Shit don't grow on trees, breathe easy! 
 Me and she sittin' in a tree 
 K.I.S.S.I.N.G 
 First comes love, then comes marriage 
 Fuck that! I'm just tryna get up in your panties 
 Where the trees, trees, trees 
 Where the trees, trees, trees, trees 
 Burn the mothafuckin' trees, trees, trees, trees 
 Burn the trees, trees, trees, trees 
 It's still world domination 
 Keep a Backwood and a mothafuckin' eighth and 
 Always got the trees, so what the fuck you mean 
 I ain't about to rise to the top with my fuckin' team 
 Nigga it's still world domination 
 Keep a Backwood and a mothafuckin' eighth and 
 Always got the trees, so what the fuck you mean 
 I ain't about to rise to the top with my fuckin' team 
 Heaven ain't far Curtiss, it ain't far at all my nigga 
 Check, Joey I know I told you, quote it in a verse 
 But we called it the third eye when it could really be the first 
 Wha gwan Jah no raasclat me 
 I took it to heights these parasites can't see 
 Rarely do I bark, hope you get the analogy 
 Top Dog Ent barkin' on the whole industry 
 Niggas get to bitin', I be like breathe easy! 
 Your cardiovascular isn't fast enough 
 I'm Canibus smokin' cannabis, sippin' Actavis 
 Before the Mathers diss I used to work at Magic Disk 
 With a dollar and a dream, why you think money is green? 
 Color of vegetation, the most important thing 
 Trees 
 Gimme some, gimme some 
 Gimme some, gimme some 
 Gimme some, gimme some 
 Ay yo Dahi what up, my nigga? Drop that shit! 
 Uh, I feel like I'm finished Soul searching 
 I feel like I know my Soul purpose 
 Colder than a Winter Solstice, you're a dope dealer if you sold this 
 Yo, Soul everywhere if you ain't notice! 
 (Yeah!) 
 Solar power, solar system, told you so 
 You was a compartment in your car, you couldn't console 
 (Yeah!) 
 No to consolidate hoping those listening 
 Nuttin' but facts and tracks I'm soliciting! 
 (Yeah!) 
 Soul Plane, Soul Train, those are no-brainers 
 So-So thick, to defeat me would be amazing 
 A day and a half, in these 8 and a halves 
 A SOL lit a fire, well I'm the greatest to rap 
 (Soulo!) 
 Top Dawg soldier, hoes call me Soulo 
 (Yeah!) 
 I left America with a bottle of Soul Glo 
 So everywhere Soul go? Soul gon' shine 
 Everybody knows like Beyonce and Solange! 
 Uh, what the fuck is Soul on? 
 We really out here but we ain't at the Solan 
 Look, a pair of Persols that cost like fo' 
 Kid from Del Amo, with a flow that's so universal 
 Soul! 
 Oh-oh yeah and I'm the solution nigga! 
 Soul-lute me! 
 That was a stretch 
 I'm absoul-lutely the best 
 Yeah!