All my life 
 All my life 
 I say all my life, all my life, all my life I knew I was tight 
 I say all my life, all my life, all my life I knew I was sick 
 I say all my life, all my life, all my life I knew I was ill 
 I say all my life, all my life, all my life I knew I was I'll be here 
 I'll be there, everywhere, tell the truth you wouldn't dare 
 Cross me like the gold you wear 
 Soulo flow like the solar flare in the open air 
 So much smoke that I'm comatose, but I still want mo' 
 Tde generals, she ain't spiritual but she still want Soul 
 God bless, God body, no fear in nobody, no thing 
 Can I proceed? Collect all of my proceeds 
 Don't I flow like I don't bleed? Every cut is just dumb 
 After me there will be none I told you there is only one (Soul) 
 Yeah, and I just might be in your hood 
 Causin' havoc with my bros, and instill all to the good 
 Horse and carriage when I roll, it's sober hopin' so it's 'stood 
 I'm in Hollywood 'cause I remember when I had 50 Cent, up In Da Club 
 All my life I knew I was major, I don't need no major 
 I don't even write rhymes, I really shouldn't have to sign paper to dominate the 
 Game y'all praise on hand and knee, just waited till it came to me 
 I just kept it real with y'all, keeping it real with me 
 'Cause I ain't got no fear, under the atmosphere 
 Trying to stay high, as long as we down here 
 Listen closely, see what we bout here 
 Who really bout that, you'll see when the smoke clears 
 'Cause we really out here! (We really out here!) 
 We really out here! (We really out here!) 
 We really out here! (We really out here, yeah yeah yeah!) 
 Uh, and it might not be such a bad idea if I never went home again 
 Fuck the same hoes again, bumpin' "Druggies Wit Hoes Again" with my bros again 
 No, I want the world chico and everything in it 
 Every beverage with Codeine in it 
 How the fuck you say I sold my spirit? 
 I'm still taking blows at the Senate 
 Claims of Illuminati, I'm just tryna Illuminate 
 Praise to the most high, God, Jah, Allah, Yahweh 
 Selassie eye and I'm proud to say, I never need a 9 by my waist 
 Niggas still respect my game so celestials respect my space 
 And I just might be in your hood 
 Causin' havoc with my bros, and it is still all to the good 
 Horse and carriage when I roll, it's over ho, it's overstood 
 I was overlooked, I went overboard now I'm overbooked 
 Ab-Soul, Luke Just, my life is like an open book 
 Read between the lines nigga 
 I did this shit legally blind nigga 
 Yeah, Soulo ho, Carson arson with Del Amo (Knock Knock!) 
 Tell your folks I said hello, I ain't never scared 
 'Cause I ain't got no fear, under the atmosphere 
 Trying to stay high, as long as we down here 
 Listen closely, see what we bout here 
 Who really bout that, you'll see when the smoke clears 
 'Cause we really out here! (We really out here!) 
 We really out here! (We really out here!) 
 We really out here! (We really out here, yeah yeah yeah!) 
 All my life, all my life, all my life I knew I was tight 
 All my life, all my life, all my life I knew I was sick 
 All my life, all my life, all my life I knew I was ill 
 All my life, all my life, all my life knew I'd be here (All my life) 
 These days, at this point in my life, you know what I mean 
 I kinda really wanna use music to help people get through their days 
 Instead of just staying in the dumps, just keep going. 
 Bring light to the situation, maybe, you know, 
 Try to find your own personal message in that incident, 
 That experience and try to move forward 
 Y'all got me, everything good, y'all can hear me? 
 Before we start, lemme just say this, lemme just say this 
 I'm dating you Day 
 Wait, wait, pause 
 No gay shit 
 Hold your remarks, what's the difference between a date and a day anyway Day? 
 A date is a day that's marked 
 I'm smart, and just 'cause I know you love 'em so much 
 I came with name flips for days, tailored just for Day 
 I'm expecting Day to base his verse on data based on turds 
 My database said Day the basehead that day to base head 
 Is he dope? No 
 Who gave Day the base, ball is what we do best 
 Flock his projects, that's a home run, Day 
 The baseball is what we do best 
 Carpe diem, that's how you say seize the day in French 
 I stand behind these bars for the rest of my life 
 I will never see the light of day again 
 Now witnessing this rare occasion I bear fruits of my labor this grape is green 
 I gotta eat on the go Day 
 I hope they told you that everything that Soul say don't go a long way, what? 
 A ho in Chipotle, no 
 This is food for thought, from a dog on top 
 We been nuts 
 There was a fool who thought we was new to this 
 But who knew this would end up, a glow stick in a uterus 
 That's light in a box 
 And that's light, that's light 
 But light like to lick twat a lot so that's right 
 That's what y'all call street? 
 No tales from the Crip this evening, he slip 
 Seems he forgot what the C meant 
 It's yo dumbass that thought that last part was so concrete 
 But I guess you'd have to be Ken to get that bar beat, pardon me 
 I bet right about now you feelin' like Jordan down in the Jordan Downs 
 In fact it's crazy that you even play ball to clear your thoughts before raw backwards 
 And that's cool, but for this round, save the bull before you let the Jordan Downs and Jordan down 
 Now, as for the crew 
 Well, uh, the villain been itchin' to skin a dog 
 And this nigga bought, what, a hundred and three dalmations? 
 It's safe to say your mob of dots won't make it 
 And I'm a fan first 
 But it won't take too many seconds to leave you in a damn urn 
 You deserve this disservice 
 I put this man in ERs if he don't got no man nerves, man word 
 I'm expectin' some etiquette in your segment kid 
 I brought you to the 'Stu to show how we do 
 So all them antics and funny shit you do for the cameras don't get aired here 
 They can't see you 
 Wave your title to this tidal wave, we do 
 And you don't appear to be a peer to me, for real 
 You should kneel to me or somethin' 
 Fuck it, to keep it 100 
 You're nil to me, that's nothing 
 Heard they been raisin' raisins down on Grape Street, that's crazy right? 
 That's what happens when you expose them grapes to too much daylight 
 So your chances of standin' 
 Much smaller than my plan to defeat you 
 Wait, what, do I gotta put it in photosynthesis or somethin', son? 
 Shed some light on Day? 
 Till he's cropped out 
 No not now, I won't need a plant to defeat you 
 The sequel, this movie, won't need to be continued 
 You finally encountered somethin' you can't counter, coward 
 You're counterfeit 
 You ain't gotta be in a Walgreen's pharmacy 
 To see quill drug over the counter 
 After your mother consumed you, you were the fruit of the womb 
 After you were born, I'm sure you wore Fruit of the Looms 
 Now I'm tryna figure out, is you from Grape Street, Crip? 
 Or just another fruit in this room? 
 It's crucial, you choose, I'm sure you don't want me to assume 
 I should be against the law to run into 
 'Cause we all know in LA I'm double you, all so true 
 Today is the day I split Day in two 
 What the fuck has battle rap turned Day into? 
 Are you from Gotham or from Watts?, Are you Batman, Spawn, or Davon? 
 Did you really think "Paul Walker" was a dope song? 
 If so, you were wrong 
 Hold on, I got one more, and don't lie to me 
 Do you really have a Batmobile outside, my G? 
 Don't be so transparent, this nigga's light, through 
 If you don't know what transparent means, let me enlighten you 
 If it's transparent, that means that it lets the light through 
 So I should smack this trans' parents for lettin' light through 
 Like, he nerve of this cat 
 Lyin' with a motionless emotion 
 This nigga Day all bitch 
 Somebody get Quill a quilt before Quill get kilt 
 Do Quill got skill at all, homie? 
 It was some Braveheart shit, all I heard was Nas, homie 
 Did you really expect to last, Day? 
 You know Revelations say that we livin' in the last days 
 I mean, I see you skimmed through Genesis and Timothy but did you get to that page? 
 You got Gats? 
 You think your little arm'll get in the way of Armageddon? 
 Forget it Day, no, really, forget this day 
 If I had a time machine, I'd go back in time to see 
 Just how many people would say "Yes" to Day 
 Nobody, fam, nobody, fam 
 That's why I'm ahead to day 
 No, no body fam, that's why I'm a head today 
 No, nobody fam, that's why I'm ahead of Day 
 Somebody check the clock, I think I'm ahead a day 
 Send him to the choppin' block, off with the head of Day 
 It's only right I be blunt to Lyt 
 I only gave Lyt a match to light a blunt 
 I see I should have used the lighter instead 
 Chill Loc, we ain't smokin' no purple 
 We need the fire instead 
 When I think of daylight, I think of shit like 
 Breakfast, morning, birds singin', kids playin' 
 See where I'm goin'? 
 That means you better break fast, or I'll have your family mournin' 
 When that bird sings, kid, I ain't playin' and you know it 
 But you know what? 
 (Hold on, hold on, let me get you right, we have this shit) 
 Take this 500 before you clap this shit up 
 Say this, let me say this, let me just say this 
 These flashin' lights got Lyt flashin', nigga, for the glory 
 You're Buzz Lightyears from here, Quill, and you tellin' toy stories 
 You boys bore me, that's why I'm hoggin' all lanes 
 All your bars Häagen-Dazs, that's on everything 
 Day a dairy queen, Deluxe, bless king 
 Dearly beloved, all first verse, all first verse 
 You know I brought a hearst for the sausage you brought worst 
 Dearly beloved, here lies this little light of mine that tried to let it shine 
 And I hate that we have to 
 Hear the lies from this little light of mine that tried 
 To let it shine 
 But I'm ill, you men ate when I finished Lyt 
 You get it, Lyt? 
 That's how you ILL-u-min-ate, and finish Lyt, good night 
 (Hold on, hold on, hold on, let me get you right 
 You got that for me? You got that for me?) 
 Brought you some complimentary TDE ski masks 
 Question, you know how many copies The Matrix sold? 
 It don't matter, The Matrix old 
 I double cats, I ask 'em if they seen the glitch 
 No, no, no 
 Face it, I got it covered 
 Prevail, they say the sail was a threat to Hell 
 The gravitational stitch cause some niggas seem down 
 They come up with this perfectly clean round 
 But I hope you not doin' this cause of fear 
 Of the pen, I'ma prove you pussy within 
 But I guess it's up to you to risk your career 
 I retire niggas, I'm the slow leak crew, I could OD too 
 To even the odds some 
 He thought he Kelis get a baby victory 
 But all he got was "Na's, son" 
 Check this out, he not ready 
 Either you fight back or I Ether you 
 Thought you could face what I hand you, well this is impeccable 
 Soon as I took a peek at you, you looked shocked 
 Peep at you, put everything at stake 
 Well done, this is beef, right? 
 Jesus, holy cow, cut the bull, soul before you get meatsliced 
 I'm from the third, I gotta try you 
 Guy you play Ryu, you might lose a Ken in a street fight 
 Night slow guiders with both sirens 
 You still couldn't see Lyt 
 Division, I got it covered, I'm so eye lit 
 Pilot, fly, I be the goblin 
 We battle for a stack, in fact they had to get a cataract 'cause I be the problem 
 But it's useless, use less filler 
 Excuse this, excuses, but, but, but 
 These ass-cheek niggas dead 
 You said you would fry Day previously 
 But that's what the last week nigga said 
 But, but, but, keep cool Joe cause dog crazy 
 Get down, we turn niggas vegetable if they don't let us up 
 He know the heat blowers like Daffy at the casino, nigga you better duck 
 But I tell them tails we never tuck 
 We gon' line that ass up 
 I from the Watts block for decision 
 My profession is stompin' squares the fuck out 
 We played hopscotch for a livin' 
 But that's def, that's just plain old def 
 It's funny how we're all in here but bro don't listen 
 Have a seat, picture this, picture this photo 
 This a Soulo bizard, hold up 
 Is it because he 'bout to get smoked? 
 Common roll the physics, so exquisite, thought I was in here dolo 
 No bro, somebody tell Soulo this not a solo mission 
 The deal closed, SoHo is it 
 Thought you could fuck wit Miguel I gotta code tho, split him 
 Look at your girl dead in her eyes and say "Fuck Dorothy dog" 
 I'm toto dissin' 
 But at this moment, everybody in the room should be scared as Hell 
 As I release bars, they better bail 
 Objects that I process is parallel 
 Let's get this aligned 
 Minus sinus, the stuffy nose flew overhead, it's cold 
 Redemption, stay still, as I apply Dayquil 
 'Cause you look like you need medical attention, don't mind me 
 See where mind be is a mine, explosive 
 Interior is inferior, this is a hobby probably 
 Y'all see I got the drop on everybody 
 That's why I reign superior 
 Whether you like or not, it's Hell for you, ice plate 
 These blister niggas still can't overshadow a nice Day, remember 
 You did say you were Friday 
 But you don't realize you're on the weak end to the streets 
 Preacher for they peeps, you asshole 
 You in the motion to grab toes, you're reachin' for defeat 
 I tell 'em I got the foreign 
 Cut the sheep, it's all for the woolish 
 Game, I play is death, get sword for the hoodish 
 Actin', it's Tinactin, it's all for the footage 
 I'm dope, I'm practical, crack to you 
 I need a lot of space, the galactic crew, the actors knew 
 You feel it it's Felix, see what the old cat could do 
 But you got the roots stirred up 
 Gelatin dropped and slide, this game is stormchasin' 
 Based on whether you got the drive 
 Win rounds, destroy their whole city 
 Will they get toured? Nay, do you realize 
 I still got a break, brother 
 When I quake in action, think of Blake and Jackin' 
 Take cover 
 That's Lyt work, Soul 
 Cut your lights switch, see how the Lyt works, Soul 
 I cut the light switch off and your light switch off, Soul 
 Somebody get this nigga help 
 I mean, like, Soul, assist him 
 Get him help, I'm sendin' this nigga out the Solar System 
 I mean it's simple, Aretha Franklin, you a soul sister 
 (That's enough, man Imma have to throw one of these masks on, man 
 Should I finish him off? 
 Use the mask, Day 
 I ain't done) 
 And I told you once, I gotta give 'em the quill 
 And I gotta give 'em the skill 
 I be on mytip like I tried to give 'em the bill 
 New approach, Bull coach, I tried to give 'em the Phil 
 For Watts, starvin', gotta get us a meal 
 Bein' modest, this is modern astrology for the real 
 You can't back up defeat but I try to get up the hill 
 Cold, rack up the heat but I'm tired of niggas that grill 
 Chicago in my blood, but I used to be the shyest 
 Cat form, but now I'm back searchin' for the highest 
 Platform, see where I come from, it was sirens 
 Blackboards, eyelids see the violence, what is that for? 
 44 Shoot, they screamin', "Who's that guy?" 
 Jesus, his face, they screamin', "Who's that god?" 
 We be on the top, careers gettin' too high 
 They knew I would get a million dollars, what I do buy 
 That pink kid in the cup, that Majin Buu fly 
 Tragic, twin maggots, I grew up too fly 
 They askin, "Who I?" in front of that 
 They askin, "Who I?" in front of that triangle black 
 That's that guy that come with the side kangol hat 
 We take it back from slangin' packs to the stars mission 
 Older now, I'm in the Rover but it's not a Mars mission 
 Settle down, one child, marry, feel like I'm Marge pimpin' 
 Bitches wanna eat my shorts, feel like I'm Bart Simpson 
 I feel this a full moon, chocolate, dreams puddin' 
 They be likin' everything I do, they're teen wolfin' 
 But you got it, you got it bad 
 2Pac, don't rock a sag 
 Two watches, that's pocket change 
 Dude coppin' that clock exchange 
 Credit good, I'ma pull the card out 
 Better be hyesterectomy, show 'em how to ball out 
 Cough, they can't stomach 'em so they fall out 
 Whip, double roof, dog barkin' on the dog house 
 And I gotta give 'em the Lyt 
 My people in the struggle, I gotta give 'em a fight 
 Ain't no equal piece of puzzle, hope God'll give us the mic 
 Ain't no sequel to this puzzle, I gotta give us the life 
 Wow, they say the Bugatti went up in price 
 Wow, that's a million 
 I'm done 
 Que je suis, je suis tres concentre