Nigga have you ever dreamed? 
 I was the man and you a thing 
 One and two 
 Anytime I get mad, I can't get back to you 
 God damn, who the hell let rats in the house? 
 King of lions, who let these cats rattin' out of the house? 
 Houston, Texas when I'm on land, I lean back like a couch 
 I'm not playin', I want it bad, call shots like a spouse 
 We roll that kushy up, we eat that pussy though 
 Suck it till you're throwin' up, my Phantom grey, no hound 
 I lost a Lear, no bucks, still waitin' on that Bentley truck 
 Stop playin', look bitty boy, you're a duck 
 He ain't YSL, nigga, he ain't in the hut 
 I might stop buy and let that little bitch lush 
 I pull up and chop at your cousin, your bus 
 Little nigga, you know what it was 
 You know what it is, you know what it does 
 I'm makin' your old lady shake it 
 She suckin' too slow, I'm impatient 
 My diamonds so wet like they bathin' 
 Don't know where to go, I'm amazin' 
 What's amazin'? I don't know 
 What's amazin'? I don't know 
 What's amazin'? I don't know 
 What's amazin'? (Amazing is a grateful thing) 
 I might accept your apology 
 I mean you throw L's up if you ain't followin' 
 I am a beast, your life I'll be swallowin' 
 And I've been drinkin', I need to bottle this 
 Man I'm so tired of these niggas man 
 I am so tired of these bitches 
 I'm so magnificent, studio workin' 
 I'm wearin' a top like I'm pimpin' 
 Your bitch want my milk 
 I'm sittin' at the top lookin' down at these wimps 
 These hoes just roll me a blunt 
 And you know that they stuffy, they cannot be empty 
 I never had cutlass and donks 
 I based up my bankroll then based out my trunk 
 I might fuck that lil bitch in the mornin' 
 I might put her out and call Tyrone 
 Snoop Dogg, I might go ahead and bone 
 I'm big ballin', bitch put me inside the dome 
 I'm wearin' Maison Margiela (the tight way) 
 I'm wearin' Maison Margiela (the right way) 
 I'm wearin' Maison Margiela (the scary sight way) 
 I'm wearin' Maison Margiela (the goodnight way) 
 Take some sand to the beach 
 Party with a couple foreign freaks 
 Kim K lookin' ho, Yeezy 
 Florida livin' nigga, Pork N Beans 
 Yeah, and I'mma ride this bitch tonight 
 And I just might ride this bitch tonight 
 Pork N Beans where you at baby? 
 Pork N Beans where you at baby? 
 Brown sugar on that bitch 
 Pull up with a ho and she know I'm ready to 
 Bust her, pay her, leave her, fuck her 
 I don't wait up, let me check my mail 
 He broke, he servin' his squad with a scale 
 I make it rain, I hope all is well 
 I pull off deep like what in the hell? 
 Ho give on my niggas some bails 
 Wait I'mma lay down 'fore I'll tell 
 Pull up in old school Chevelles 
 I don't save pictures, they might get revealed 
 How many times have I asked are you well? 
 How many times have I popped a perc pill? 
 How many homies at home on the bail? 
 How many times have I told you you shell? 
 How many meals have I ate until I burp? 
 Dropping the top on the Mulsanne ain't no hot top on merchs 
 Hey I worked so hard to get out that dirt 
 Hey I was thinking this is not that work