Pour that shit up fool, the sauce - monster! 
 Man so you ain't gonna pour? 
 Oh so you're gonna make a nigga beg you to pour? Okay bool 
 Hopped out my mothafuckin' bed 
 Hopped in the mothafuckin' coupe (Skrr) 
 Pulled up on the Birdman (Brr) 
 I'm a beast, I'm a beast, I'm a mobster 
 You got 50 whole bands, you'll be my sponsor (just for the night) 
 Them snakes on the plane, me and Cognac-conda (condas) 
 Yeah 
 I might piece him up and let my partner smoke him 
 Chuck E Cheese, I'm about pizza and my Rol' on 
 I'm a gangster, I don't dance, baby I poke 
 Right now I'm surrounded by some gangsters from Magnolia 
 I heard I put it in the spot, yessir she told me 
 My niggas muggin', these niggas YSL only 
 I heard my Nolia niggas not friendly, like no way 
 But we not friendly either, you know it 
 Yeah thumbs up 
 I've seen more holes than a golf course on Donald Trump's course 
 My bitch a tall blooded horse, nigga, bronco 
 And if you catch us down bet you're not gon' trunk us 
 You got a body, lil nigga, we got a ton of 'em 
 You got some Robin's, lil nigga, we got some Batmans 
 I let that choppa go "blocka, blocka," get back, son 
 You got them MJs, nigga, I got them Jacksons (racks) 
 But really what is it to do 
 When the whole world constantly hatin' on you? 
 Pussy niggas hold their nuts, masturbatin' on you 
 Meanwhile the fuckin' federal baitin' on you 
 Nigga tell me what you do 
 Would you stand up or would you turn to a pussy nigga? 
 I got a hundred things to do 
 And I can stop rappin' but I can't stop stackin' fuckin' figures 
 Yeah, I'm from that mothafuckin' 'Nolia, nigga 
 Birdman'll break a nigga nose, lil' nigga 
 You need to slow your fuckin' roll, lil' nigga 
 We created Ks on shoulders, nigga 
 I'm a scary fuckin' sight, lil' nigga 
 We won a hundred mil' on fights, lil' nigga 
 A hundred bands, sure you're right, lil' nigga 
 I keep some AKs on my flights, lil' nigga 
 Birdman Willie B 
 Smoke some stunna blunts, now my eyes Chinese 
 Hundred K on private flights overseas 
 Choppas City nigga, free BG 
 Bentley with the doors all 'round, not a Jeep 
 Rich nigga shit, smoke two pounds in a week 
 Can't find a bitch that don't know we them streets 
 Bitches know that I am Birdman, that's OG 
 But really what is it to do 
 When the whole world constantly hatin' on you? 
 Pussy niggas hold their nuts, masturbatin' on you 
 Meanwhile the fuckin' federal baitin' on you 
 Nigga tell me what you do 
 Would you stand up or would you turn to a pussy nigga? 
 I got a hundred things to do 
 And I can stop rappin' but I can't stop stackin' fuckin' figures 
 Nigga I'm a crack addict 
 Thought about lettin' them get a cut, then I went and snagged at it 
 The new Boosie Badazz at it 
 I'ma drop a nigga life, just like a bad habit 
 I stick to the ground like a mothafuckin' rug 
 I'm a big dog, lil' fuck nigga you a pug 
 Lil' bitch clean your drawers before you think you're a thug 
 Before I be in front your shows, just like your pub 
 I ain't even lyin', baby 
 I swear to God I ain't lyin', baby, no 
 First I'll screw you without these pliers, baby 
 I might dap you like, "good try, baby" 
 Big B livin', baby 
 Them boys on my left throwin' up Cs 
 I promise their mama see them this week 
 And I don't break promises with my Ds (them my dogs) 
 I want Ms and cheese, mister Mickey Ds 
 She know I am a beast, I am so a beast 
 In Miami I swear they don't got good weed 
 Wiz Khalifa can you send me some weed please? 
 Yeah, overseas, nigga, top floor, clear windows, nigga 
 Glass house, drankin' GT, you understand? 
 We in that Red Light District, you understand? 
 3 and 1, that mean 3 on me, nigga, you understand me? 
 Just livin' the life, boy, aye Thug, just a dollar for a 1, nigga 
 We can blow a mil', boy. Rich Gang, YSL, blatt!