Thugger, Thugger nigga! 
 Yeeur, Yeeur! 
 (MPA, YSL shit, nigga) 
 Hundred bands in my pants, YSL loaded 
 Got them choppers in advance, MPA, they loaded! (loaded) 
 Who the fuck told you lil' niggas you was soldiers?(Who that?) (Who?Who?) 
 Who the fuck told you lil' niggas you was soldiers?(Who told you that?) 
 I'm just sayin' homie (sayin' nigga... I'm sayin') 
 Nigga I'm just sayin' homie (sayin' my nigga... I'm sayin') 
 (Uh!) Plottin' on Donald Trump (woo! woo!) 
 I was 15 years old when I shot that chopper (rrraah rrrah rraaow!) 
 I bought a carbine 15 when I was 18 (And what?) 
 Sent a couple niggas to the doctor (yooo!) (bah bah bah!) 
 I rape it, I finger that 'xtendo (Woo!) 
 I peel it, I feel it 
 I take all they stuff and I head to the 'hill with it (woo!) 
 Let PeeWee deal with it 
 Back in the day I was actin' illiterate 
 I'm hot like a skillet bitch 
 My gators look like they got Syphillis 
 My bitches be bleedin' like literally 
 I slime my fake brothers (I slime my fake brothers) 
 I'm not Casino, but Thugger be killin' it 
 Killin' it, killin' it (Killin' it, killin' it killin' it!) 
 Do not think I'm tripping when I say "Longway be the real-iest" 
 I said do not think I'm tripping when I say "Bitch, I be the real-iest" 
 Hundred bands in my pants, YSL loaded 
 Got them choppers in advance, MPA, they loaded! (loaded) 
 Who the fuck told you lil' niggas you was soldiers?(Who that?) (Who?Who?) 
 Who the fuck told you lil' niggas you was soldiers?(Who told you that?) 
 I'm just sayin' homie (sayin' nigga... I'm sayin') 
 Nigga I'm just sayin' homie (sayin' my nigga... I'm sayin') 
 I go to the 'hill with the hipp-iest 
 Loaded down with nothin' but Benjamins 
 Piped up and shot an Olympia 
 OG, we wrappin' and shippin' it 
 Who told you lil' niggas I ain't with the shits? 
 Pull up and hop out with dirty sticks 
 We comin' for nothin' but 36 
 Them birdies for all of you idiots 
 We snatch' 'em and take all your giblets 
 Young Thugger Thugger just told you we killin' it 
 How could you lil' niggas be soldiers? 
 I go down yo' roster ain't none of you killin' shit 
 I move like a monster real swiftly 
 I smoke like a rasta Chief keef'n the reefer (ganja!) 
 I'm loaded with OG dispensary (good gas!) 
 Kardashian, my ho just like Kimberley 
 A nigga sadiddy like Hilary 
 First to ship down, and I kick it in Beverley 
 Loaded with Benjamin Franklin 
 Walkin' through Beverly Center with etiquette 
 Issuing out so many bars, the cameras are rolling 
 They tryna edit it (Longway!) 
 Jawbreaker, jawbreaker, jawbreaker 
 I got that hard like "Ed, Edd, n' Eddy" 
 Hundred bands in my pants, YSL loaded 
 Got them choppers in advance, MPA, they loaded! (loaded) 
 Who the fuck told you lil' niggas you was soldiers?(Who that?) (Who?Who?) 
 Who the fuck told you lil' niggas you was soldiers?(Who told you that?) 
 I'm just sayin' homie (sayin' nigga... I'm sayin') 
 Nigga I'm just sayin' homie (sayin' my nigga... I'm sayin')