Hip hop is all about havin' fun, yo, yo 
 Sword still swing like Kenobi, y'all cowards know me 
 With the strength of Samson, you still couldn't hold me 
 I got the rock stone from David's slingshot 
 Who could master the wisdom to which Rakeem got? 
 Watch for the cops, third eye like the Cyclops 
 Red from the chronic, don't need no eye drops 
 Swingin' white tops on the block till 4 o'clock then hit IHOP's 
 Fiends in line like I Robot 
 Take a hit and transform like the GoBots 
 Tell my uncle that I know what he know not 
 Bank like Agent Cody, on the hunt like rapin? coyotes 
 Wild like forty Mexicans sippin' on Peyote 
 In an all black Toyota, W's on the grill, steerin? wheel and the motor 
 Out to get the mills till I'm paid like Bob DeNiro 
 With seven prime numbers that's followed by God zero's 
 MC epitome, but these ducka sucka muthafuckas tryin' to get rid of me 
 But if you decipher my lyrics, truthfully and not critically 
 You'll see I influence the world mentally as well as physically 
 Emotionally, promotionally, devotionally, socially 
 Speak the truth, and tell you how it's supposed to be 
 Zig Zag Zilla came, where's up the hilla man? 
 Rewind that shit 
 Sword still swing like Kenobi, y'all cowards know me 
 With the strength of Samson, you still couldn't hold me 
 I got the rock stone from David's slingshot 
 Who could master the wisdom to which Rakeem got? 
 Watch for the cops, my third eye like the Cyclops 
 Red from the chronic, I don't need no eye drops 
 Swingin' white tops on the block till 4 o'clock then hit IHOP's 
 Fiends in line like I Robot 
 Take a hit and transform like the GoBots 
 Tell my uncle that I know what he know not 
 Bank like Agent Cody, on the hunt like rapin? coyotes 
 Wild like forty Mexicans sippin' on Peyote 
 In an all black Toyota, W's on the grill, wheel and the motor 
 Headin? to North Dakota 
 With the cocaine plus the bakin? soda 
 MC epitome but these savages tryin' to get rid of me 
 If you decipher my words, truthfully not critically 
 You'll see I influence the world mentally as well as physically 
 Emotionally, promotionally, devotionally, socially 
 Nigga, I tell you how it's supposed to be 
 Zig Zag Zilla came, where's up the hilla, man? 
 Y'all cowards know me 
 D for digital, I, irresistible 
 G be graphical, I, immeasurable 
 T come technical, A, analytical 
 L be that lyrical, who? Bobby Digital 
 D for digital, I, irresistible 
 G be graphical, I, incredible 
 T for technical, A, analytical 
 L for lyrical, who? Bobby Digital 
 Yeah, we gon' take it back RZA 
 Who the fuck stepped on the wire? 
 You stupid mutha 
 So you thought you was goin' to escape, didn't you? 
 You thought you could escape? 
 Aiyo, let the wolves in 
 Aiyo son, aiyo G, yo, let the wolves in 
 All the niggas in the back 
 All the wolves in the back come up front 
 We gon' get savage real quick 
 Fuck that 
 Aiyo, hold on, hold on, hold on, nigga 
 Man, get the fuck off my feet, man 
 What the fuck wrong with you, nigga 
 I'm tryin' to do my shit 
 Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, Happy New Year, nigga 
 Merry Christmas, it's July 
 So the mad scientist continued to drink the Digital Elixir 
 Fightin? with the good and evil inside himself 
 Tryin' to be Bobby, tryin' to be RZA 
 Tryin' to be one, tryin' to be real 
 Tryin' to be unreal 
 Tryin' to be super real, nigga 
 Rest in peace to the ODB 
 Greatest MC of all time, greatest performer 
 One of the greatest performers of all times 
 Aiyo, O, yo, O, happy birthday, nigga