(Feat. Daddy-O, Division) 
 (Intro: Daddy-O (RZA)) 
 Yo, yo, yo, yo Bobby 
 What up, what up? I can't really hear you 
 Aiyo, I left ten pounds in the trunk and I gave Sha' ten 
 Make sure he drops them shits off 
 I'm on my way back to Mexico, to pick up another hundred 
 (What up?) Can you hear me? can you hear me? (Uh-huh) 
 Yo make the drop off, don't forget man! 
 (ShaCronz) 
 I got niggaz on the block, block 
 Niggaz with them gats, gats 
 Niggaz on the strip, strip 
 Puffin' them packs, packs 
 To my workers that stays sharp like razors 
 Play my part and blaze it, we braveheart with paper 
 My niggaz got that Dutch, Dutch 
 Niggaz got that black, black 
 Niggaz got a bitch, bitch, head in they lap, lap 
 My team ain't wit' it, we dreamed and did it 
 Leaned and pivot, schemed for digits 
 Everything you seen, we lived it 
 Nigga front then we get at duke 
 Dick hard like statues go to hole like Shaq do 
 Cut you like a cantelope 
 Like Iverson the truth and the answer 
 I'm the poison and the antidote 
 Don't care if the bitch cute, we don't sex raw 
 We play the corners like the castles on a chess board 
 Up in the Lex 4, drinkin' a Beck's boy 
 Shoppin' in the best stores, I'm the nigga to check for 
 (Hook: Freemurder) 
 Wanna spend our cheese, smoke all our weed 
 No tattoo on titties, sayin' F-R-E 
 And my nigga Crizzee baby, and my nigga Digi baby 
 Wanna spend our cheese, smoke all our weed 
 No tattoo on titties, sayin' Bob Digi 
 Or ShaCrizzee baby, or Lil' Frizzee baby 
 (Interlude: girl (RZA)) 
 (Moaning) 
 Bobby stop! 
 Bobby (sirens) the cops is comin' 
 (Moans) 
 (That shit is tight girl) 
 (Cops:) "hey you!" 
 (Moans) 
 (Fuck that mothafucka, you know how I do) 
 (Sirens) 
 (Moans) 
 (Car speeding off) 
 (RZA) 
 Up in the drop-top Boxter headin' the opposite 
 Direction of the cop inside the chopper 
 I got the tall Grey Goose vodka 
 This bitch on my side, with no panties, finger pop her 
 Ten pounds of skunk up in the front trunk 
 Bird like hittin' a blunt, about to cum, and I'm pinchin' her cunt *girl moans* 
 Ninety miles per hour I'm like "Fuck these punks!" 
 It's the land of the free son, you only live once 
 You a smart motherfucker or stupid dunce? 
 Music blastin', she orgasm like a singer 
 Sweet, wet pussy got all over my fingers 
 Now I'm sniffin' my hand, all sippin' the plan 
 Got the pedal to the floor, goin' swift as I can 
 Hit the exit, chk-chk-chuh, make the left quick 
 Hit the garage and slip inside the Lexus 
 I got many whips, many clips, many chicks 
 And my dick's been sucked by many lips 
 Many tips, or many Vicks, many sticks 
 And love to fuck with plenty chips 
 (Girl) 
 He got many whips, many clips, many chicks 
 And his dick's been sucked by many lips 
 Many tips, or many Vicks, many sticks 
 And love to fuck with plenty chips