Yeah, some firm shit, you know I mean? 
 For all the niggas, in New York all across the motherfuckin' world (world), 
 Ain't nuttin' changed yet (ain't nuttin' changed yet) 
 Shit's still real (shit's still real), yo yo 
 Yo major large niggas get they grind on cash, while the crab thinkin' 
 Niggas keep they mind on ass 
 I guess most motherfuckers ain't designed to last 
 Whatever happened to the realness from back in the past? 
 Whatever happened to the realness from back in the past? 
 Whatever happened to the realness from back in the past? 
 You know the routine, fast cars, rings get a crew seen 
 We true fiends, old school style that's how we do things 
 Born and destined, hands on many investments 
 Strong, reflect this till I'm drawn back to the essence 
 Street wise, thirty six waist, small feet size 
 The C.I.'s quick to slide off, once the heat rise 
 Detour, poverty's on, police war 
 Grown through each dawn, searchin' new ways for me to eat more 
 Fast learner, quiet storm, play the back burner 
 Bureaucrats, I react like Nat Turner 
 Hold weight, used to rock kicks wit no lace 
 Fuck a soul mate, low heart pace, pulse at a slow rate 
 Runnin' rapid, while others play as if they captive 
 Brain's inactive, bein' subjected to this crab shit 
 To each his own, fuck the foulness, need a week alone 
 We can zone, all day long, on the speaker phone 
 Six hundred, nine five North, stay blunted, stress I came from it 
 Sex got drained from it 
 The new breed star gazin', raisin' two seeds 
 To be free, the franchise is all a whole crew need, indeed 
 Whatever happened to the realness from back in the past? 
 Whatever happened to the realness from back in the past? 
 Whips and full clips and pussy lips 
 Rubber grips attached to hips 
 Past the journey to the crib, the purest sickness cura 
 Holy Koran, sirah, leaves man to understand, I stand up as rough briva 
 Heart is bleedin', stress got my hair line receedin' 
 God look we feedin', leadin' my seeds, back to Eden 
 And stay suspicious of promiscuous bitches 
 Who don't wash and do dish and to big for your britches 
 Lustin' riches, fuckin' the next man mistress 
 You wonder why your pussy itches, fat ass sample wit out the glitches 
 Shatter your mental, split your bean up like a lentel 
 Disfigure your face, you recognizin' by the dental 
 Hot lead from raw heat, left in store meat 
 Lay it out on Broadstreet, before he 
 Left all he heard was the echo from the shot 
 Cops all tops see revealed, he was stopped by the Glock 
 Devils lettin' off SCUDS, thugs trapped up in HUD houses 
 New York, been infested by Bloods, lustin' for colors of red 
 More black lies done shed through 
 Yet the blood travelin' through veins remain blue 
 Boned out until we zone out, no doubt 
 Chickenheads beg for the nine inch Applehead 
 Their legs open like fallopian, lubricated by petroleum 
 Nine months later comes the ovary explosion 
 Bitch you stupid? A hundred dollars you couldn't recoup it 
 When I reign the truth on your brain you muted 
 Rula Zig-Zag, Zig Allah, plus Allah Zig, Zag-Zig 
 We addin' more knowledge to your wig 
 (Word up, word up) Yeah (Wu-Tang, Firm up in this piece know what I mean?) 
 Holdin' it down stamp of approval, you know? (Get ya brain washed, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 Get ya muscle tendered and straight) 
 No doubt, no doubt 
 (Word up, the black God exists in the physical form, you know?) 
 The Firm baby, holdin' this, A to the Z, I know what time it is 
 (Aight) Armageddon