Yah, yah. I said I'm so high, 
 Put me on this year we number 1, 
 Possibly a cheers never thought we be up in here. 
 Christchurch city so pretty in the summer time 
 We drop a summer rhythm and got to be double time. 
 So high lazy eye down for whatever, uh, uh 
 They know I'm better then the 19th letter (letter) 
 As to the shizzy, a rizzy, a busy man, 
 Can rap to get dizzy can't get busy as the way I can. 
 I'm well known to expand on ya 
 I'll leave you touch without even laying a hand on ya. 
 Ya know the who, who, yo we coming though (though), 
 Represent my crew (crew), 
 Taking you on a ride a ride is like... 
 Oh its sounds so nice 
 You're the love of mine 
 You're the love of mine 
 Oh its sounds so nice and 
 You're the love of mine 
 You're the love of mine 
 Yo, I heard about it back in '86, 
 When I went to school with Voodoo Child, Spex fam' and Ladi-6. 
 8:30 sharp at the alley on Carisbrook 
 We might be late yo but we have to wait for Cook. 
 Back in the day you no my brother was the man then, 
 Battles came to and then when he drop his hand stand 
 Could never tell her how I felt about her. 
 I just keep it inside me while the other people crowd around her, 
 But I was in the back 
 Thinking a little wack 
 Scheming on a way so I could make contact. 
 We fell in love in the struggle over the wrong rap, 
 Round the time I got caught stealing from the top rack, 
 She encouraged me showed me how to stop that 
 Made me realize that I was chilling with the wrong cats. 
 So just for you I sat down this write this song phat, 
 Just to let you no that Scribe is back and on track...(track) 
 Oh its sounds so nice 
 You're the love of mine 
 You're the love of mine 
 Oh its sounds so nice and 
 You're the love of (yeah) mine 
 You're (yo) the love of mine 
 I do this for my fam' even Geoff saw you did stand, 
 Pre 23 little pom from Peter Pan 
 My brother T, Ju Ju most importantly my Mum and Dad, 
 Spex fam' and Ladi-6, the sisters I never had. 
 Things I'm so bad that the Scribe got a pen and pad 
 This year we are taking over, ain't no more holding back. 
 Shout to my cousin Jazz Reece, Quita Anuheara 
 My aunty Helen, Peter, Tasmo, Janet and Anita. 
 And to the Smithy', s Anorto and Giddy 
 Elaina, Jonny Solomon, Ebalie and Libby 
 And all the Simpsons, mmmmm 
 Paulina and Henry, Lily, Jordan, Danni you easily live to infiny. 
 Just know you with me no matter what I do-do 
 That's goes for you my healey you just the intire two 
 It's my intire crew you could never stop it, stop it. 
 Yeah... (laughs) 
 You know 
 Oh its sounds so nice 
 Oh its sounds so nice 
 Oh its sounds so nice 
 You're the love of mine 
 You're the love of mine x2 
 Woo-woo anyone else I forget 
 Too many to name but you know who you are, 
 Most importantly I know how you are... 
 Yeah...