They're coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me. 
 They're coming to get me thought I was ready for the fame that I've got 
 They're coming to get me thought I was ready for the fame but I'm not 
 From whatever his name is, Mr errr name is 
 To A list I'm on every playlist, how quick things changes 
 Man how quick it changes, ain't it 
 Who'd have thought that I'd be so famous 
 Definitely not me, but little old Prof be cockney's 
 Got lyrics so watch me I'm bad ya know 
 Mmmmmmm M... M... M... M ... M ...M ... mad ya know 
 Matters not 'cause I'm the man here now 
 Nnnn... na na na ... got a couple fans here now 
 Then got a couple more 
 Before I got 'em I was sure it was what I wanted 
 But now it's poppin' I'm not so sure, 'cause I get spotted 
 Even when I'm popping out my door 
 What's that mean? 
 My face is painted unlike I'd like it to be 
 But this is what I signed on the dotted line for 
 They ain't no way that I would want it to see 
 But things are getting a little out of control 
 They're coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me. 
 They're coming to get me thought I was ready for the fame that I've got 
 They're coming to get me thought I was ready for the fame but I'm not 
 I'm frightened look at the tattoo's on my neck 
 How can I hide them, their ain't a disguise that works 
 I've tried them, aside for a turtle neck jumper 
 Which ain't exactly practical with summer I'm stuck 
 What can I do, I put myself in, I got myself in the stew 
 Got myself in the charts then got myself in the news 
 How long until they get a picture of myself in the nude, Ah 
 Cause now people wanna sell a story 
 It;s my life how can they tell it for me 
 I'm sorry I'm just trying to find a way to manage the stress 
 The thought of a kiss and tellers doing *into a mumble* 
 I can 
 t even get impressed without worrying and getting about being paranoid 
 At a chick I date to say ... a quick to the tabloid ah 
 It's a lot different now it has happened 
 But even though I had it, when I'm smling 
 Believe I am annoyed cause ... 
 They're coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me, coming to get me. 
 They're coming to get me thought I was ready for the fame that I've got 
 They've coming to get me thought I was ready for the fame but I'm not