Before I'm done I'm gonna run this, run this x2 
 Before I'm done I'm gonna run this town, in to the ground 
 Dilute me, water me down? how? there's more chance or me courting a cow 
 Disappeared, last seen walking around at 27 with a sign saying forty and proud 
 Does Katie look like Amy or Amy look like Katie? 
 What the fuck are these cosmetic surgeons creating? 
 I never imagined shagging a manaquin but that vajazzle is so bedazzling. 
 I want the light skinned chick from the misfits to pull my pants down and tell me if this fits 
 When I say I'm a big prick it's my dick talking, I can't help it I'm a bit of a dipstick 
 Sadist, come on cunts insult me I insist a dimwit with a dick covered in lipstick, 
 On the prowl, walking around zipper down dick sticking out. 
 Before I'm done I'm gonna run this, run this x2 
 Before I'm done I'm gonna run this town, in to the ground 
 Who wants to fuck with me now? A half wit with a fringe started it and he's stuck with me now 
 I'm hunting him down, (why?) how could he accuse me of clucking over krusty the clown? 
 You're in trouble prick I'm in a muddle prick is that your chick or mick hucknell prick? 
 Dick, minge you puss I pray for the day I find you face down in a ginger bush 
 Imagine cheating on your wife? Footballers are as sleazy as you like 
 Imagine sleeping with the wife of another, imagine sleeping with the wife of your brother 
 Imagine if I'd Said Imogen I may do if I hate you, for me to name and shame you ain't nothin' 
 So make a mistake and say something, nothing not even an injuction with a cape can save you. 
 Before I'm done I'm gonna run this, run this x2 
 Before I'm done I'm gonna run this town, in to the ground 
 I don't say this to all the girls just you because I trust you, come here slut I need a drug mule 
 I do these things because its fun to, I don't need a mule for drugs I just wanted to see if you were in love enough to put drugs up you, now you got a clunge full of monk and mushrooms. 
 I really can't believe you called my bluff, I'm ain't fingering you chick I'm looking for my drugs. 
 Why think about what I say? I say what I feel women call me rapey I say cop a feel! 
 The worst day on this earth was the day I got a deal, I ain't been the same since the day I dropped a pill, I ain't lost appeal, I got appeal though, spit hard, kick rhymes with a steel toe, cap. been bad with a real flow, back, intact and I'm still pro brap... 
 Your opinions ain't shit to me, I couldn't give a fuck what you think of me 
 I may contradict myself as I change and I grow tho my bet'd be I'll be this way till I'm old. 
 From when I was young I've been to long in the tooth, I ain't down with the trumpets, I ain't quirky or cool, If I've offended you and your coming ot get me just know if I'm going to hell your coming with me. 
 Before I'm done I'm gonna run this, run this x2 
 Before I'm done I'm gonna run this town, in to the ground