Featuring The Reepz 
 (Sound Of Radio in the background) 
 (Sound Of Woman and Tray Lee in the background) 
 (Phone Rings) 
 Tray Lee:Hold On Hold On... Wait a minute 
 Yeah Yeah What's happenin'? 
 Phone:Tray yo what's up? how's it going Tray? 
 ByStorm business. 
 Tell yo honey to go and listen. 
 I need for you and the Reepz to put a hit 
 Out on the industry. 
 You know my fee. Wit a ten percent bonus 
 If the job is complete within one day. 
 (Tray's woman complains) 
 Phone: Ay, yo Tray listen. I gotta bounce, listen Tray. 
 I gotta bounce, my phone might be tapped, 
 You know my code, get back to me wit an 
 Update. 
 Tray Lee: Word up, this serious business right here. 
 Glad y'all could make it. 
 (Voices of approval from the Reepz) 
 Verse One: 
 TL:My niggaz, check this shit out, I just got off the phone 
 Wit Goose, he want the crew to put a hit out. 
 Reepz:On who? 
 TL:The industry and yo, it sounds legit, equipped, wit 
 Infra-red and twenty mil to split. But first we need 
 A game plan that fits, ski masks, Tecs nigga wit 
 Unlimited clips. Bulletproof vests, no let ups, lets 
 Rock son undebted, so boys I'll be the decoy, the 
 First one to set it. 
 Reepz 1:Since Tray's the first one to set it, he can 
 Walk past the guards unprotected, set up 
 Shop, for the rest of us to wreck shit. 
 Meanwhile, I'll lace the basement with 
 Basement placement of explosives. I see 
 Four guards where the entourage started, 
 Just pinpoint the target, so we can get 
 Started. 
 Reepz 2:Yo nigga, I'm all for it, map it, we can score 
 It, I need three guns, and a soldier to stand 
 By the door wit. No bullshit, I loaded up my 
 Lyrics and two shotties in the barn from pop 
 Taped to my body. I'm bustin' shots like it 
 Don't make sense, gettin' rid of all witnesses 
 And evidence. 
 Reepz 3:I'm bout to shut it down, I need a round and a 
 Card, change of gear, arsenal status, the Ramada. 
 Forties, fakes, takin' up space, reals get nada. 
 Time to make it sicker than Italian Jim Carter. 
 TL:No doubt, I see we on the same page, shit is proper, 
 So the operation starts in eighteen hundred hours. 
 Bridge One: 
 (Phone Rings) 
 TL:Yo goose this is Tray. 
 Phone:Yeah, what's my update? 
 TL:The Reepz will be joining me in this operation, 
 Operation starts at six p.m., I expect results 
 Three hours from that time. Next time we speak, 
 Mission will be accomplished, and I expect cash 
 Upon execution. 
 Verse Two: 
 TL:Let's run it down, 
 Firearms 
 R:Check 
 TL:Hollow Tips 
 R:Check 
 TL:Leather gloves and bombs pasting all the exits 
 R:Check 
 TL:ID strap with the PV in the back 
 R:Check, Check 
 TL:Let's set it off and put the plan into effect. 
 Made a call and said, I begin to think wit all the 
 Bosses. While I got this guys occupied, Borne, 
 Run up in they office. 
 The four RNF files and shit like that, and take, 
 Anything that says they got us under contract. 
 Since niggas are wired, this how it go, when you 
 Hear me make a move to leave the room, then 
 That's the signal. 
 R1:Now that we have the instructions, and the 
 Blueprints have been structured, it's time to do it. 
 AV, chick, you set bombs, to defuse it, if they 
 Got confused wit, the plan just use it. Take no 
 Prisoners, give no remorse. Tray Lee kissed his 
 Cross and was off. 
 Bridge Two: 
 TL:Gentleman, so glad you could make it here this 
 Evening. 
 Businessmen of the Industry:This better be good. 
 TL:The purpose, of this meeting here tonight, is so 
 That we can combine all our entities, and make 
 One big music conglomerate. 
 BOTI:What?! What the hell are you talkin' about?! 
 TL:Now, now, now. Before you act to hasty, just hear 
 Me out here. You're not being reasonable, you're 
 Not being... I'll tell you what... 
 BOTI:Who the hell do you think you are?! 
 TL:I'm gonna step out for a second... 
 BOTI:You got a lotta mamushkas comin' in my 
 Fuckin' office... 
 TL:Give you gentlemen time to ponder on the idea, 
 And I'll be back for a decision. 
 BOTI:Conglomerate... Johnny, you follow that son of 
 A bitch, I don't trust him one fuckin' bit. 
 Verse Three: 
 TL:Yo, that's the cue let's make it happen. 
 Walkie-Talkie:Tray walk towards the bathroom. 
 TL:What's the deal? 
 WT:Being followed. 
 TL: Oh, you spot'em? 
 WT:Yeah, I got'em. 
 (Gunshot, and sound of pain) 
 TL:Good lookin' out. 
 R2:Yeah, no doubt, let's keep it movin', they heard 
 The shots comin' in, pullin' out. Let's sweat 
 The scene like Colin Ferguson, I got the 
 Documents, but if this nigga's dead, why the 
 Fuck I'm hearin' shots? 
 R3:Busted out the exit, on some vexed shit, man, 
 Bullets sprayed I caught one in the shoulder 
 Blade. I cocked the shot, he pulled the trigger 
 Bust my lyrics, had they heads bopped, mad 
 Niggaz in the hall droppin'. Around the corner 
 More niggaz tried to dead me, but they got 
 Tooken' out, my raw style is too deadly. 
 TL:So what you need, yo clip empty? 
 R3:I got my designee wit one magazine plus a 
 Bullet, that travels into ya. 
 R2:These niggaz is still comin', let's split together 
 What we got and leave this fuckin' scene gunnin'. 
 TL:Word, thieves covered in blood, it's on son, no 
 Question, no time for hesitatin', fuck the 
 Second guessin'. Merely suggestin', the we 
 Leave these niggaz restin', so open up and 
 Watch talons explode in they chest and, look 
 Out Borne... 
 (Gunshots) 
 TL:Yo, that's two down, ha, now that's a few now, 
 I'm killin' all foes. Time to reload... 
 R2:Okay, I am noted, it ain't a murder till 
 She wrote it, kill or be killed, we got no other 
 Plans to go... 
 R3:Yeah, fuck a forfeit, I'ma put this fuckin' burn 
 Through they sternum and some more shit. 
 R2:Time to make moves, shots is ringin', leave 
 Nobody standin', to see the courtroom and 
 Start singin'. Clip is almost empty, blood 
 Drippin' down my chest, I got, two on scope 
 Tray and Wall take out the rest. 
 (Gunshots) 
 TL:Yeah, got one. 
 WT:Get outta there, Get outta there... 
 TL:But I'm not done... 
 (Gunshot) 
 TL:Oh shit! I've been shot, son. 
 Hit in the shin, it's hard for a nigga to run. 
 If I'm slowin' up, don't stop see, y'all niggaz 
 Jet without me. 
 R1:Look what this shit created, we almost out 
 Barely makin' it, bullets sprayed straight 
 Through Tray's leg, almost amputated it. 
 Me and Fee was hit, half empty clips with 
 Intent to kill, and until the end, so we ain't 
 Tryin' to quit, but stakes is high, so yo pie 
 Get us outta this. 
 WT:Yo, it's obvious, hey I'm tired of this shit, 
 Now y'all niggaz hurry up, 'cause these 
 Niggaz ain't surrenderin 
 , leave the 
 Premises 'cause I'm about to blow the building. 
 Bridge Three: 
 (Gunshots) 
 (Retalitory Gunshots) 
 (More Gunshots) 
 (More Retalitory Gunshots) 
 (Sounds of pain) 
 (Large Gunshots) 
 Verse Four: 
 R1:Shots heard was the code to detinate and 
 Take more souls, my crew rock and tell 
 From the bullets and it goes, once you, 
 Hire Professionals, shit explodes, you 
 Can tell by the damage that we do it shows. 
 RNF be the clique stand for Real Nigga 
 Flows, death becomes to all those, who 
 Pose as foes. When you hire professionals 
 You know how it goes... 
 TL:So RNF push the button, send niggaz to the 
 Crossroads. 
 Voice:T minus five 
 Four 
 Three 
 Two 
 One... 
 (Explosion)