Killa! 
 Dipset, shallowmain 
 Jim jones, santana, freaky 
 Lets go! what they want sing 
 (Chorus (mona lisa)) 
 Girls just wanna have fun 
 (Oh girls) 
 Girls just wanna have fun 
 (Girls juss wanna have) 
 Damn chump pass, he a dumb ass 
 Call J.R. (why?) get a fun pass 
 Yeah she come fast, so she leave quicker 
 'Cause she cum fast then skeet skeet nigga (to the wall) 
 We be wit her, me, jim. zee, kidder 
 Then she wit flea flicker, don gg get her 
 P.e wit her, wee wee, eazy, ol me, ol g little me lick her 
 So she need liquor never seem sicker, nigga if rap was hash 
 She could beat twista 
 Had her alley to alley, hawai and maui, and cali the valley 
 Up in white lotus dog you might notice 
 That you type bogus me I'm quite focus 
 And hope is hopeless, dissapaer in the air hocus pocus 
 Godamn we stuck like stuck-o 
 Cut low slut know here he come uh oh (uh oh) 
 Man see what the fighting do that's why I'm pipin' boo 
 Ain't even like-a you, I'm exiting true 
 Just right I do, heals high, wheels fly, real fly, nikes are new (air 1's) 
 And a rightous view, from night to noon, day, hey play 
 Catch a flight for two (first class!) and you caught u a baller. baller! 
 Hawker, dog u a stalker! (stalker) 
 Upset 'cause what she was showin, awww man yo you ain't even knowin' 
 Ask questions in fear of hoein 
 Whatz that?, who you wit?, where you at?, where you goin'?, (where you goin') 
 Where you goin', I'm flowin, she blowin', sky high like a boeing 
 Got pies like it snowin 
 Females better twirl on yours, better curl on yours 
 'Cause I swirl off shores (then what) come back to a pearl golf course (who you?) 
 I'm corrupt, cause girls are whores, and the world is yours, honey sip sizurp hurl of course 
 And you know I'm in the buildin mister, wit the olsen twins, or the hilton sisters 
 And I haul 'em in to the hiltons mister 
 I milked them, I killed them, you quilt them, you missed her (missed her) 
 You held her, you kissed her 
 You felt all the blisters, melt on your whiskers