Yo, I hate my boss, dude think he know it all 
 And I know I know it all but I follow protocol 
 Hope to sit in the casket, got me sittin' traffic, it's 7 am 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 And I woke up late, didn't even have a shower 
 Lunch break? Give me a break, a damn half an hour 
 All this bullshit for 12 bucks an hour 
 Plug me to Chuck D, wanna Fight The Powers 
 Instead I light the sour before I go in the office 
 Being here 8 hours sure'll get you nauseous 
 Lady across from me, tellin' me her problems 
 I'm look at her like yo, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 How the fuck I'm gonna solve 'em? you know our ethnicity 
 Car note, rent, don't forget electricity 
 Internet, cable, and the phone all connected 
 Food, gas, tolls oh, now it's gettin' hectic 
 Brand new clothes? Now you'd rather see me naked 
 Yo check it, I got my check, now I'm feel disrespected 
 Why am I workin' here? It ain't workin' here 
 It ain't worth it here, never gonna persevere 
 Ain't no money for new shoes or purses here 
 Should've done my first career, huh, nursin', yeah 
 Now I'm sittin' here thinkin' 'bout the work I put in 
 This verse from the everyday workin' woman 
 I put on my pants, put on my shoes 
 I pray to God, paid all my dues 
 I'm tryin' to win, seems like I was born to lose 
 All I can say, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 I say let me through, but they don't let me through 
 You wanna quit? Goddamn I'm ready to 
 Lifestyle I'm livin', ain't steady, boo 
 All I can say, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Ayo, I'm lookin' for a job, ain't nobody hirin' 
 Then I ask the boss, "When y'all doin' firin'?" 
 You know I'm admirin' nice job, family man 
 Car and lookin' in his walk as a tyrant 
 Shoulda been a fireman, learn to do wirin' 
 Then you get retirement, I blame my environment 
 I'm on a interview, for delivery 
 Locked up, felonies? Now the dude quizzin' me 
 Workin' on my future, why you need to know my history? 
 All he did was Google me, no big mystery 
 He ain't diggin' me, politely he was dissin' me 
 "No we're not hirin', but thanks for the visit please" 
 He ain't want me, my grandmother warned me 
 Them goddamn felonies will haunt me, taunt me 
 No second chance, back to the same block 
 Go home, my baby mom done changed locks 
 This a game, ma? Okay the game's over 
 Then she opened the door with the chain on 
 Said she been reachin' out for several days 
 I ain't helpin' out, we need to go our separate ways 
 I was just amazed, wanna go another route? 
 Let me get my clothes, said she took them to my mother's house 
 She was pissed off, yeah P O 'ed 
 And said, "Go 'head and wyle out, I'll call your P O" 
 I put on my pants, put on my shoes 
 I pray to God, paid all my dues 
 I'm tryin' to win, seem like I was born to lose 
 All I can say, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 I say let me through, but they don't let me through 
 You wanna quit? Goddamn I'm ready to 
 Lifestyle I'm livin', ain't steady, boo 
 All I can say, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah