I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 (Hell Rell: HOOK) 
 We... be on the block ass niggaz I ain't got no time for these jamie foxx ass niggaz... that's why 
 I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 (Hell Rell) 
 Now the boat's on cruise, the scope's on you 
 Damn right cocksucker the joke's on you 
 I'm laughing all the way to the bank 
 Plus I'm blasting all the way till it stank... GUNPOWDER! 
 Bust a brick open powder the scale 
 If you was in Clinton with me you wouldn't come out of ya cell 
 I'd have you scared to go get dressed, scared to go to the yard 
 You might as well be a good brother, go to the Mosque 
 Fucking with me? It's off with ya arms 
 You'd rather spit on the Qu'Ran, in front of Saddam 
 You'd rather rape ya little sister in front of ya mom's 
 Flex it's Dipset baby, drop hundreds of bombs! 
 You dealing with dealers that's dealing with the hand that they dealt 
 I'm gripping my strap, always got my hand in my belt 
 Can't take faggots, I can kill him and his man by myself 
 'Cause they pussy and I know it and they know it theyself! 
 (Hell Rell: HOOK) 
 My cocaine come on the boat nigga 
 I read ya life story and it go with the joke... that's why 
 I AIN'T LAUGHING WITH YOU, CAUSE I'M LAUGHING AT YOU (you funny niggaaaa!) 
 I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 We... be on the block ass niggaz 
 I ain't got no time for these jamie foxx ass niggaz... that's why 
 I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 I ain't laughing with you, 'cause I'm laughing at you 
 (Cam'Ron) 
 Killa! 
 Mr. Giles with Mr. Mohammed (what up Rell!) 
 Chocolate Maybach with Baurties (rims), these bitches could vomit, like... 
 To cop the thirst from meeee, give me the third degreeeee 
 My third grade teacher, peep her... she want to work for me! (haha!) 
 I ain't graduate, I ain't make the honor roll (nope) 
 Failed gym, the Dean said I'm walking on a violent stroll (how's that?) 
 Spit on Art teachers, fighting every talent show 
 Fuck the Principal, it's the principle... SILENCE YO! 
 In the jam sport the Calicoooo 
 Fuck with Cam? Thought about it bro, fuck a smart Alec ho! 
 Here's ya lesson... fuck school, cop a pound 
 In the States spot a town, grams triple, lock it down 
 Oh, you got it now? Wanna get it popping now? (now?) 
 Well be careful on the Hill, they could spot a clown 
 They'll take ya money and ya work while they clapping at ya 
 You'll be running down the hill while they laughing at ya 
 (Hell Rell) 
 Your rap book is a whole bunch of riddles that you scribble 
 Your not a baller you can't dribble, and ya middle name is little... COWARD! 
 Little nigga, little house, little rocks 
 Pull up on ya little block, hop out with my little glock 
 Make it pop, my whole clip fill it in ya spine 
 Before that make you say DIPSET a hundred million times 
 Let me see some old Soundscan, what did Bleek sell? 
 Teiarra Marie... what that little freak sell? 
 All them niggaz went wood and I'm laughing at them 
 Got my wrist in the air throwing karats at them 
 These niggaz is dumb, I pre-school teach them 
 Plus I'm... stingy with rhymes, I tea-spoon feed them 
 We the braggers and the boasters, our ratchet's in the holsters 
 Now we pull 'em out faggot, target practice with ya posters (bang bang!) 
 God damn he's a stand up comedian 
 Hell Rell with a stand up TV rim