Killa! Jones! Freaky! Santana! Come on! 
 Shake, shake, shake (uh!) 
 Shake, shake, shake (Uh!) 
 Shake, shake, shake (uh!) 
 (Verse 1: Cam'Ron) 
 Yo, who wanna mess with me 
 Or could with me 
 I'll be a mess to clean, call me Mr. Clean 
 Way I glitz and gleam 
 Trigger teams, click the beam 
 Hit the fiend, give 'em lean 
 Clickin like I'm Nicotine 
 But it's all for the green like Listerine 
 Had to dis the queen, thinkin' Imma get her jeans 
 I ain't Genuwine, ma my missions mean 
 Or my nigga Dean, fix the fix, get the cream 
 I sit in Bahamas, with Alyssa Milana 
 Got the Crys and the ganja 
 And its gettin' her calmer, calm her 
 Now she cryin she missin' her mama 
 Jus a step is off to me now I'm hittin Madonna 
 As she twistin', I fond her 
 As we sit in the sauna 
 Guess its jus' my persona 
 Got her kissin' the condom 
 We're the Dip, so cut the shit 
 Ma twist your hips and lick your lips 
 We're the Dip, so cut the shit 
 Ma twist your hips and lick your lips 
 (Bridge - Cam'Ron) 
 Ma you straight frontin', let's get the date jumpin' 
 See your booty panties, ma shake something 
 Shake something, shake something 
 Shake-shake, shake shake something 
 (Verse 2 - Cam'Ron) 
 And I got some girls, bout five or six 
 And a five and six, about five or six 
 I surprise the chick, that's when her eyes get lit 
 Let her drive the whip, see if she ride a stick 
 Who as live as this? My pool size is sick (sick) 
 But swim in my pants and dive for dick 
 They call me Moby, my pos-i-tive 
 Tell them free Willy if your thigs are thick 
 And your ass if fat and your head is right 
 And your dough is good, we can smash tonight 
 Right here in the car, ma, at the light 
 If you ask for cash, oh I'm mad for life 
 Kiss ass, you dyke, and I'm fast to fight 
 If you get mad, (??) grab a bite (what?) 
 Or I stab it light and we'll grab a bite 
 Is it crab you like? Lobster appetite 
 (Verse 3 - JR Writer) 
 In front of the club, drops, coups and trucks 
 I'ma front in the club with a hundreds of studs 
 A gun and some bud through the metal detector 
 The metal detect ya, settle and wet 'cha 
 I don't mettle with extra, you fakes and clowns 
 I walk in and get out of the club safe and sound 
 Silencer, dog, how safe it sound? 
 I got apes and hounds, he just pace around 
 And I'll lace you down, but I'm lookin' for 
 A Manahttan ho or a Brooklyn whore 
 A Bronx biatch that'll let me look and explore 
 Up front but beat around the bush for sure 
 Till the tush is sore, hit it doggy style 
 Get it doggy style, you know you doin' your style 
 I'ma mack or more and it's smash or more 
 A VIP up between the bathroom stalls