(Cam'ron talking) 
 Dipset! Killa, in the building, want to welcome y'all back. 
 Diplomatic Imunnity 2. 
 You know a lot of shit been going on, a lot of niggas in Harlem running around snitching, but I'll holla. 
 Ya know what I mean... wit all that being said I want to give a shout out to all partners, Koch Records, Roc-A-Fella Records. 
 And my mutherfucking niggas down in sizzurp. Know we done smashed the whole muthafucking liquor game... I'll holla. 
 Dipset all day long, go get Jim Jones album in stores now. Freaky Zeeky hold ya head you already know what it is. Sarge hold ya head, 
 Purple Haze will be out this December 7th. Sorry for the delay, but it's business never personal. New people, new money, I had to get that check. So wit that being said, the team looking right and look like we ready to go. 
 It's all solidified. 
 Jim Jones, Rider of Riders, Santana, Human crack in the flesh. 
 My nigga Hell Rell is home. I just brought my niggas S.A.S over from London, 40 cal, Jha Jha what up ma. 
 I got Miami in the house and the Writer of Writers, J.R 
 [J.R Writer] {Cam Still Talking} 
 This is how we roll (roll) 
 {We about to set this shit off} 
 This is how we flow (flow) 
 {Killa} 
 Can they stop us no 
 Dipset stop and go 
 {Here we go Vol. 2} 
 Whoa (whoa), no (no), we don't stop we go! 
 Leave you like good-bye, Au revoir, Adios 
 This is how we roll (roll) 
 This is how we flow (flow) 
 Can they stop us no 
 Dipset stop and go 
 Whoa (whoa), no (no) we don't stop we go! 
 Leave you like good-bye, Au revoir, Adios 
 Yo, I'm just miraculous, accurate, that's the half of it. 
 The master, just so I can laugh at it show you just how a savage get. 
 (Talking) 
 Let's get this shit started, (uh), J.R Writer I'm in the building 
 Yo, yo, yo, From the baggage to baggages 
 Shook them baggages, had 'em lit 
 To me passing' them half a bricks 
 Out the back of the Aqua whip (whoo) 
 (Talking) 
 Uh, I'm just getting warmed up, lets warm up, I'm still in my warm up suit y'all 
 Yo, that's how I had it locked 
 Through the bags on the baddest block 
 Newest Jag when I pass the cops 
 Who's as bad as a savage, ock (ock) 
 You niggas brag a lot, talking 'bout you brought raw 
 You see a ball hog, you ain't ever pass the rock 
 I still dip and dab, stick my hand in bigger bags 
 Link a gram or give 'em slabs, trips wit tans in gypsy cabs (out of town) 
 I be badder than Krueger, speeding rapid confuse ya 
 Keys back in from Cuba, Tea bags for the user 
 Relax you're a loser, ease back or get fuller 
 These cats out the tula, Leaning back in Madulla 
 V's matching my mula, sleeves actually cooler 
 Wrists look like I been playing freeze tag wit the jeweler (whoa) 
 So I'm extra good, running through this reckless hood 
 I floor, slide off, never would these hefers could 
 Till they seen me stun harder than I ever should 
 Now woody ain't the only bird pecking wood 
 Yo, it's a miracle snakes, how I skip through the states 
 And the crispiest Apes, all my whips up to date 
 See this pistol and 8, It'll sit you in space 
 You won't be able to sleep once I get you a wake 
 That's a funeral holla, get a funeral, holla 
 Necessary you'll get pretty at the funeral parlor 
 Roses, Dandelions, send a few to your father 
 We maneuver for dollars, in the newest impalas 
 Listen beat it I'm hot, every season I rock 
 Chinchilla filler leave you Niggaz to freeze on ya block 
 We don't believe that you pac, I'll put this eagle to pop 
 You'd rather cop the plea and go plead to the cops 
 And say shit like J, I don't need to be locked 
 The year, the week or a day, yeah I got a seed on the way 
 (Talking) 
 What? Stop crying, lets keep it moving 
 Sissy I'll let a rattle clap, 60 up in this bastard's cap 
 Dig me I'm what you rappers lack, sicker than all your battle raps 
 Slither up in the asta hatch, or watch young move 
 On junk food, Twinkies sit on the Cadillac 
 Shit I go glock for glock, lets see you dodge a shot 
 I get the hotties hot, just off my rocky rocks 
 Then make the goggles drop 
 Tyra Banks find the top models, shit I'm lookin' for the models top 
 Dipset! 
 Y'all niggas is feeble born, fiends I keep the heaters on 
 You get the easle drawn getting ya legal on 
 Chico glock cocked, pop goes the weasel's gone 
 Desert on my waist, I get my eagle on 
 Padico, e-hola, lethal lethal, ya peoples on 
 Donde viva, la vida loca, pop up like measles on em 
 Triple X sex, yes that Vin Diesel form 
 Send ten winds, we like the black beatles tour 
 I pick up the tools, lick up and hiccup you fools 
 We bitter and blicker wit blickers nigga you'll sit in the pool (not water) 
 Agua nada, you figure that my figures are cool 
 Change my clothes for what, I'll switch up my jewels 
 Y'all sing sing sing, I'm from the sing sing bing 
 Right to the wing ding bing, onto the spring bling fling (oww) 
 Now its round one done, ding ding ding 
 Cash ching ching ching, call me the bling bling king 
 And I get fresh, shit yes, wrist blessed 
 Neclace, reckless, look like a piss test (all yellow) 
 (Talking) 
 What the fuck else I got to say (nothing). God damn 'B', I'm that nigga, Killa!