G.O.D! 
 I'm scared of y'all I'm scared of y'all I'm scared of y'all... (quiet) 
 Yo, y'all little girls singin' a song hoes sing 
 Y'all need lower back tattos, toe rings 
 Eye brows arched, belly pierced the whole thing 
 Who, oh-no, low blows, to the coke king 
 I sold blow some thug things, I'm a slinger 
 I run a drug ring can't put it on yah finger 
 I wasn't born a singer, but let the storm just linger 
 I'm the muslim from new york, I'm mortis stringer 
 Off ice, but on ice, the money chill 
 Dummi pay attention, fiends still got the funny pills 
 I'm vest glocked up, yah chest I red dot up 
 You can taste it, test it, strech it I got the best product baby 
 I'm a hustler used skills god done gave me 
 Know them cop cars you can un mark-em baby 
 Bills they mark-em crazy, keep yah guard up lazy 
 Had run ins with the atf, marks, and navy 
 Man I might just quit you know the cycles sick? 
 When they go to court to snitch, on michael vick? 
 I'm scared of y'all, I'm scared of y'all, I'm scared of y'all 
 Ay yo! some lean, when I land the lar 
 A 100 grand handed here 
 Crystal pets dogs, cats, panda bears 
 Liqour, came up here reflection off the chandaler 
 But baby while we're standin here 
 Let's go another rant a year 
 Said cam thts the ocean and the sand right there? 
 I looked at her and nodded like, you damn right there 
 Mah you drunk too much, yah drink here and here 
 I love the public but I don't need the fan fare 
 I read the fan mail it help me hustle when I'm tryna make this damn mail 
 Or even pay my man bail 
 I'm jack and jill kept the water in the tan pail 
 Fuck school told my teacher that I can't fail 
 Cops in the club sippin on champell, can't tell 
 Wire on tapein on the hand held 
 Before you cross the street you need your hand held 
 Before you get hit, I spit sick, whip dip 
 Man I might just quit you know the cycles sick? 
 When they go to court to snitch, on michael vick? 
 I'm scared of y'all, I'm scared of y'all, I'm scared of y'all 
 Don't get your rifles, my rivals, don't want no rivalry 
 Hand on the bible baby boy, I ain't yah idol b? 
 You don't idol me? shit why you listenin? 
 No rims o.t I'm ridin' on the michelin 
 I'm tryna get them dividends, a 100,000 kid a spend 
 If the edition is new? Michael Biv and them 
 I might get rid of them the site I might revist in 
 Pets as my neighbors, I'm a lower body citizen 
 Shit, I wish the lord could fin my prison friends 
 To fly to comply, we was on a mission then 
 Vision girls use to call us the kitchen men 
 'Cause we was cookin more then them whip it whip it in 
 Let the shit begin, we get it how we ship it in, 
 The shipment, that they shippin, sittin', right there on the ship, my friend 
 Baby boy that's when you coppin coke, alot to rope 
 I'm a city slicker, that can knock a boat 
 Man I might just quit you know the cycles sick? 
 When they go to court to snitch, on michael vick? 
 I'm scared of y'all, I'm scared of y'all, I'm scared of y'all