Killa, dipset, lil weezy, cash money, 
 Yo ma, let me holla, let's do this uh, 
 Ma, I been huggin the block (huggin the block) 
 That's right, hustling rocks (hustling rocks) 
 I know I been puffin a lot, 
 But I need to know ma, you gone touch it or not. 
 My drink hard as a rubber rubber 
 You know what, tell that shit to anotha sucka 
 I ain't no sucka mama, com'mon, F the drama 
 Pat, kiss it then, lil puckerama 
 I'm so active, you bein so draftive 
 Got something for your face, not proactive 
 Imma pro at this, round the globe atlas 
 But I need to know ma, u gone touch it or not 
 Baby girl I'm in luv wit ya spot 
 Missionary back shots top it off; pop it off (pop it off) 
 I tell ya right now if my **** is soft (what) 
 Hey before and after, top it off 
 Come here ma, show ya how to rock a boss 
 Lick, suck, kiss, kiss, stop, cough, 
 Hop on, hop off, lollypop cough 
 I know its right but here comes the hot sauce. (killah!) 
 Looking light skin, mommy wit tight slims, 
 Big butt, big breasts, I noticed that nice chin, (sturdy chin) 
 I approached her, slight rim, white tins, 
 Number you can type in, sexy on lightment 
 Ill just ask, ma, if we link we link, 
 You don't like nuttin, me nether, what a coinidink (what a coincidence) 
 Miss jiggy, my piggy, pinky ming, pinky ring blingin (ooh) 
 You gone touch it or not? 
 I ain't the type to diss you, kinda like the issue. 
 That's the situation, bring wifey wit you. (Bring her) 
 Would you like a tissue, or a wet wipe? 
 Either one baby girl, 'cause ya touchin my spot 
 It's not a question now, it's a guarantee, 
 They think I think I'm the shit, well apparently 
 But you won't hear words like marry me (what, marry me?) 
 The only thing you gone hear is touch it or not! 
 (Lil Wayne) 
 I get head in the strangest places 
 Some nut same time, call it changin' faces 
 I tell the b!tch we ain't tradin places, So stand back and catch 
 My amazing graces 
 Taste ya savor it, vanilla icecream she say oh my favorite 
 Do you know who you playin' wit? 
 Wayne, chillin' like a scacrow, lookin' for some brain 
 Drivin' in the range uh, flyin' on the brain her head is crazy so she's insane 
 She know the game get in and get right 
 Every bitch in the industry wanna rock my mic 
 I'm hot like light, I'm tough like Ike I don't F wit dog hoes 'cause them hoes might bite 
 Yeah, and then she follows and in the back of my mind I hopin' she swallows