(Feat. Juelz Santana) 
 People lieeee I don't know why 
 And then they dieeee and mothers cry 
 And I can't fiiiind my alibiii it's so so fly... it's dipset dipset! 
 (Cam'Ron:) What up Ja 
 (Lil Ja:) What up? 
 (Cam:) What's the deal? 
 (Lil Ja:) Nothing... Cam you can't be feeding niggaz 
 (Cam:) Why not? 
 (Lil Ja:) 'Cause they don't appreciate shit... 
 I guess they gon learn when they get in they car, start it up and BOOM! 
 (Verse 1: Cam'Ron) 
 Killa! yo! 
 I'm official nice (nice), y'all niggaz Fisher Price (price) 
 Fuck "trout" you bout... let's "fish for ice"! 
 This a risk that's light, get it right the vicious price ($50,000) 
 Plus my kicks are Nike... this what the bitches like 
 Like ya bitch and wife, and sister might get tonight 
 Mister right, kissed her right... make sure that her lips get white 
 She don't suck nothing, buzzen but she lick it nice 
 She a hummer, nah plumber she can "twist the pipe" 
 When I was fifteen, BANG BANG, I call my moms... 
 Cell, she snorting long... that don't even correspond 
 All the Ganj, all is gone... just came from Autobon 
 Came back with the foreign palm... I'LL HOLLAAAA! 
 Shit... before I go berserk, jerk when I sold it hurt 
 Eurth told me go to school... nah bitch go to work 
 And gave the coldest smirk, right after she stole my work 
 (Where you going with my shit?!?!) 
 And the nerve to hold her purse... I'LL HOLLAAAA! 
 (Juelz:) WE MAKE CHANGE-YAY... 
 We slang yay... 
 It sound like merengue like ay ay ay ay! 
 (Cam'Ron:) AND WE CRAZY HOLMES... 
 .380 holmes... 
 To ya baby's dome... bang bang bang bang boom! 
 (Juelz:) AND WE BOMB LIKE "LA BOMBA" WITH BOMBERS SEND BOMBERS TO BOMB YA WITH BOMBS 
 And they bomb ya 
 (Cam'Ron:) AND THE LADIES, THEY LAY ME, THEY CRAZY 
 They love me, they hate me, like... ay ay ay ay! 
 (Verse 2: Cam'Ron) 
 Ok... here go the rundown, niggaz gonna run down, tell you put ya gun down 
 Puff puff puff, shutdown, uptown, in the house, hollaback, going around, done clown 
 I'ma do this fast or slow when I rap or when I bag a O 
 When I wrap that... pass that, catch that, fast that... motherfuckers had to know! 
 OH OH!...I'm about that cornbread, believe me I'm beyond dead 
 I do this for blood sheed, do it for Bloodshed, Derrick Michael Armstead 
 Me and him soul to soul, if you bowl ya fold, better slow ya role 
 Before ya role get popped and them hoes is hot from pole to pole! (WOO!) 
 Lemme slow it up (why?), so y'all can cope in touch 
 I'm heroine and sex in one... dope as fuck 
 I'm hoping I'm roping the trojan 
 And go in the hole and open it up... if not dog I'm choking the slut 
 Am I poking or what? You got to figure dog 
 The game in a chicken wing, stupid "figure four" 
 I'm that nigga y'all... I just ball, best dressed, dress fresh, oh yes YES Y'ALL!