[Jay-Z] Turn the motherfucking music up 
 [Cam'Ron] Just Blaze, man. You owe me nigga 
 [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Welcome to the Empire State. 
 Home of the World Trade. Birthplace of Michael Jordan. 
 Home of Biggie Smalls. Roc-A-Fella headquarters. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, Killa Cam, Young Hov is definitely in the building 
 Brooklyn, Harlem World 
 (Welcome to New York City, welcome to New York City) 
 Stand the fuck up! 
 (Jay-Z) 
 I'm a B.K. brawler 
 Marcy projects hallway loiterer 
 Pure coke copper, get your order up 
 I bring 'em to Baltimore in the Ford Explorer 
 But it's gonna cost you more if I gotta get 'em to Florida 
 Rucker game attender; with the bent parked 
 On the sidewalk with temp plates on the fender 
 I ain't hard to find you catch me front and center 
 At the Knick game, big chain and all my splender 
 Next to Spike if you pan left to right 
 I own Madison Square, catch me at the fight 
 With Cam, once again if you pan left the device 
 It be the man that write checks with the hand that don't write 
 I go off the head when I'm rambling on the mic 
 And I go off the feds when I'm srambling at night 
 And it was, off the set I brought hammers to the fight 
 But we from New York City, right Cam? (Cam: Ya damn right) 
 (Chorus: Juelz Santana) 
 It's the home of 9-11, the place of the lost towers 
 We still banging, we never lost power, tell em 
 Welcome to New York City, welcome to New York City 
 Y'all fuckin' with BK's banger and Harlem's own gangster 
 Now that's danger, there's nothing left to say but 
 Welcome to New York City, welcome to New York City 
 (Cam'Ron) 
 Yo. 
 There's a war going on outside no man is safe from 
 It don't matter if you three feet or eight-one 
 You'll get eight from the nine-m, straight "blum"! 
 Wig split, melon cracked, all that on day one 
 Carry eight guns, two in the trunk 
 Two on the waist, two in the ankle, two to just spank you 
 You get jammed with them jammers, blam with them blammers 
 Hot here, ask Mase he ran to Atlanta 
 You think we know what life do, Mink on the motor-cycle 
 Trinkets they so delightful, blinging is so much ice boo 
 In front of sparks, body Castellano 
 Block away watched by Gotti and Gravano 
 It's "La Costa Nostra", someone close approach ya 
 They'll toast ya gopher, bread loaf your chauffeur 
 Old coke they raise up and snort, blaze up ya fort 
 Jay, Puff, Shyne, cases was caught 
 Midnight pit fights, they love a victim 
 Watch him fore he watch you, Killa 
 (Cam'Ron) 
 I'm from 101, west a Hun' fortieth, this shit is live 
 Fifth-floor, fifty-six, you know the zip, district five 
 You're on 22nd, yet you from two-one 
 That's on Lennox, 7th ave was news one 
 (Jay-Z) 
 Courage I synastry 
 Got (lawyer name?) defending me 
 Cause New York'll miss me if I'm locked in the penitentary 
 The judge said "Is this that thug, from the kit kat club?" 
 But I got enough chips stacked up to make a bitch to back up 
 (Cam'Ron) 
 Killa, I pinch that bud, I grip that snub to hit that thug 
 Lay up in a pitch black tub, 
 You lookin' at rich black thugs that get that love 
 And it won't stop till I get back Blood 
 Holla at 'em Hov 
 (Jay-Z) 
 I'm from Flushing, Marcy, Nostrand, Myrtle and Park 
 Niggas'll drive by in the day, murder you in the dark 
 That's why the Johnny gun I'm holding 
 Wet niggas up like the johnny-pump is open 
 Homie, I play hard 
 (Cam'Ron) Y'all niggas man, y'all can't fuck around man 
 It's the ROC bitch, Killa! My nigga Jigga. Sigel! Beans! 
 Diplomats man, Hoffa! Dash! 
 Get the fuck off our dick - no homo 
 Pause, this is all I wanted to say for 2 minutes man 
 I own this shit right now man, I ain't going nowhere