(Cam'ron) 
 Killa, killa, killa, killa, killa, killa dog, 
 Its killa dog, I'll kill you dog... yo, (check it out now) yo 
 What means the world to you 
 'Cause money mean the world to me 
 I'ma shine for the world to see 
 Pearl the V 
 Twirl the key 
 Cock back, kick back and twirl the weed 
 (Ma) Wanna roll wit a top gun 
 Hot one, done pop one, scrub not one 
 Wanna ride shotgun, wanna shoot shotguns 
 And I got hot one's 
 But I wanna chick that'll hop up on a stick 
 Wit a porno flick (huh) 
 Make sure my comes go on a lick 
 More to sip but screw that 
 Where my thugs with the hollow tips 
 Girls that acknowledge it 
 Polish it after that swallow it 
 Stand by baby where you at huh? 
 Raise ya hand high 
 You don't suck what? that's a damn lie 
 Got red rye, my man ride, my fam tight 
 So I need a real chick 
 Someone to keep it real wit 
 Someone to rob and steal wit 
 Someone to share my meal wit 
 It's that there look wit you 
 And be out for your revenue 
 Then even at you and she'll be blessin' you 
 Caressin' you startin' that mess wit you 
 But you always good for now and plus no friends around 
 So girl do sumpin' lift up that dress for now 
 Well give me some points for now talk to me, ma 
 Hook: Cam'ron and female 
 What means the world to you? 
 ...My money, my dough, my hoes, my clothes (ho!) 
 What means the world to you? 
 ...My money, my dough, my hair, my nails (oww!) 
 What means the world to you? 
 ...Some sex, some mex, and a little bit of head right (ho!) 
 What means the world to you? 
 ...Sex is sweet wit a cat who eat (oww!) 
 What means the world to you? 
 ...Lots of G's, shopping sprees (ho!) 
 What means the world to you? 
 ...Diamond rings, shinin' things (oww!) 
 What means the world world to you? 
 ...Ladies (ho!) fellas (oww!) 
 Ho, oww, ho, oww, ho, oww, ho, oww 
 My cousin Tandelese see the girl type awnery 
 But her girlfriend was real real real fond of me 
 But the girl put her on to me and I'm like why (why, man?) 
 I mean come through wit her she drivin' that a Lumina 
 I'm not even thinkin' bout screwin' her 
 Let alone pursuin' her 
 I got a gurl she like, "what that got to do wit her?" 
 Get through wit her, mess around my girl come down 
 And put two in her 
 But I'm in a heavy case like the type that Pepsi make 
 Who says I fake, got pies like Betty bake 
 Top balla in every state 
 In Chi, I'm Mike 
 Boston, I'm Kenny 
 In Miami, I'm Timmy and Phoenix, I'm Penny... damn 
 In Harlem I'm semi-auto or so 
 What the hell you want 
 Got sons, guns, run run 
 Make them run run skate take one 
 From young one's dumb dumbs 
 Hit wit the dumb dumbs, hit wit the stun gun 
 Oh damn young hon, where the girl come from 
 And I wanna meet her, can I greet her 
 Yo get in my bed for now 
 She said, hold on my spine on rest for now 
 Well give me some points for now talk to me ma 
 (Female) 
 Ladies say (oww!) scream it out, speak it out 
 It's that time of the month and you leakin out say oww 
 Shit y'all know I'm down for the hoes (oww!), down for the dough (oww!) 
 Down for a little lay dick on the low (oww!), y'all know 
 It's that cream o' chick that'll heat a chick (oww!) 
 Squeeze the clip (oww!) go home and get freaked again (oww!) 
 Y'all know I like that sex wit the right cat (oww!) 
 Rings make them ice that (oww!) 
 (Cam'ron) 
 Yo now hold up mama 
 I don't want you to be no (ho!) 
 I done laid them (ho!), J'd them (ho!) 
 That's right played them hoes 
 (Female) 
 I ain't one of them hoes 
 Why you come wit them hoes 
 When I come for the dough (oww!) 
 Keep 'em under control (oww!)