(Cam'Ron: Intro) 
 Killa! 
 Lemme tell you about my wifey real quick... 
 Had her wifed up... that's what's in and shit ya dig? 
 (Cam'Ron: Verse 1) 
 Yo she took me out my stinkin' aces, to the pinkest bracelet 
 Basics to basics, no way you could think I'm racist 
 Got a white girl, tell you that she's quite thorough 
 Borough to borough, flew me through this white world (from what?) 
 From Columbia, then she moved to Canada 
 Now she live in Harlem, writing, you could say I manage her 
 Met her in '90, jayvel was the damager (????) 
 I wasn't understanding her, that nigga was a fan of her 
 That was confusing her, he was abusing her 
 That wasn't new to her, bought me a Luger brah' 
 Of course of course, never had intercourse 
 Of course of course, without her wouldn't of been a boss 
 I would flip for my mama, got me getting my commas (get it?) 
 Paid for my 1st va-ca, a trip to Bahamas (YES!) 
 Swam in the ocean, I was dishin' pirannas 
 That's my girl girl, yup, so give her some honor 
 Poppa had a dream 
 Poppa had a dream 
 Poppa had a dream 
 Ooh, yes he diiiiiid 
 (Cam'Ron: Verse 2) 
 My pride and joy, I call her butter 
 When she bake a cake, we'll be lovers 
 She live with me right, I hide her from my mother 
 See she wouldn't understand I'm supplyin the gutta 
 I let my baby hang outside with the brothers 
 Come back, cake on the bed the size of the covers 
 Shot 5 with a sucka, another 5 with a trucker 
 Took a hit without paying, won't get a dime for my butter 
 That's my holy ma-momma, second only to 'ganja 
 But I did watch her, played Tony Montana 
 Here's a queeeeeelo, yep she'll be back 
 For them peso's, yep she'll be crack 
 Rocks so bright, money so right 
 I got 7 workers, she's Snow White 
 And you know the steez, I met the ocean breeze 
 Killa Cam hand to hand with Cocoa Leafs 
 AND, and it's... IT'S THEM BOYS 
 We get dough 
 Ask a fiend 
 'Cause they know 
 AND, and... DON'T BE SHY 
 Where to lie 
 Yessiry 
 We get high 
 Fa'sho, dipset... let's ride 
 (Cam'Ron: Verse 3) 
 Killa! 
 McGoo said that the bird's the word 
 But the fur byrd gang flip bird's on curbs 
 And, it's ya homey thunny, I got a pony dummy 
 Phoney's clone me, calm down I'm only money 
 Like Prince Akee, you the servant semi 
 Living Martin's dream as I burn a hemi 
 Not concerned with many, got my girl here 
 When it come to money, shit I'm burning plenty