Killa, Dipset, my nigga, DukeDaGod 
 The movement moves on 
 Got a lotta shit going on 
 You left them bum ass niggaz, Koch right? 
 They I ain't cake together right? Well, fuck 'em 
 We got dipsetmixtapes.com 
 It's lot a money over there B 
 I ain't seeing nuffing, it's all good though 
 Adrian, Karen, I'ma hoffa in a minute 
 You at asylum now, huh? 
 The eight dollars a record is guaranteed, huh? 
 Fuck Alan, gotta worry about fightin' for ya money 
 The money's there, nigga 
 Proud of you nigga, you doing the damn thing 
 Well, you know we doing the damn thing too, huh? 
 Def Jam my partners, holla, Warner Bros my partners, holla 
 Koch, my son, label, holla, they under the armpit, ya dig? 
 Now one thing's for sure, two thing's for certain 
 Hustlers hustle, grinders grind and bitches is bitches 
 Now a lot of niggaz be thinking like Cam be popping mad shit 
 I'm allowed to pop shit 
 I fly G4's, I ride in Lamborghini's and Ferrari's 
 And I ain't even go multi yet, how I get all this shit, huh? 
 I get five million dollars in jewelry 
 'Cause I get money 
 I ain't gotta sell records to get my money 
 I get it how I get it, ya dig? 
 My man Zeke is doing three, they said he ran a ecstasy ring 
 You know what a ecstasy ring is, huh? 
 I don't wanna talk about it 
 My man Sarge is making four million a month 
 That's what the Daily News said, not me 
 What y'all know about 4 million a month? 
 My man Weed, sold got charged with kingpin charges in Buffalo 
 I dunno if he was a kingpin or not 
 I'm just telling you what the Buffalo Times said 
 I'm surrounded by money 
 Now on the way to the top, you might have to slap 
 Some kufis off or step on some bunions 
 But you got to do what you got to do to get where you got to get 
 Right Dash? Right hoffa? Fucking clown niggaz, man 
 Niggaz is clowns B, I guess niggaz is a group now, huh 
 Y'all old ass niggaz y'all, should be The Supremes 
 The Four Tops or something man 
 They can't even control they bitch, man 
 Control ya baby motha, man, god damn B 
 With no further adieu though 
 Dipset, the movement, man 
 DukeDaGod, Killa Cam, I'll hoffa, Killa 
 Lemme write a note, my cats, the type to tote 
 They love me but my connect, ha, he'll slice ya throat 
 He'll tie a rope, throw you off his nicest boat 
 Made him thirty mill when thirty a gram was the price of coke 
 Think my life a joke? I been indicted folks 
 Do I like it? Nope, I'm under a microscope 
 A paid lawyer, word to mother, it's nice to know 
 I been told I got a psychic slash sniper flow 
 (That's dangerous) 
 I'm the shit, shit, I shit should rock a diaper, yo 
 No homos though, a few things I'd like to know 
 (What?) 
 Like who the best, who the worst, who the greatest is? 
 Like who needs some work in the hood, what's the latest at? 
 And we rock foreign cars, spaceship, modern taste 
 Trailer load, lot of thanks, Shabba Ranks 
 Ed Moffa gang, don't forget the Kuffa Gang 
 Who got the bluest chain, two coupes moving lanes? 
 It's the set, baby, disrespect 
 We pull techs live in the flesh, baby 
 Beefing you want it, get deep and I done it 
 I'ma smack you with a C note since you keep it a honey 
 Ha, ha, blood debase, skully, beef and broccoli's 
 Only Manero, you know that could compete with papi 
 That's Jaffe, yeah Jaffe Joe to all, Sloppy Joe 
 Ten for copy, ho 
 Y'all can't live his life, y'all can't live his life 
 Y'all can't live his life, y'all can't live his life 
 Y'all can't live his life, y'all can't live his life 
 Y'all can't live his life, y'all can't live his life 
 I'm in the Zoo 
 Every night B 
 Come through in the white tee, icey 
 But watch wifey, ooh I think she like me 
 I own liquor, fast money can't come finer 
 Me and Jim sold more sizzurp than aunt Jemima 
 Get what we want, Albuquerque to V Mont 
 Chitown, Ohio, back to East Treemont 
 Diddy Bop in frinks, cop a army jacket 
 Back to the crib, get my army ratchet 
 Mac Milly clips, black act silly dick 
 Hat clapped, cat face looking like a Philly split 
 Control the baddest bitties, Strokers to Magic City 
 I'll stroke her, poke her, provoke her, grab her titties 
 Get crucially crucial, hit the Pool Palace 
 112 visions, see my dude Alice 
 DIP, VIP, where we post up 
 Girls going wild, shit put them ropes up 
 Don't act, boo believe me, I'll smack you 
 Now nice girls come on and let the trap through 
 My ice varies, canaries in the raw 
 I got niggaz, shook hands, scary when they form 
 And I be, I be, I be on that kryptonite 
 Mami, mami, her lips are white, ooh she sucking dick tonight 
 Now hit the crew off drama DukeDaGod 
 She want the head like Dahmer, mama stupid hard 
 Y'all can't live his life, y'all can't live his life 
 Y'all can't live his life, y'all can't live his life 
 Y'all can't live his life, y'all can't live his life 
 Y'all can't live his life, y'all can't live his life 
 That's right, ya dig? I'm well respected 
 Not in the city, not in the town, around the world 
 They love me in London, they dig me in Germany 
 They like me in Paris 
 What up Chicago? K-Town, you know what it is? 
 Ohio, Cleveland, Youngstown, Cincinnati 
 Columbus is my playground, holla 
 Y'all can't fuck with this young money, we young and hungry 
 It's Killa Season, the season has begun 
 You're all welcome, y'all all fucking welcome 
 Harlem, 140th, Lennox 
 Yo check this out 
 April 25th the movie, Killa Season 
 May 9th, the album Killa Season 
 The season has began