"We left the people of israel with, one thought... 
 That they are not alone -- the people of new york, 
 People of the united states of America 
 Indeed decent freedom loving people 
 Everywhere stand at their side in this hour of need." 
 (Verse one - red hot lover tone) 
 Cries of wait please wait wiggity wait but kuwait won't wait 
 Desert shield a field full of confused hate 
 Soldiers fight because they're loyal, while tempers boil 
 On u.s. soil, they're screamin no blood for oil 
 Groups of recruits get fitted for troop boots 
 While business suits shoot hoops eatin fruit loops 
 Yo I don't understand the government plan 
 Goin' on holy land, killin' a family man, and 
 Tearing loved ones asunder 
 When things were really sunny, strictly for the money 
 The money... yo money 
 You might reinstate the draft and I'm gettin' bummy 
 So I clear my head by goin' testin testin one two testin 
 And countin' my blessings 
 And pray for the brotherman with an m-60 in his hand, 
 Eatin spam 
 So one more time, testin one two, and ya don't stop 
 That's why we got this war hobbes 
 Yo I only got one thing to say chief 
 Let's bring 'em home safely 
 "The state department's ? ? wants to mediate 
 The iranian president wants to meet with iraq 
 And then maybe the u.s. 
 A middle east expert here in new york has an explanation" 
 (Verse two - rockin' robin) 
 Deep in the middle east, in the belly of the beast 
 We got men and women losin blood for black grease 
 Oil - how could such a thing spoil 
 A whole nation and turn it up into a turmoil 
 Stealths wipin out every man's health 
 Bombers got sisters brothers daddies and lonely mommas 
 Cryin, "oh my son, oh lord help my daughter 
 Calm the ragin seas, please fill the waters" 
 Readin letters under candle, delivered by camel 
 Layin in a dug-out channel's kinda hard to handle 
 So I say a little prayer to my maker in this blood filled place 
 Please bring 'em home safe 
 "Baghdad radio is calling for terrorist actions 
 Against the nations fighting iraq in the persian gulf. 
 And the allies are concerned that cryptic messages 
 Broadcast this morning could be a signal to terrorists." 
 (Verse three - MC serch) 
 President bush will bring us out of this recession 
 We'll all have jobs when American numbers are lessened 
 Blessings are said, so no one will get hurt 
 Yo - I need a shield, but it's not for the desert 
 It's a shield for the ills that builds 
 With this rampant nationalization; we're not dealin' in humanism 
 P.o.w.'s, m.i.a.'s unknown soldiers in unknown graves 
 Let's bring 'em home safe 
 "The f.b.i. continues to look for those responsible 
 For placing six pipe bombs on, chemical tanks 
 In the norfolk, virginia - or near the norfolk, virginia naval base 
 The bombs were safely.." 
 (Verse four - chubb rock) 
 Well hostility jumps on the scene in ninety-one 
 No fun, large sons shooting machine guns 
 Population adjustment will be adjusted by an intellgent villain 
 Guerilla warfare killing 
 Amplifies, fear tears blood embedded in mud 
 Daddy falls to the accuracy intricate of a scud 
 Black gold soul, patriots told nothing but lies 
 Atmosphere develop permanent red eyes 
 Destruction a product to develop and enhance 
 Presidential fees, blood from overseas 
 Spilled, uphill, peace of mind 
 I'm, waiting for, waiting for the time 
 Inner soul craves, for guidance 
 For safety for the brave, p.o.w. slaves 
 Will be used as shields to pierce and drill 
 To drip tears, when a declared won't mingle 
 With the man upstairs, funerals for fear 
 Confusion, nervous hands from a scared wife knittin 
 Siblings infants weepin, continuous tear drippin 
 Impaled men please God let them cease 
 Come home, red hot lover tone, rockin' robin 
 MC serch, and for the last the verse 
 Let us rehearse, excluse men in the hearse 
 Everybody what's the verse? peace 
 "If one of the bombs had gone off, the resulting 
 Damage and loss of life would have been tremendous. 
 F.b.i. agents on the scene had no idea 
 Who placed them there." 
 (Verse five - lucas) 
 None of the bags coming back are filled with gallons of clout 
 To spill out, to shake-up, break up, now blow up 
 Has entered the minds in washington d.c., tell me 
 Is this the land of the free, and in France see 
 {*Rappin' in French*} 
 Danish {*rappin' in Danish*} 
 German {*rappin' in German*} 
 Guess that we're all comin' back in one peace 
 "Adolf hitler, joe stalin, and saddam hussein. 
 Not the types you'd expect to meet on route 80 near hackensack. 
 Well there they're gathered, because.." 
 (Verse six - pete nice) 
 The web's analyzed of the ties to the dark side 
 A nation vexed, is it a vietnam flipside 
 On the streets, protests came a little late 
 Six months on your seat before war date 
 A watergate for information ain't passed on 
 Is that the actual fact, or was you gassed on 
 The noose loose for the troops in combat boots 
 Bring 'em home and preserve those family roots, peace! 
 "And the u.s.s. missouri and her sixteen-inch guns 
 Opened fire on iraqi positions near the kuwaiti border. 
 It is the first time those big guns were used in combat 
 Since the korean war. meantime u.s. and allied planes 
 Continue to bomb iraqi military sites in kuwait, and outside baghdad."