Intro: MC Nasal (Chubb Rock) 
 Word up it's the Nasal on the scene one mo' time! 
 With my man Kirk Gowdy on the mix 
 And my man Funky Owl in the mix 
 And my man Frank Nitti on the mix 
 While the Chubbster in the mix, I'ma kick it like, thissssss 
 Check it out 
 Verse One: MC Nasal (Chubb Rock) 
 Don't drink the milk 'cause it's spoiled form the racists 
 If you look up all the judicial cases 
 You see the niggaz yo, dead in the woodwork 
 Cause of these KKK jerks 
 And I'm vexed, real vexed, let me tell y'all 
 While I kick it from the cellular 
 Well I'm the Nasal on the scene and fuck it 
 I hate cream in my coffee, so take your fuckin' redneck off me 
 Concerning that Mississippi, stop that fuckin' Burning 
 While I'm over here chillin', ready steady learning 
 Every racist summer, kill a large number 
 Of you son of bitch, who switch to Archie Bunker 
 Ignorant, accurate, coagulate, you imagine it 
 Hate the nigga boy, and stabbing it 
 All over, the odor makes you wish he was down with the Force 
 So you can mess around like Yoda 
 But no-no, and also, you knew so, the nigga grew so 
 Advances like Caruso... Robinson, Jackie, smooth and jazzy has he 
 Been respected, for the past three 
 Decades finds his baseball cards 
 Niggaz have them then discard, and I'm vexed 
 Should I flex my pecks on the set? 
 And watch those Bill Cosby niggaz just plex? 
 And his kids buy a white school kit, ana 
 And you know he talks, bullshit, ana 
 Throw your hands in the air 
 And look at that nappiness of your hair 
 And if you're proud of your peas, nigga say please 
 And niggaz out there say Yeah! 
 *Crickets chirping* 
 I guess there no niggaz out there 
 Here comes the chorus for the year 
 Because, the Nasal... will eat shrimp and basil 
 Remaining head to toe on the foes 
 And he says he will 
 Flip on the brothers if they don't pump their fists and 
 Get busy, yell and scream like this 
 Don't drink the milk! (Why?) It's spoiled 
 Don't drink the milk! (Why?) It's spoiled 
 Don't drink the milk! (But why?) It's spoiled 
 (Hey daddy tell him why) The milk is spoiled! 
 Verse Two: Kirk Gowdy 
 Every night (night), youth get tested (ested) 
 Mr. Establishment himself is well rested (ested) 
 Miss Sectretary, holds his message (message) 
 I would not make it selling drugs in Texas (Texas) 
 Which way would you look, or was you lookin'? (lookin') 
 Every day, a nigga life is being tooken (tooken) 
 Vietnam, synonym Brooklyn (Brooklyn) 
 If ain't a nigga, it's a pussy I'm juckin (juckin) 
 Alex Haley, Rasta roots soil (soil) 
 The beginning, and it's over (over) 
 It wouldn't make sense if things wasn't so tense (tense) 
 Snatching purses, jumpin' over fence (fence) 
 It seems so negative (egative) 
 They even got you robbin your own relatives (relatives) 
 Daily adventure, extravaganza (ganza) 
 No time to watch an episode of Casablanca 
 Bonanza, Highway to Heaven 
 Stray bullet, down goes a kid, who was eleven 
 Community sucks (sucks), no such unity 
 Kids die before they reach puberty stages (stages) 
 Look at the ages (ages), the parent wages (wages) 
 The reason was in school they never turned pages (pages) 
 You get vexed (vexed), and temperature boils 
 It must be the brat and not the milk that's spoiled (spoiled) 
 Don't drink the milk! (Why?) It's spoiled 
 Don't drink the milk! (Why?) It's spoiled 
 Don't drink the milk! (Will you tell me why...) It's spoiled 
 (Yo punk tell him why...) The milk is spoiled! 
 Verse Three: Poke 
 Well I'm the Spanky of the crew and I'll Alfalfa you 
 And if you step to the Poke I kick nothing but jokes 
 One of the Masterz of the Trak, stick it groovy 
 Man I got more fuckin' Juice than the movie 
 Lights cameras actions, I'm on a fuckin' mission 
 Hissin, white boy fishin 
 Z-28, Camaro, Buick Regal 
 The will of these automobiles don't appeal to 
 The better half, and don't interview my staff 
 For four hundred years you stole, sold my craft 
 Now my ignorant dome is hard boiled 
 I won't drink the motherfucking mic, I mean the milk 
 It's spoiled!