I'm coming around the mountain when I'm coming 
 I'm coming around the mountain when I'm coming 
 Because I came around the town 
 And everybody knows my sound is profound 
 And I'm worth every pound 
 The fourth LP and consumers don't sweat or fret 
 Just go purchase the cassette 
 The album comes on wax and on CD 
 And hits hard from Ft. Greene to Chelsea 
 Walk through The Color Purple, then through the Black Rain 
 Always succeed 'cause I always use my brain 
 Married my one and only fly cutie 
 And always keep my same booking agent Rudy 
 My pal partner Sal and my main man Al B. Sure! 
 I'm sure the friendship is secure 
 Your advice about the miec is always in me 
 And B Sure! Peace to little Quincy 
 And the Miss give a kiss and insist the Miss pump her fist 
 And catch the gist of this *singing* 
 I'm Mr. Chubb Rocker... I'm Mr. Fun 
 I'm Mr. Smooth Rapper... I'm Mr. Number One 
 Friends call me the Chubbster, any mic that I touch 
 Seems to melt in my clutch... I'm too much 
 Because I take a snake and shake and bake the flake 
 Until I say for goodness drake 
 Don't make no more damn mistakes 
 And then I dunk a skunk, hunk, a punk who drunk some junk 
 And sunk into the soup of life mixed with conch 
 But I don't know what to do or what to say to him 
 If he wants to h it me, let him destroy his kidney 
 I don't care, no te ars for fears, give the kid another beer 
 Let him lose another year 
 How can you do that, he knew that brew that, pursue that 
 Walk down the street I'll just say "Who dat?" 
 Walk the other way, looking at him makes me say 
 Had a good complexion, now he looks gray 
 I can't leave him alone because I'm civilized 
 I don't want him drinking no more St. Ide's 
 So my man, I got the plan 
 You see the cyst growing on your wrist 
 Connected to your fist, feel the gist of this 
 And while you feel the gist of t his 
 Go to the party and pump ya fist because *singing* 
 I'm Mr. Chubb Rocker... I'm Mr. Care 
 I'm Mr. Good Rapper... I'm Mr. Brand New year 
 Friends call me the Chubbster, any person I touch 
 Seems to change in my clutch... I'm too much