(Krs-one) 
 Can we hear the track please... 
 Blaow! who are we? (we..) {reputation!} 
 Who are we? (we..) {reputation!} 
 Only the best touch the microphone 
 (One two, check one two) you know whassup 
 Chubb rock, krs-one, get 'cha mind blown 
 Now we gon' talk about... {reputation!} 
 ... Your reputation 
 (It's about to blow... shit's about to blow big) 
 Reputation {reputation!} 
 (Mental countdown) {reputation!} 
 Lyrical skills we bring for the nation 
 (We have liftoff) chubb rock come down! 
 (Chubb rock) 
 I am the big time figure, the bass drum hitter 
 The I am what I am rogueish nigga 
 A flow like lava, to heat up the chatta 
 Heat up ya mat'ta, then go stick her daughter 
 I oughta, joe cocker your opera 
 Crowd rock ya, I make you scream "ooh ah ah!" 
 I, indubital mental big head 
 Praying for a battle if ya battle, you're dead 
 Get diesel, I do ya like they did bugsy siegal 
 I'm on the mic and kris is really on the me-tal 
 Cuttin', backspinnin and recuttin 
 Your English bugged so you can't do me nuttin 
 Laced up lyrics and the beat real tight 
 Your song is wrong and I get focused right 
 With the eq, be who, be you 
 When you're trying to be me, you and your crew 
 Just stop, before the shit gets too hot 
 You need respect - just to get a rep 
 (Krs-one) 
 Tra la la la la la la la lay 
 We the freshest deejay in America today, hey hey! 
 Tra la la la la la la la lay 
 We the freshest deejay, in America today - hey hey! 
 (Chubb rock) 
 Well the lyrics of my peers have changed course here's 
 Platinum LP's, the subject is to swear, yeah! 
 And who wears what and what, fashion is up 
 And which designer cut is more corrupt 
 It's an open and shut case, no ill look is on my face 
 While the bass growls, profound nouns buy a vowel 
 I'm concerned because, "you must learn" 
 Before you croak, I've been dope since I was sperm 
 Sellin records, but of course with no return 
 On the mic you know I burn baby {*inhales*} 
 With your beats you know you have no respect 
 Kids haven't walked wild since "go stet" 
 And I bet when they stage rock they get booed 
 They need qualuudes to get crude and extra rude 
 The spirits have haunted your lyrics so I slept 
 Got nuff z's, tryin' to get a rep 
 (Krs-one) 
 If you thinkin' that it's krs you wanna take out 
 You better reroute quick you got it, all wrong 
 See when I grab the microphone career is finished 
 You better reroute quick you got it, all wrong 
 I do not mean to diss you but we simply are the best ones 
 And you can call him chubb or you can call me krs-one 
 Either way you'll get done, anywhere, any one 
 Me and lyrics one ton, straighten up and choose one son 
 In nineteen-ninety-sess, krs is in his peak'n 
 You will weaken and collapse like michael at the (?) 
 You talk more ish than a senator 
 You can't last, just call me enema, 'cause I'll be in that 
 Ass-teroid, heaven to merkatroid 
 I'm that 6l microphone holdin' humanoid 
 Psychological like sigmund freud 
 But I get annoyed, cause these rappers have no brain 
 These hardcore rappers crack me up like cocaine 
 They got no skill or game 
 They sound like that commercial that be sayin' 
 "Ask for minoxonil, with rogaine" 
 True skills I will explain 
 The t'cha breaks the campaign down plain 
 {People always talk about..} 
 Complete blowout, complete blowout {reputation!} 
 Check, complete blowout {reputation!} 
 {People always talk about..} 
 "Now I understand what they're talkin' about" {reputation!} 
 "Now I understand what they're talkin' about" {reputation!} 
 "Now I understand what they're talkin' about"