(Feat. Ed O.G., Lil' Dap, Paw Duke) 
 (Lil' Dap) 
 Raptivism, yaknahmsayin? 
 Yo this live and direct, LIVE and direct 
 No More Prisons, yaknahmsayin? 
 Don't need no more baby 
 No more... 
 See we can walk through the streets, politic all night 
 Start to make our own tracks, for these cats to recite 
 Recite, rip through your jugular vein, right out your throat 
 Make these cats wanna provoke, I'm holdin' it down with my folks 
 'Cause we walk about it, with Helamic and Knowledge 
 Shinin bright like a diamond, sittin' in BK rhymin 
 Holdin' it down, waitin for the sun to set now 
 Look in the sky, see my man B.I.G. floatin around 
 One day we shine so bright, livin' life so right 
 Lost my man tonight, settin it off, aight? 
 Check it like this, you got to go with the flow 
 Some people may not understand, but you know how it go 
 Because life ain't shit, you got to work for yours 
 Got to hustle from the bottom just to feed the poor 
 Niggaz think shit is funny, got to work for yours 
 See the rich get, rich, the poor get poor 
 Jump up and grab the nina son you gotta get yours 
 Life ain't shit, got to work for yours 
 (Paw Duke) 
 The elements of life, got a nigga scared to death 
 I'm up to my neck, and I can't, hold my breath 
 Who woulda ever thought, at 22, goin' through this 
 My young thugs bust guns, it's kinda foolish 
 My young ladies sell sex, it's kinda clueless 
 Let's get through this, illuminati's tryin' to screw us 
 Blood for blood, ash for ash, life is bigger 
 The poorer man poor, while the rich gets richer 
 (Ed O.G.) 
 A lot of niggaz think that pro-black, is so wack 
 Like the old school I'm a throwback, you know that 
 We plantin seeds that don't grow back, while the black 
 Still shinin like Kojak 
 You ain't never gave a shit, yo we OWNED that 
 Monopolize the whole game and control that 
 A lot of cats get scared so they hold back 
 Thinkin' that they won't get paper sayin' pro-black 
 But they think they get rich screamin blow gats 
 Bubble cracks on hot produced tracks and still dispute facts 
 I ain't tryin' to hear another nigga schoolin me 
 Bout my paper my car or my jewelry 
 And who is he? The one that tell you not to spend it foolishly 
 Cause this whole black movement, is movin me 
 Keep your head above water, or drown below 
 On the dee-low, not cool to have a P.O. 
 You shootin craps, not cee-lo 
 Small time hustlers, who never reach the kilo 
 You know the steelo 
 (Chubb Rock) 
 From the committee of 300, niggaz can't get blunted 
 The JFK niggaz, UHH, died in cellblock niggaz 
 From the crack lackeys, hold your asshole and cock backey 
 Warm green eggs in pens sweatin like pigs 
 Niggaz get clockwork for five to ten blockwork 
 Then cry for balance, then toss the salads 
 Of the long wrong life, beaten knife, wound cabbage 
 Green veil niggaz at night, for bail adage 
 Tim Allen bend, went to the pen, for twelve pounds of M 
 Home Improvement now rules the zen 
 Charles Dutton locked for eight moons for nuttin nuttin 
 Came back tougher than Martin Martin for fuckin' 
 The Guiliani's, Armani's, who laundry 
 The ducats from the Mexicans sweatin niggz from Rahway 
 How the fuck can street crack rule the NASDAQ? 
 That's like a rap nigga getting a check from ASCAP -- 
 - Can't happen, after Attica rule the Richter 
 The poor went raw and the rich got richer 
 (Lil' Dap) 
 Because life ain't shit, you got to work for yours 
 Got to hustle from the bottom just to feed the poor 
 Niggaz think shit is funny, got to work for yours 
 See the rich get, rich, the poor get poor 
 Jump up and grab the nina son you gotta get yours 
 Life ain't shit, got to work for yours 
 (Chubb Rock) 
 Uh! Uh, uh, nineteen ninety-nine 
 Huh huh, with my rhyme 
 And low line, page ? means pace 
 Raptivism, means peace and peace PEACE *INHALES* 
 Bass Records, peace peace and p-peace 
 Rob Swinga, peace peace and always peace 
 D-Rock, peace peace and one time peace 
 Freeze Love, peace peace and peace peace 
 Cocksachie, Greenvale, Greenwald 
 Attica, one more time, hold on 
 Rahway, come back cell block H 
 And everybody in Riker's, one love 
 One love.