Sugarhill, Fatback, Run-D.M.C., EPMD 
 Fat Boys, Redhead Kingpin, Cool C 
 And my man Kurtis Blow, yo... 
 (Chubb Rock) 
 The battlefield, the synonym - call it the wax 
 The recording sciences developing the tracks 
 Is not the essential fabric but if you have it 
 Might make you a household name and let you gain 
 A million fans, coliseums all out sold out 
 And when they call out your name you pull out fake clout 
 'Cause you're sauerkraut, you're not really about 
 Nothin'... you're bluffin 
 But I'm callin your bluff to see if you're really tough 
 Show me your stuff... enough! 
 Shut up, close your mouth, put away your tap shoes 
 Your feet can't say a rhyme this time, you lose 
 But I respect you for what you accomplished, a great deal 
 Just admit you can't handle the steel 
 Gregory Hines can't take mines 
 The Winans can't start rhymin 
 And you're just like them, you had a top ten 
 You have a rap feel, but you can't wield the steel 
 It takes many many moons, to create tunes 
 But loons assume that half past noon 
 They'll have rap down pat, but it's wack 
 You must be on crack, you're buggin cause your head is at 
 A place where reality doesn't seep in 
 Practice makes perfect then you might reap in 
 The benefits of this respectable field 
 And all respect due to the regiments of the steel 
 Assemble! 
 Word, this is goin' out to some hip-hop greats, yaknowhatI'msayin 
 Rakim and... Chuck D 
 (Chubb Rock) 
 The obese boulder, will shrug your shoulder 
 If you say you're a regiment and you can't hold the 
 Steel with some kind of appeal 
 Not dealin' with sex, or a bicep flex 
 Has nothing to do with physical appearance 
 But the way you stimulate the kids and their parents 
 Will fulfill the applications to be inducted 
 Into the regiments, respect to the veterans 
 And the pioneers, with dying tears 
 To see rap has survived after 15 years 
 And ready to go 15 more 
 Three-fourths of every store has only rap on their racks 
 Rap force goin' strong, on and on 
 Take a few seconds, to say peace to Sarah Vaughn 
 Now back to the steel that will wield a golden reel 
 And when you kick it to a James Brown feel 
 Field was made twenty years ago 
 And not a penny-oh was saved cause the way he behaved 
 Was kinda ill, the regiments to his skill 
 Was extraordinary... until 
 He took a fall, the regiments will keep his style 
 Flowin for a long while 
 The regiments made this artform universal 
 Whether it's a street sound, or commercial 
 Obstructors, are just realizing, that this is real 
 Respect to the regiments of the steel 
 Assemble! 
 More hip-hop greats, youknowhatI'msayin? 
 Big Daddy Kane, KRS-One, Kool G. Rap, Super Lover Cee 
 Biz Markie, Heavy D, Lady Kazaam, Special Ed 
 Slick Rick, Lakim Shabazz, Queen Latifah 
 (Chubb Rock) 
 Sugarhill, that sold about eight mill' 
 When "Rappers Delight" caused media fright 
 How could a bunch of kids possibly sell more than me 
 And Randy Travis kickin all that country madness? 
 Failing star, failing guitar or a banjo 
 Your whole artform needs to retire in Orlando 
 Rap has developed in the motherland by storytellers of wisdom 
 No wonder we're best-sellers 
 The art was passed on from generation to generation 
 Developed in the mind cause the rhyme 
 The track is just a cosmetic background 
 'Cause we all need some kind of sound... 
 To complete the whole feel 
 And it's wield by the regiments of the steel 
 Word up, MC Lyte, my boys GangStarr 
 The D.O.C., Eazy-E, Salt-n-Pepa, Whodini 
 Grandmaster Flash, Furious Five, Grandmaster Melle Mel 
 Tribe Called Quest, the Jungle Brothers 
 Dana Dane, Kwame, Shabba Rank'n, De La Soul 
 Stetsasonic, Shinehead, Lil' Shawn 
 Kid'n'Play, Rob'n'Dave, Rich Nice, Fat Doug 
 Finesse'n'Synquis, Groove B. Chill 
 LL Cool J, Flavor Flav, Professor Griff 
 Positively Black, UTFO, Dr. Ice, ESP 
 Sweet Tee, Kool Moe Dee, Fearless Four 
 Cold Crush...