(Verse One) 
 Now here comes the one on the scene to redeem, a dream 
 Seen a couple of years ago when I was just a teen... ager 
 The need to come off at that particular time wasn't major 
 Now I have to wear a pager 
 On my waist just in case I have to go someplace 
 Somewhere can't bear to be late, cause the race is on 
 For all with the ruffneck song 
 Even though they weren't born in the Caribbean like me 
 And others that were all brothers there's a lot in the pot 
 Floridian (?) Sibian (?) to be Divvian (?) 
 I waited for a few for mine, I knew the time was gonna come 
 You can bet I'ma collect the whole lump sum 
 Of the green, the revenue, the ducats, the monies 
 Is whatever you call it there's some complementary honies 
 I'm just the ultimate Don Juan nig-Jacabozi (?) 
 Never fell, I can spell, F-E-L-L like Yahtzee 
 For each I'm gonna reach and teach with the speech 
 If you riff, I'ma flip like Nadia Comaneci 
 Win the gold; the bronze is for Hans and Franz 
 I'm not (?) on no dirty hoes, I know the pros and cons 
 Which will enable me to wear a cable 
 And collect large sums of funds 
 And here he - here comes - The One 
 (Verse Two) 
 Now here comes the man - the man that had the plan 
 That in one year he will gain a million fans 
 Heh - and if you map it out he did 
 Accomplish and astonish, grabbin the hearts of every kid 
 Yes I've created a realistic mirage in my garage 
 That one day Chubb'll be large 
 Not large in the sense that I'll be immense 
 But my financial status and my pockets'll be the fattest around 
 With a boomin sound which bounds 
 To give Hitman Howie Tee a royal crown 
 On his head or his noggin I don't how be loggin (?) 
 Or the simple sounds you hear in your Walkman when joggin 
 Or toboggan down the hill with a few minutes to kill 
 You flipped in the tape you just barely escaped 
 That tree in your way you just realized that hey, 
 You have to be very careful of the tape that you play 
 If it's one of mine, you have to sit and relax 
 And max and prepare to hear funky tracks 
 And the lyrical storm 'cause when it rains it pours 
 Into retail stores, a little comedic and yours 
 But you know, deep in the gut, the nut 
 Was you-know-what, all over the cut 
 Yes we worked real hard to make it def and it was fun 
 And made it suitable to be ripped by - The One 
 (Verse Three) 
 The One - has the mentality of 
 An ignorant ruffneck, but then to get loved 
 Is in my heart even though externally I rarely show it 
 I'm not the guy you wanna go wit' 
 If there's beef, I'm the butcher that will go and settle it 
 I don't preach their rhetorhic 
 The One hates when you say he's number two 
 Or number eight on the countdown - my sound 
 Is unique, you sleep, you'll weap 
 You'll wreak of my words dangles in your cheeks 
 So spit 'em out now, read about thou - take our your camera 
 Take a flick of the man with the stamina 
 To get your girl Tabitha to have a crush on this 
 I don't use Nautilus - 'cause I don't pump no weights to get dates 
 The One is the only one 
 And I shall not have no other one but this one - word up! 
 Yo Howie, flick on the beat, show me where the rhyme at 
 And then the jam will kick like Timac (?) 
 Howie takes a style when he's developing my track 
 So you'll have the feeling of the flavor to buy that 
 So your audible appendages will be numb 
 And say, "Where did hip-hop get 'em from?" 
 Long live the ANC, Walter Sisulu 
 From South Africa, Mr. Mandela you're the real one