(Intro/chorus two: g-man) 
 Whenever you need good lovin' 
 You gotta understand, it takes a man, a man 
 To keep you satisfied 
 (Chubb rock) 
 Ha ha ha 
 Now toys are for boys, men don't need mattel 
 Objects to manipulate and sell 
 The women or the girls whichever name flip your curl 
 Acts for nonsense delivered by the boys of the world 
 But i! i... am... totally ignorant to that type of pride 
 Yell, when your groin starts to rebel 
 Yo l, I told you that we would sell 
 Oversell to the point now, that the pockets, start to thicken 
 How in the world did women become chickens 
 Is it the, alize or the weed 
 Shredded on the tray, that make the queens flow this way? 
 Me, I don't need none of that... type... drama 
 No typical style, for the man who rules the genre 
 The opera, no choir boys, I'll direct your band 
 Change your tune for the man, and... 
 (Chorus one: g-man) 
 Whenever you need good lovin' 
 You gotta understand, you need a man, a man 
 Who can provide... 
 (Chorus two) 
 (Chubb rock) 
 Ha ha ha ha 
 To redeem, I heard black men, I mean boys 
 Sayin' they beat their queen, that type rush 
 Can't paint the scene, dissipates the dream 
 Of black king, black queen, becomin one team 
 From actress purses, harlequin romance verses 
 Ghetto curses, ends up in front of nurses 
 The yo-g male, the bourgeoise male 
 The two-car male and the male that needs mail 
 The woman start to, get empowered by alice walker 
 Waiting to inhale the fumes of the new yorker 
 Question - did you trust her, in front of pimps players 
 And hustlers, does she need a benz or a duster 
 End of question, start of answer, contradiction 
 Exhale, dangle in romance fiction 
 The love test, is like do you need to understand 
 Don't cram, you need a real man, and... 
 (Chorus one) + (chorus two) 
 (Chubb rock) 
 Ha ha 
 While the light gleams in her aspect 
 Does that mean respect, voiced by franklin, ignored by the inept 
 Baggy pants wearer, million man march bearer 
 All those who suffered through the agent orange era 
 Do we really maim the beautiful ones 
 The sons similak by anger, while the women get shunned 
 It's above me, another cop out, another rot out 
 Swapping +tears for fears+, while we +shout+ out 
 Past pain, that reverberates the claim 
 That the disrespect started when we, were in chains 
 Could be - but should be, it wouldn't be, if we 
 Real men, scriptured by the zen 
 And even then, women must know which is which 
 When their groins itch, for the rich damn 
 There's a lot to try, to somehow understand 
 Boys will be boys, but find a real man and... 
 (Chorus one) + (chorus two) 
 (Chorus one) + (chorus two) 
 (Chubb rock - over second repeat) 
 Queens, to chickenheads yo, how the hell did it happen? 
 Ow! man... the man... ha ha 
 {Whenever you need good lovin} 
 Peace! 
 (G-man ad libs to fade)