These guys aren't tough and stuff 
 They can talk that shit when the chips are up. 
 But the chips are down, 'cause I put them there, 
 And I got a Hot Chip like the indie band. 
 This is Christmas man and my flow is Miami, 
 And the only goal that I have is my Emmy bitch 
 Yes and a nigga stay down like I'm into this 
 These niggas never did shit different, I was tired of it. 
 See the other side of it, hate how they say how 
 Hip-hop is dead and everybody is the same now. 
 I am not the same, how could I ever be? 
 I am so fly and on fire like a phoenix wing, 
 I go light speed, you go slow pace. 
 And I go hard like G-O in bold face. 
 Used to do me 'cause I had to, now a nigga like to 
 'Cause I get cheese like the mice do. 
 I am a work of art, crush niggas like I'm crushing on Annie Clark 
 They stop sleeping on me 
 Good morning, like Alonzo, 
 Go ahead and cut that shit out like a tonsil. 
 Yes I stay weird and fuck chicks like I'm gonzo. 
 Sleeping on a cow pie, tired of the bullshit, 
 Dick is her baby, why does she abuse it? 
 Eight shots and a beer and I'm passing out, 
 Glasses, leather jacket, I'ma ask you out. 
 Spend the night if you got your own toothbrush, 
 I really think I like you, but not too much 
 I got big plans, yeah I feel myself hard like both hands, 
 Yeah I feel myself hard like both hands. 
 (Throw the phone out the window) 
 (If you want the neighbours woke) 
 (You'll have to shout out loud) 
 (And set the bed alight and slow) 
 (If you want the neighbours woke) 
 (You'll have to shout even louder) 
 This is all fun yeah, my work is vacation. 
 Me and six shots, that's a bad combination. 
 I don't need your money, this is free download it, 
 Play it at a party, watch it pop like a soda. 
 Thick indie black girl, double stuffed Oreo. 
 Make a shit rapper pissed off like a urinal. 
 You can not see me, I can change your perspective. 
 Sick boy clique, that's an Animal Collective. 
 Fuckin' with you raw like I don't need protection. 
 I am just a rapper, I'm in search of perfection. 
 Spit hot shit, yeah my mouth is a toaster. 
 Shit look easy like a turd in a short skirt. 
 I am not a fairy tale, I earned this shit. 
 Leave a track on the stove and watch me burn this bitch. 
 Sick as a dog, fly as an angel 
 I am just a rapper, better learn sign language. 
 'Cause I don't talk, yeah I fight Teddy Ruxpin. 
 Yeah I got paper like I just ate a muffin. 
 This is all wrong man, this is all wrong. 
 Have a nigga, have a hit, and then they sing the same song. 
 That is so not me, I'ma change it all up. 
 Doctor knows I'm sick dude, I don't need a follow up. 
 Tell me when you can't take the track any longer. 
 Weird soufflé[?!] and the noise make me stronger. 
 I have gotten stronger, tongue like a shotgun. 
 If you let the track loose, you can watch me pop one. 
 Sick boy bitch, and it's back to the future, 
 'Cause I'm McFly and it's not what I'm used to. 
 'Cause they used to call me other name of a rooster[?]. 
 Sky is the limit like a jet pack booster. 
 Fuckin' with a nigga like he fuckin' with a time bomb. 
 Can't see a nigga, motherfucker turn your eyes on. 
 I am so different y'all don't even know the half of. 
 I do not talk, motherfucker I'm a rapper.