Part 1: Dream 
 I had a dream I ran Atlanta, and I was on every radio station. And 107.9 was 97.5 again. And they played me at Golden Glide on Friday. And they played me real loud on the street, we drive up Memorial Drive, up Wesley Chapel. I reopen 112, and Jazzy T's. I'd bring back Turner Field. I fire at all the cops in Cobb county.Chick-Fil-A will be open on Sundays. I bring back LaFace Records, Freaknik. Kilo Ali, Lou. I got J.R. Crickets some Spelman girls with big booties. I reopen SciTrek, strippers will get Mother's day off, and I'd have my own Gangsta Grillz mixtape 
 Part 2: Southern Hospitality 
 Hey this is Steve Smith from American Dad, and this is Royalty 
 Stone mountain 
 (I ain't no snitch, cops I don't trust 'em 
 I ain't no bitch, all I do is run 'em) (x2) 
 Nigga I was stunin', keep that shit a hunnid 
 If it ain't about the money then it's not up for discussion 
 If it ain't about 
 After selling out the Georgia Dome 3 nights in a row, after selling 10 million copies of his newest album, Roscoe's Wetsuit, in one week. After successfully petitioning to recarve his own face into Stone Mountain, Stone Mountain. He's still givin' you niggas a free mixtape. Why Gambino, why young guy? Why so generous? 
 I ain't no snitch, cops I don't trust 'em 
 I ain't no bitch, all I do is run 'em 
 Nigga I was stunin', keep that shit a hunnid 
 If it ain't about the money then it's not up for discussion 
 If it ain't about progress, ain't about success 
 Why this nigga suspect? 
 You ain't seen sus yet 
 I'mma fuck the game so hard like Tiff 
 Niggas takin' shots, I'm like "nigga don't tempt me" 
 I seen what you make, yeah them shows sold out 
 But you doing clubs and I'm doing like all out, things 
 Why the hell he rapping if he all out sings 
 Royalty the movement, we all out kings 
 For real, Bino on a mission 
 We are not friends, nigga this is business 
 Girl this my dream, ain't no split decisions 
 Watch me cut this bitch off, I'mma need some scissors 
 Mama in the kitchen, hot sauce on them chitlins 
 I was always spittin', just that no one else was listening 
 Got your girl and now we kissin' 
 She attracted to my vision 
 Now she see what she was missin' 
 Now she act a little different 
 Telling you she need some distance 
 Yeah come on over, we can talk about it 
 Now this nigga mad, yeah he thought about it 
 But he don't really want it 
 Semen on her stomach 
 That's a second coming, Jesus 
 Flow so genius, can't low-key this 
 Puffin' on a swisha like a ho smoke penis 
 They want me Uncle Remus 
 But I'm just flexin' on 'em 
 Part 3: Partna Dem 
 This on some old Atlanta shit. But I like it cause, it's not about what you know, but who you know. Know what I'm saying? 
 Royalty my partner dem 
 No one else might partner dem 
 Stay strapped with that arsenal 
 These niggas winnin', it's hard to tell 
 Move over, we about to take over 
 Slide up in them DMs, her nigga didn't even notice, I'm focused 
 I'm the man of the hour, play me on Power 
 Play me on Hot, nigga I'm hot, nigga don't stop 
 Flow so cold put a cherry on top 
 Haters so mad, he ain't even know why, probably all the autonomy 
 Fuck all your feelings, I'm proud of me, head was so good it's psychology 
 God damn, I'm just being who I am 
 From that weird ass little kid to this ballin' ass grown man 
 Man this beat is going so HAM, flow been burr since Novem' 
 Chain been burr since Novem', that means cold, I'm just sayin', we ain't playin' 
 If your man don't want to lick it I volunteer as tribute 
 You niggas on them Hunger Games, I'm eating O's like onion rings 
 I kill them hoes so constantly 
 I ain't even gotta sugar coat it 
 See them titties, wanna motorboat it 
 I'm Dopaliscious like Spottie Ottie 
 Y'all don't know me, run the world 
 Turnin' up like that little girl whose like 
 Ay-Ay-Ay-Turnup! 
 Tell them niggas it's tax season 
 Atlanta Georgia, that's black Sweden 
 I'm such a martyr, die for the game 
 I'm such a MARTA I'm runnin' trains like whoo 
 Slow that shit, slow that shit 
 Let me hear it