Yo I want to give a special shout out to DJ Drama, for letting me do this 
 I really appreciate it (And it's like this) 
 Hey go DJ! (That's my DJ!) 
 Hey go DJ! (That's my DJ!) 
 Hey go DJ! (Uh, yeah, uh) 
 Stuntin' 101, I'm doing shit that y'all never done 
 Talking from TVs and movies, these the choppers to Uzis 
 Nothing can bruise me, nigga this is more than a movement 
 My squad is forever, we ain't getting annulments 
 New song on your speakers got me getting enormous 
 Played a performance, niggas getting paid on performance 
 A lot of y'all hate cause my women is gorgeous 
 I mean they a work of art, something out of a portrait 
 I mean I'm a work of art, all my verses is poetry 
 Niggas is different, you chicken, we ain't fucking with poultry 
 Bunch of crab ass bloggers got me allergic to shellfish 
 If I fell off in a day, man, these niggas be helpless 
 I be bringing on a plane till you lames get mailed it 
 It's ROYALTY and, nigga, I'm the king like Elvis 
 I don't talk about it, let them niggas conversate 
 What's the song about it? Give a D and smoke a J 
 We don't play, I'm so on a bench, money is the stench 
 Let me vent, I'mma smoke 'em out, circles from her mouth 
 What's my favorite sound? "Oh my God I'm cumming" 
 Second favorite sound? "Oh that sound like money" 
 Oh that sound like freedom 
 Oh that sound gon' need a feature but he didn't need him 
 I'm coming back like Jesus, color Reeces Pieces 
 That's the money down here, we gon' need a visa 
 Bread like he Anita 
 That's my DJ, thank you DJ Drama 
 Came in this bitch like my baby mama 
 I believe in karma so I run the summer 
 All I got is checks, check out all these commas 
 Check out how I'm eating, it is very cool 
 James White a nigga, man I'm such a fool 
 I'm doing me so cold, this nigga spitting so cold 
 This girl 20 years old, she know she 'bout to get choose 
 That rabbit hole, I'm talking shit, but I'm rapping though 
 And that IRS and I'm taxing hoes and I saw the check 
 And said "add some o's, add some o's!" 
 Why my clique so animal? Why my clique so Set It Off? 
 When I'm Queen Latifah you know I'm eatin', I fucked it up 
 Niggas think we ain't tough enough, niggas think we was born rich 
 Niggas thinking a lot of shit, niggas don't know a wars coming 
 Niggas don't know I saw something, killing trees, Paul Bunyon 
 Bunyon foot, foot clan, klans man... Alamo 
 Stream of conscious, I don't know 
 Flow was done a long time ago, and I feel for niggas who save a ho 
 I ain't got time and I'm throwing up like gang signs 
 But that was not the case 
 You niggas wish your lifestyle was nice as my place 
 I'm eating off these white kids, I don't need their plate 
 We burning down that blue dream, she sitting on my face 
 I'd leave it on her backside, but that'd be a waste 
 That be a waste, that be a waste 
 First I want to give a shout out to DJ Drama 
 I really appreciate it 
 I wanna give a shout out to DJ Rhetorik 
 He did all the cuts and all the scratches 
 Frankie Robinson out there in Chicago 
 Leandro Rush, and T in Ohio 
 Yesi Ortiz, these are all DJs 
 E-man, LA Leakers, DJ Reflex 
 Everybody out in LA 
 Peter Rosenberg, Cipha Sounds 
 Everybody at Hot 97 
 Everybody at Power 105 
 People down at V103 
 DJ Iceberg over at Hot 
 You've been fucking with me since the beginning 
 Melody McCloskey 
 Ryan Sarver 
 Owen Brainard 
 Krutal 
 Matt Mullenweg 
 Sergey Brin 
 Jack Dorsey 
 Angela Benton 
 That's about it, I'm sure there's people I forgot 
 But, you're appreciated regardless 
 I hope you enjoy the mixtape 
 And then I woke up>