I got skinny jeans on, so I got my swagger 
 I got new kicks and embarrass my? 
 A skinny tattoo with a paintball space 
 So a nigga got bounce like a pinball game 
 I got housewives like my name was bravo 
 The dude is bueller, the world chicago 
 I'm hard to follow, ya boy's sick 
 I'm adam sandler so fuck ya clique 
 I hang with dogs like michael vick 
 And ya girls get wet like a glass of quick 
 Cause your boy stay fresh like a bunch of mints 
 And I fight this flow like a pacifist 
 A barrel of monkeys, a house of chimps 
 I'm way more fun than your boyfriend is 
 He need new jeans like a accident 
 Cause your boy right here where the action is, ah! 
 Don't talk about it 
 You can live without it 
 You don't even need to go down? 
 Don't talk about it 
 You can live without it 
 You don't even need to go down? 
 Cause you were hollerin', hollerin' "oh!" 
 Hollerin', hollerin' "oh!" 
 Hollerin', hollerin' "oh!" girl 
 Cause you were hollerin', hollerin' "oh!" 
 Hollerin', hollerin' "oh!" 
 Hollerin', hollerin' "oh!" girl 
 I said these niggas mad at me like baby boppers 
 These niggas slept on me like old pajamas 
 You niggas stay soft like jon secada 
 And this nigga stay lit like a candelabra 
 And even if I didn't have a million dollars 
 I would still have cream like beard papa 
 Girl I ain't playin' I'll treat ya proper 
 I got no limits like silkk the shocker 
 You look too sweet like betty crocker 
 You could ride in the front, you could meet my partner 
 My boy in the back, you could meet my partner 
 But he ain't got a girl so you should bring your partner 
 Ya boy got books like he made of lockers 
 The girl got legs like a pair of dockers 
 Tito chip like empinadas 
 You should shake that shit till you got maracas 
 (Break) 
 If we're together 
 Can do whatever 
 I'll make sure that you're close to me 
 Cause baby girl it's a fantasy 
 As long as you are here with me tonight 
 'Cause I want ya 
 'Cause I need ya girl 
 'Cause I want ya 
 'Cause I need ya girl, yeah