I be on that other shit, I'm harder than a consonant 
 And that's because I'm flyer than the mother ship, you ostrich 
 I'm awesome rich. Call a bitch. Fresher than my lozenges 
 The problem is you in the Danger Zone like Kenny Loggins is 
 I'm fly, I'm tight. They say I'm sick, they right 
 You think you good? I swear, put your shit to bed. Good night 
 Yes, I'm sittin' on the bench 'cause I don't play no games 
 I just spit that Bellevue, watch them go insane 
 Why these mothafuckas think they wakin' up in pain? 
 'Cause they sleepin' on the hardest nigga in this game 
 Hell yes, I'm on that zombie shit, I must get brain 
 They will not forget me, like I was hit by planes 
 I ain't got to do it big, I just gotta do it different 
 And these hoes are on my dick, and if you got it, it ain't trickin' 
 I be steady gettin' paper, call a nigga Dunder Mifflin 
 And these rappers cannot see me, I'm the only one with vision 
 I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit 
 And you can't handle none of it 
 I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit 
 And you can't handle none of it 
 I'm on top of turd mountain; King shit, bitches 
 Can't nobody top that; Teen Witch, bitches 
 I don't make it rain, I bring the heat storm, nigga 
 Weezy F is in jail, I keep his seat warm, nigga 
 Yes, I get it like I live it 
 Yes, this pimp is still is pimpin' 
 Y'all don't want me to be different 
 What the fuck is y'all thinkin'? 
 That does not suit me, call it Ben Sherman 
 'Cause I get more green than Kermit, heard me? 
 I'm in charge of new shit; Don't talk, do shit 
 Spittin' at the crowd like I play heavy metal music 
 I can say anything, call me John Cusack 
 Keep my dick wetter than the bottom of a cruise ship 
 Keep it fresh to death. Keep my swag inside a coffin 
 So fly, I'm in the sky like Vodka, partner 
 Shout out to Marc Jacobs. Yeah, my feet be feelin' highbrow 
 And Band of Outsiders, got your tie on right now 
 Glory versus failure. There is nothing to it 
 'Cause you win some and lose some, Sandra Bullock 
 Tell me when I'm way too much, when no one had faith in us 
 They thought Child was child's play, but now, they see we dangerous 
 Bring your girl around and let me show her how her body work 
 She like me 'cause my wallet fat, it should wear a Hawaiian shirt 
 Comin' for your spot, like I do when I'm inside of her 
 Got the cold, hard green in my hand, no Heineken 
 Listen up 
 Listen up, please. Check my steez 
 Insect ligaments, I'm the bee's knees 
 Watch my math, like 75 minus 6 
 How can number 2 be number 1? 
 Because I'm the shit, bitch 
 I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit 
 And you can't handle none of it 
 I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit, I be on that other shit 
 And you can't handle none of it