Blow up 
 Worldstar before rap, you already know that 
 So Fresh Prince, they are 'bout to bring the show back 
 Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo 
 Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back 
 Phone call gotta say Moshi Moshi 
 Girlfriend actin' all wishy washy 
 It's your birthday, make it earthquake 
 Fell in love with a nigga like a mermaid 
 (Daddy, I love him!) 
 That's a first date, uh 
 Nobody think about it worst case, uh 
 Best case, we the front page, uh 
 10K on the first day 
 Yeah, motherfucker, take your phone out 
 To record this 
 Ain't nobody can ignore this 
 I'm more or less, a moral-less individual 
 Making movies with criminals 
 Tryin' to get them residuals 
 When it all go crazy 
 When I hear that action, I'm a be Scorcese 
 (My nigga hold it horizontal man, Be professional) 
 (Worldstar! Worldstar! Worldstar!) 
 My girl ain't bad, she more like evil 
 When I'm lookin' in the mirror, how fly's this negro? 
 She on Hollywood and Vine 
 Thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine 
 Makin' movies with her friends all the time 
 Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk 
 But I saw through it like a wet shirt 
 Drive slow 'cause you might swerve off it 
 Still eat and the hate so salty 
 Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee 
 And got more likes than a white girl talking 
 More hits than a fight comp 
 Where they fight cops till they stop 
 When I heard shots 
 Watchin' dude drop from a Glock at a 
 Let me flash on 'em 
 We all big brother now 
 Lil' sis, let her run around 
 Money talkin', you know the sound 
 Brrrr, money counting 
 Brrrr, AK 
 Brrrr, cell phone 
 Brrrr, hello? 
 Yo, bro man, check out that video I just sent you, man 
 This shit is hilarious, man. It's like this kid, man, he got like 
 He got like hit on the side of the head, man 
 He's like freakin' out. Like, it's like... 
 We don't wanna be a (worldstar! woldstar!) 
 And all I wanna be is a (worldstar! woldstar!) 
 We don't wanna be a (worldstar! woldstar!) 
 And all I wanna be is a (worldstar! woldstar!)