(Intro : Childish Gambino) 
 It's Childish Gambino, y'all know who it is, how it is and what it do 
 Mr. Jens Lekman on the track, ladies and gentlemen 
 For those of you wondering for whom the sample is 
 All right. Let's do this. Uh-huh 
 (Verse 1: Childish Gambino) 
 I'm the sickest Nigga ever, go and tell your ma! 
 And I got a little liquor like a St. Bernard! 
 Niggas hold onto Cliffs, like Phylicia Rashad! 
 'Cause I'm always on the edge, but I don't fall off! 
 I's a boy in the hoodie and a hat to match! 
 And the shit bright orange like a pumpkin patch! 
 And they call me Guy Ritchie 'cause I work with snatch! 
 And I'm rich, and a guy. Whatch'all think of that? 
 And the cops stay on me 'cause I'm young and black! 
 And the boy stay crazy like a pound of crack! 
 And I'm all that jazz like my name was scat! 
 College dudes like me too love my name Borat! 
 And I like my girls thick like chocolate, fat like my wallet 
 I'm tellin' y'all the truth, like a prophet 
 And if Gambino on the track, you should copy it 
 And all y'all Niggas totin' guns need to stop it 
 I'm so focused. Yeah 
 I'm so focused. Yeah. (We don't play around like that. Listen.) 
 We ain't scared a you! Tell them other muthafucka we prepared for you! Ungh! 
 We ain't scared a you! Tell them other mutha f- we prepared for you! Ungh! 
 (Verse 2: Truff Syrum) 
 Before you even know how long this song lasts 
 You'll be reelin' and feelin' so flabbergasted 
 Like a fast pass that you can't catch, I'll leave you blasted 
 Lambasted, like I doused you in acid 
 I could be takin' some comedy and I'm makin' that tradic 
 Like I spin, 'cause I hocus, I focus, I'm flippin' it back and now it's magic 
 And the beat go from cool, like plan is to janet, to dammit! 
 Cuties cute in to inspect my go-go gadget 
 Why? 'Cause I spit in split time. It's a sign of a double wear prada I'm reachin' 
 I'm teachin' 'em for a while that you can't deny I'm alive 
 So existential, my rhymes are quintessential 
 I'm an educated black and that's a fact. I'm presidential 
 One riff, and I'm siftin' through N-s lies 
 Got a gift to keep my eyes on the prize, you best move to the side 
 'Cause I'm goin' for the gold, I'm a stone solider 
 Gambino told you Jokers that I'm so, so, so foc- I'm so FO-cusssssssed 
 (Verse 3: Childish Gambino) 
 I'm all grown up, but I'm still Childish 
 It's crazy to think that all them days is behind us 
 I remember when n-s tried to stop us 
 Now them same n-s on my dick and try for profit 
 This is what I asked for. It comes with the territory 
 This isn't a cry for help, ain't no pinnochio story 
 I'm in it just for the glory - I'm in this to win it, babe 
 Sorry that I came home late