Gin in my cup, so I ain't so sober 
 Girl on my dick, call me Cassinova 
 Real talk (?), my name is Oprah 
 My girl talk too but she deal in (?) 
 Got the gold top like I'm one of the Brady's 
 Birthday shit on the side, (get that quick) Mercedes 
 'Scuse me ladies! I know you wanna shoot me 
 Like my name's Jay Brady, but the camera's (?) 
 I wanna eat good Iike Rachel Ray 
 (Pop tags on) shoes (?) 
 My voice too high 'sposed to hold me back 
 They say the same fucking thing 'cause I'm young and black 
 Opposites attract 
 So not far from me is white dude with low voice and no money 
 Who gives a fuck if my voice sound funny 
 Fuck friends, I got me a bi-buddy 
 I'm true life Iike I'm MTV 
 Hollyhood like I'm six times three 
 (I been goin') so crisp, get dressed in a fly ass t-shirt 
 Nike so tight they make your fuckin' feet hurt 
 Jealous ass niggas when they see you rollin' 
 Same motherfucker on (?) scrotum 
 My sneaks so bright, and my girls so thick 
 Money so big call me Cici's dick 
 Calling all haters all across the world it's a (red alert) 
 It's a (red alert), it's a 
 Calling all haters all across the world it's a (red alert) 
 It's a (red alert), it's a 
 I shine so bright they should call me sunlight 
 Call me punk rock cause my jeans is too tight 
 Diesel boo boo, (?) jacket 
 Got one e'ry week. It's a nasty habit 
 (?) And ups, that my standard 
 Show 'em who's boss like Tony Danza 
 Take it across state get the nasty plate 
 (?) Sex why I masturbate 
 It's the dude from the hood that you love to hate 
 'Cause I got new shoes and I love to skate 
 Me and Lupe got it kick push 
 To show these pussy ass niggas why we fuck they bush 
 I used to have to sweep floors just to make the ends meet 
 The ends meetin' like a motherfucker. Ain't that sweet? 
 Why I'm deep with the kids like Phish on myspace 
 Now I'm on your fish scales like I hang with Ghostface 
 They say black don't crack, except for Whitney 
 My shit don't crack, I fall off like Britney 
 To put it simply, I lose my balance 
 'Cause I got a pink drink and it makes me tipsy 
 Live the high life, make the full price 
 You want my advice to get the five mics 
 You wanna put them fake ass guns away 
 Nah, I'm just kiddin' nigga, you ain't got a chance anyway