Yes, I'm Mr. Big Stuff 
 Yeah, my stuff big, man 
 Keep a girl's pussy bright red like a pig's tan 
 Four shots and watch me lean like a kick stand 
 I really need to change my name to, "Hey, I'm a big fan." 
 Cause that's all I hear when I'm outside 
 And my hoodie's never jealous of that tie-dye 
 Cheesy on the mic, like I'm laying on Jordan 
 No homo for you niggas homophobic 
 Yes, I back bend these girls aerobic 
 And these hoes got a Spiderman like Tobey 
 Keep these girls wet, call them Lakers like Kobe 
 Got money trees, asking me, "Do you row me?" 
 Latin girls kiss my feet like they're superguh 
 Latin girls see your face and call you "Stupida." 
 Yes my name is Childish, so I guess I'm cheesy 
 Yes yes yes my wallet's cheesy 
 Throw your hood up, are you queasy? 
 Yes, I am the Juggernaut 
 Yes, my name is Elroy 
 Yes, my dick will make that ho tell, like a bell boy 
 And I get my tip, and my tip is in your girl 
 And I'm gonna bust a nut like I'm a Gallagher squirrel 
 It's the man of the hour 
 Better yet, the century, check the whiskey sour 
 Lookin' like I'm drinkin' piss 
 How's he fuckin' thinkin' this 
 Easy, I'm a mentalist, but I'm not on CBS 
 Uh, yes it's me Bambe 
 What is your daughter to do? 
 I've been doing this ever since Harry Potter was new 
 Boy! I don't play, I change games, I am too real 
 So my words stay hard like a blue pillExplain 
 I like pink, it always looks good on me 
 And I like pink, it always looks good on me 
 That second part I was talking about vagina, homie 
 Fuck the game at an early age, now there hymen on me 
 Yes, I am a magnet 
 Yes, I do attract it 
 Remember when these fake ass niggas called me faggot? 
 'Cause I had glasses and a pink track jacket 
 Now those things are assets to help me get some asses 
 Now these nerdy hoes keep asking me to smash it 
 Bullies from middle school chatting on my Twitter status 
 Fuck you, you don't get shit from now on 
 Unless you got a demo tape, then I can lay some brown on 
 It's the B to the AMBI, colors like candy 
 Nigga, I'm the Army. I'm being all I can be 
 Yes I dress dandy. Get a clue, like the Clandy 
 I live hard, I never sleep in, like an Amby 
 This is for the niggas thinkin' different 
 While their friends are flippin' pigeons in they're stay po-pimpin' 
 He never lets the best go past him 
 My life says yes like it's having orgasms