Bitch, you know me 
 If you don't like this shit I'm puttin' out, then you can blow 
 These dollars in my pocket gettin' big, I gotta fold it 
 It's Cheezy in the building, more cheese than macaroni 
 What the fuck is going on? 
 I'm in her bush. Before I eat, I make her mow the lawn 
 My career is like award shows, it's going long 
 I make it look real easy, like I'm showing thong 
 Bitch, you know me 
 I do a shot, and then I'll sip a Sobe 
 I'm walking weird 'cause it's Walker that I'm wasted on 
 People just realizing that I'm awesome, why they take so long? 
 Skip around the album, it's not hard to find your favorite song 
 Pussy and these tracks the only things that I go crazy on 
 Let me slow it down a sec 
 Man, I can't not not be sick 
 Hook me up with Dimetapp 
 Bitch, you know me 
 You think you better than I am, then show me 
 These niggas don't talk that much shit unless you let them 
 And I let them, 'cause they know if you reply, then you respect them 
 I've been working for a minute. Hoe, this album's a success 
 I'm not tryin' to do Drake numbers, I'm just tryna do my best 
 'Cause let's face it, if I wasn't working with Tina on pitches 
 I would probably flood the market, and go Katrina, you bitches 
 UH 
 Bitch, you know me 
 I'm sorry mama, but there isn't an old me 
 That nigga dead, but I promise, he won't die in vain 
 All I trust is money, fuck these niggas like the Crying Game 
 This is not a joke. You won't listen to what I'm sayin' 
 And I promise to destroy any nigga who think I'm playin' 
 Know my verses can be silly, but I'm choosing not to spray rounds 
 My verse is pedophiles on the playground, okay now? 
 Bitch, you know me 
 Half-price flat screens. Yes, I work for Sony 
 I kiss her hard and hit the jet, I make out like a bandit 
 They tryin' hard to hate me, I just don't understand it 
 Screamin' at me, when you gonna stick to the right business 
 And stop making rap music for these white kidses? 
 Huh, I make music for these tight kids 
 Don't be a fucking asshole. One day, you'll have to wipe his 
 Bitch, you know me 
 I know what I am, and I'll never be HOV-y 
 'Cause I am just different. I'm being what I am, man 
 I don't need a Jesus piece, my jacket cost me 10 grand 
 I'm going light speed, and I don't care if you can't see us 
 'Cause I will never stop, like I am cruising in a Prius 
 You talk from far away because my money in between us 
 And I'm working hard as hell, until I'm chillin' with Aaliyah 
 Bitch, you know me 
 Bitch...