I'm on my ballin' each and every day 
 Asian girls everywhere, UCLA 
 You see me babe? You see me babe? 
 Asian girls everywhere, UCLA 
 I'm on my ish, call it 
 I watch these haters take they shots like they were alcoholics 
 "What is he wearing? Somebody jack that fool's steeze" 
 If I'm a faggot spell it right, I got way more than two G's 
 Nigga I'm amazing, I'm a phenom 
 I'm assassin, I'mma kill y'all 
 I'mma say ma ma sa, ma ma coo sa 
 And this shit's closed now 'cause I ball too hard 
 And I'm cumming on her face, have I gone too far? 
 I don't know, who cares, I don't love that broad 
 And it's funny how these fake niggas always act hard 
 I'm a black star in a black car with a black card 
 They wanna knock me out 
 They tryin' nigga 
 Realest motherfucker in the game like Tron, nigga 
 Forget these white girls 
 I need some variation 
 Especially if she very Asian 
 She got an ugly friend? Roll solo 
 Can I stay at your place? No hobo 
 Not my fault, man, these ladies love me 
 She's an overachiever 'cause all she do is suck seed 
 I'm on my ballin' each and every day 
 Asian girls everywhere, UCLA 
 You see me babe? You see me babe? 
 Asian girls everywhere, UCLA 
 Send me naked pics, I'mma Tumbl that 
 I'm the shit, been the shit, fuck a humble brag 
 Yeah we pushin' that and her pussycat 
 I got swag out my ass so I'm usin' that 
 Texting with Olivia Munn 
 Hopefully she'll give me some 
 Or some Rosie Jones, man 
 Hoes is hoes is hoes, man 
 Racks on racks on racks, man 
 All I got is tracks, man 
 Sorry for my accent 
 But I've been practicin' 
 Everywhere ya go niggas blastin' that Gambino 
 Niggas be like, "You ain't know?" 
 Bitches be like, "You ain't know?" 
 Met this fly Latino 
 Hope that she eighteen though 
 If she not, I'll say that I got deep throat in Heathrow 
 I'm on my ballin' each and every day 
 Asian girls everywhere, UCLA 
 You see me babe? You see me babe? 
 Asian girls everywhere, UCLA 
 Told me I was shit, but that shit couldn't stop me 
 Nigga still hungry, black Kobayashi 
 When I talk about you I hear a "who?" like Horton 
 I was born for this shit, you a rappin' abortion 
 Can we hear the N-word one day and not get upset? 
 Can we try something new and not be suspect? 
 I don't really know, we fucked up bad 
 You don't wanna see my dudes when they get mad 
 I got a bunch of jackanapes at the back of me 
 That'll lacerate anyone in the back of a matinee 
 And laugh while they masturbatin all over your beaten body 
 Sick boy forever, that Suburban Illuminati 
 Naw nigga, yeah, we never stop 
 No period like menopause 
 No period like, "Oh shit! 
 Am I the only one you sleepin' with?" 
 Am I the only one you sleepin' with?"