(Rob One's answering machine) 
 Yo wassup everybody, you've reached Rob One from CBS Crew. 
 Check it out tonight tonight only, I'm having a little shindig 
 At my crib. I want everybody to come through, all the ladies, 
 All the ladies are gonna be in the house. Visionary Crew 
 Rocking it, on the 1 and 2's, DJ Rhett. So check it out, 
 Come through, leave the message and I'll get back to you. 
 Peace! 
 (Rob One) 
 Yo good looking out. Thanks for coming through yo, ayo 
 Everybody, people check it! No one go in my room, my room 
 Is off limits all right? Yo, have a good time all right? 
 (2Mex) 
 Stepped into the party tardy and it's already gotten hyper 
 Visionary Crew receives more hugs than the diapers 
 ??? Mugs of juice like a windshield wiper 
 Looking for the homies with the drugs in the cipher 
 (Dannu) 
 Who got a lighter? 
 Bout to make the shiny faces a little brighter 
 Me and LMNO hit the bar for a Malibu Hulk, 
 Got my fade while Key made his way to the vault, 
 Three man assault 
 (Key Kool) 
 So many hunnies in the spot, it's ridiculous 
 But my current goal is to be inconspicuous 
 Flip on the fog machine and the laser beams 
 Weaved through the crowd like a fish swimming down the stream 
 (2Mex) 
 Strolled into the kitchen, a minute later 
 I'm playing the role of the waiter 
 Serving pate to everybody in the party 
 On a silver tray high society, 
 Ready to come and take anybody in my way 
 (Dannu) 
 Lookin' around, found my way to a plugged mic 
 Said, Visionaries are hear tonight 
 Slightly, spoke a few rhymes, killed some few lines 
 Even said... just to give Key more time 
 (Key Kool) 
 Slipped into the hallways lo-key 
 2Mex's special pate got people tilted so nobody knows this is me 
 Plus Dannu got the party acting unruly 
 I put the skeleton in the lock for room entry 
 (2Mex) 
 I see Key cool in the bedroom 
 Ooh, and here comes Rob One 
 At the same time Dannu yells "Sun God Suns!" 
 Aww man I don't know what to do 
 So I throw up my "W" and I yell out 
 "Afterlife! Visionary Crew!" 
 (Dannu) 
 I'm in search of, another base to deface 
 Wasting more time than sane procrastination 
 Handsome crackin' at your mom straight facing 
 Speaking of, how much more time will Key keep taking? 
 (Key Kool) 
 No time to waste, I skip looking through the crates 
 I know the goods have to be up in the safe 
 Put the stethoscope to the door to hear the "click" 
 Turn the knob left and right, three clocks for three stops 
 (2Mex) 
 I'm jockin Dannu on the mic 
 Then all of a sudden enters the girl that Rob One likes 
 I grab his shoulder back, I say what's up quarterback 
 You better get behind that center and make her snap! 
 (Dannu) 
 Times up, show's about to start 
 I could tell our job was done by the way 2Mex remarked 
 Act like we can't do that, when in fact we just scored 
 Time to rock the party, got what we came for 
 (Key Kool) 
 2Mex and Dannu are done warming up the spot 
 I'm almost out of time as I look at my watch 
 Popped the lock without breaking, 
 Hear a knock, no waiting 
 Grabbed what I need and exit the window with speed 
 Give the goods to Zen at point A 
 He makes his way over to the DJ stand 
 With the wax in his hand... 
 (Zen) 
 Excuse me, excuse me, hey, hey Rhett! Rhett! Rhett! 
 We got it 
 (Lmno) 
 On behalf of Rob One, myself LMNO, Visionaries in effect 
 Yeah yeah yeah check it out. Yo, I just want to start it off, 
 From the bottom of our hearts we appreciate you coming 
 Out to this shindig... hey Rhett, you ready to set this? 
 Hey Rhett you ready?... 
 (Rhett's Pager) 
 Yo this is DJ Rhettmatic of the Beat Junkies, Visionary Crew, 
 And Key cool and Rhettmatic, you've reached my voicemail and 
 Pager. Please leave a brief message right after the beep, or 
 Punch in your digits and area code, and I'll get back with 
 You as soon as I can 
 (Rob One) 
 Yo wassup Rhett, it's Rob One. Damn! Remember those 
 Records I borrowed from you the other day? Doubles of uh 
 Superlover Scene Cassanova Ride? Well, doesn't look like 
 You'll be seeing them again cause uh, I think I might have 
 Misplaced them. Ayo hit me back on the pager all right? 
 Peace. Sorry