To Get retarded on a boom box frame (frame!) 
 When all the funny little games are dead (dead!) 
 Rush said he didn't like the name (name!) 
 Try to tell me that my peoples aren't Def? (Def!) 
 Rebels spill the pattern that's dusty (dusty!) 
 Uprock with a mad hatter thought (thought!) 
 Tryin' to act live on Mr Toad's Wild Ride 
 Get ingested without prejudice daddy's revenge on Oedipus 
 Standing on a precipice holding hands with Gepetto the lecherous 
 Manipulator of oak, the sick joke 
 Liars want to be real and conceal the nose growth 
 In the first row a the show, try to front you get choked 
 Slayed Bambi, sprayed his whole family 
 Try to act cute, got his hoofs in my pantry 
 Frolic through the woods destitute and mad aggy 
 Brainwashed badly, the propaganda had me 
 When the design of modern culture is modeled after new (Sodom) 
 Bottle and packeged with emotions for kiddies to get robotic 
 I come with damage that's fantastically uncomfortable, kill the paradigm 
 Vomiting rotted language addict, thorns for Brer rabbit 
 When the city burns down I'm gonna go to Disney World, world world world world 
 Front now, you got a cheshire cat grin 
 Eerie malevolence of commerce combined with backspins 
 I'm just a kid, tryin' to do good for my friends whose lives end 
 While the queen of radio play painting the carnations red 
 Fantasia 2000, was a number one flick 
 The housing development built to collapse quick 
 Arousing the relevant faith to berate this 
 Dousing the machine, gasoline and flame fists 
 I'm full blown, apocaloid perp needle dirt 
 Born to make a thumper that warns the scorched earth 
 Anarchist chef, make napalm from Nerf 
 Put the propane to the fertilizer watch it convert 
 Penny... ante, cheaply imitated 
 The dead dis rotary blade persuade many 
 But look a little closer, the jails are not empty 
 The rabbit hole, made for the meek and re-entry 
 You're on the wrong side of the looking glass now Paw, face it 
 My brainiac drums make computers lose patience 
 Decepticon era kid, scream Zulu Nation 
 A hundred and forty nine stay high battle cadence 
 Live among the merchants of blood (blood!) 
 But all the power and control means shit (shit!) 
 Now you can frolic with the demons in the mud (mud!) 
 But motherfucker you don't want to match wits (wits!) 
 Spit on a corporate lackey, unhand me 
 Hand me the contract and back away slowly 
 Spit shit distorted if wack, I'm disbanding 
 Either feel the hellfire, or pay what you owe me 
 Top of the world mom, and all these lights are so bright 
 The Epcot center of the industry, snorting snow white 
 Tryin' to find a happy thought, dwarves wanna fly 
 And naked lethal weapon plunge off a high rise 
 Up against the Weathermen? you're an adult in never neverland 
 Dumbos that step on toes with that fly shit contraband 
 Veteran straight from the nang death cookie 
 Duely compensated by saturation of rookies 
 No self pity and no savin' the children 
 No romance, dancin' and group hugs 
 No tolerance for internet wars or soft beats 
 Lord of the island where Piggy got stuck 
 When the city burns down I'm gonna go to Disney world 
 World, world, world, world 
 When the city burns down I'm gonna go to Disney world 
 World, world, world, world 
 When the city burns down I'm gonna go to Disney world 
 World, world, world, world 
 When the city burns down I'm gonna go to Disney world 
 World, world, world, world 
 (Dead Disney motherfuckers... ha, El Producto 
 Yo... 2002 shit, bring your kids, bring the family 
 Weathermen, Def Jux, ha, ha)