One two 
 You're behind the walls of new Roma, you wanna buy the farm (you wanna kill yourself) 
 But the land's not yours to own (but your life's not yours to take) 
 Who owns Police? Who holds fold green, sold sand to beach? 
 Blood beach 
 Dance with the land sharks clutchin' heat, ugly 
 Monks hung halo teach 
 Hung by the math where the cable reach 
 A hundred and sixty-six channels lit 
 To train that animal shit 
 Where the mind's eye redefines 
 Where's God? 
 Buy car, Kick tires 
 Back in Eighty-Six I lived 
 For the four-course artistry 
 Metal worms took turns showin' off colors and shit 
 Like I invaded a mating dance ritual 
 Criminal now 
 Why the things we find beautiful undermine power? 
 El Product flash vet text, motherfuckers is like "Al, why haven't we lept yet?" 
 Dithering sine wave twang for youth and brain management truth 
 Then vanish like "poof" 
 You can't touch the Krush Groove 
 I live on the lunch table 
 Touched fables 
 Ducked labels 
 Cafeter one heat 'em live for the terrordome stables 
 Sign to Rawkus? 
 I'd rather be mouth-fucked by Nazis unconscious 
 Callin' all bomb threats 
 The Radio re-activator, caress 
 Under hellafied missile defense 
 Fenced in, better blame it on fame's shitty grin 
 Walk with a bag full of kittens 
 Take me to the river and throw yourself in 
 In about four seconds the ether will begin to leak 
 Who wanna hold hands with this sicko malnutritionist 
 Soaked in newspeak? 
 Dissolve into the syncopated fragments of vinyl 
 Splashed on loose leaf 
 We can embrace on the business end of my face first 
 Joe vs. the Volcano suicide leap 
 Dance with the vinyl monster 
 Devil in a blue sky flyin' with clean conscience 
 Save the gesture 
 You can't save the children, we weren't worth the effort 
 I'm a Caveman 
 Your modern ways frighten and confuse me 
 I watch your spirit box with the blinking lights and think 
 Are those little people trapped in that box? (No, Caveman) 
 But I do know converted mic digital 8-bus Mackie Avalon compression 
 Combined with 8-step perfected 
 Dirty words paralyze crumbs and infect shit 
 Infectious 
 Insofar as the ineffectual beg for the lectures 
 Development arrested 
 Trapped in the Cuckoo's nest 
 Looking for the nexus 
 If it's wild like that child fire 'em 
 Infrared scope in the clutch of a tyrant 
 New World lullaby, Sirens 
 Stuck migrants, lust and blind violence 
 It's all bad timing 
 Getting murked on a Tram over Roosevelt Island 
 You think that's spacey? 
 Deep Space 9 millimeter, son, keep smiling 
 Existence on the fringes and such 
 My generation just sit like ducks 
 See the rubble glisten that what I trust 
 Tell the historians I'm right here holding my nuts 
 Right here holdin' my nuts 
 Right here holdin' my nuts 
 Right here holdin' my nuts 
 Right here holdin' my nuts 
 Existence on the fringes and such 
 My generation make friends with slugs 
 Thank god for the drugs and drums 
 Tell history that I'll be right here hiding from guns 
 Right here hidin' from guns 
 Right here hidin' from guns 
 Right here hidin' from guns 
 For the love of god, run