"I found love on a prison ship..." (repeating) 
 "Number 247681-Zed, step to the line" 
 (Gunshot) 
 Cage: 
 Two types of people in this world I recognize 
 Conquered, and the one holding rifle next in line 
 The crosshair in my eye, a vessel to god 
 Decontaminated and kept you around in a hole in they yard 
 Sailing cemetery seas after crew leaves and moves on 
 You have no idea how right my head is screwed on 
 When I wake up and put this suit on, I feel escape begin 
 Expirations are needed, I facilitate the end 
 El-P: 
 There are two types of mornings/mournings in this life I can surmise 
 I wake early in the first to help supply the second type 
 Technician of repetition clips and the numbers of tradition zips 
 Little one-risk blunders that can summon one's demise 
 I know line and walk tall, soft, and punch a clock--Ain't done 
 I see the shelter and contrition, best to limit wagging tongues 
 But today's a confrontation with a thought that's not assured 
 She says she's closer to my services and further from my world 
 "I found love on a prison ship..." (repeating) 
 El-P: 
 Does this job ever bother you, darkly creep up in your conscious too? 
 Cage: 
 Nope, in fact I'm so enamored with this standard 
 That being handed a commander, it's almost romantic 
 The lead giveth, I take it, if I didn't understand it 
 El-P: 
 I'm saying during the tenure of your gig, have you ever heard of prisoner 
 Despite the traitorous label, makes you nervous as a kid 
 (Who) May be beyond a date with the lead, maybe there's something else meant for her 
 A prisoner with the beauty of prisoner 247290-Zed? 
 Cage: 
 Oh God, you gotta be joking, I get it she's smoking 
 Got get a taste, I'll hold you down for thirty, she must be purty or open 
 Your secret's safe with me, go on a raping spree 
 I gotta couple numbers of my own, just return the courtesy 
 El-P: 
 No, naw man, that's actually not on my mind, naw, it's different this time 
 She's a creature so sublime, and already be in line for the gun? 
 And I'm the one to dispense it, She seem almost defenseless 
 And her eyes have the surprising effect of rendering me restless 
 "You know, you look really pretty without handcuffs on 
 Without the dirt on your face..." 
 Like the prison stench of the huddled traitors evaporates from the room 
 And in that moment I can see her truly, and she can see me too 
 Beneath the body armor and weaponry, my heart quietly thumps and whispers 
 "Drop the guns and grab her, it's time to make a run" 
 Sitting in my transport as we slip through traffic veins 
 She doesn't ask me where we going, only holds my hand and gaze 
 She's my only reason now, and my only hope to live 
 We pull up to the cabin way above this damn metropolis 
 Me and prisoner 247290-Zed 
 Somewhere that is Soylent Green, we're living life instead 
 No more war traitorism, it's only me and her 
 She can clean my gun and I can help her clean the floor 
 Back to something natural, we'll live off the land 
 When Radon levels drop we walk the trails and talk and laugh 
 I tell her she's innocent, and she'll show me she's not 
 I kiss her number on her arm and lay her on the cot 
 I'm the first to touch her without gloves on 
 She's the first to kiss me without crying 
 Life before this was just dying 
 Me and prisoner 247290-Zed 
 Away from all this violence, live inside each other's head... (repeating) 
 "Number 247290-Zed, step to the line" 
 "Dammit Lent, fire your weapon!" 
 "Yes sir" 
 (Gunshot) 
 "I found love on a prison ship..." (repeating) 
 "She's dead Lent, just how we wanted it. Great." 
 "Just how we wanted it (laughing)" 
 "You shot the s--- out her Lent. I'm proud of you. Go home"