(Feat. Camu Tao) 
 Yeah yeah yeah~! You know it's a Def Jux party tonight! 
 Nobody parties like a Def Jux party knahmsayin? 
 So this what we 'bout to do 
 I want my girls over here to get y'alls hands up 
 I want these dudes over here to get they hands up 
 I want y'all to wild out 
 If y'all ain't ready to wild out we 'bout to take it there straight up 
 Show y'all what a real party is like 
 Y'all ready to go, let's go, let's go, AOWW 
 Let's go, let's go, Yeah, Yeah 
 (Once again...) 
 Yeah I'm feelin' real good tonight, this is what we 'bout to do 
 I want to see how much crowd participation y'all got, say this! 
 Hands up - it's the end of your life 
 All my fellas in the spot gonna do what they like 
 And say Def Jux (Definitive Jux) 
 Say Def Jux (Definitive Jux) 
 World War III's gonna be here tonight 
 So all my ladies in the spot gonna do what they like 
 And say Def Jux (Definitive Jux) 
 Say Def Jux (Definitive Jux) 
 George Bush is in the spot tonight 
 Doin' the JAMES - and he's feelin' all right 
 You know Saddam's in the spot tonight 
 Doin' the JAMES - and he's feelin' all right 
 Tony Blair's in the spot tonight 
 Doin' the JAMES - and he's feelin' all right 
 Jacques Chirac's in the spot tonight 
 Doin' the JAMES - we gon' do it all night 
 Conversation: 
 Yeah yeah yeah y'know, yesterday I was down in Fort Mall 
 These kids tried to step to me like Def Jux wasn't doin' it (WHAT~?) 
 I'm like - dawg, for what, why you steppin up to me like that? 
 You ain't even know who I am (right) 
 Y'know, but they like, they're on some stuff like talkin' 'bout 
 El think he's a man, he thinks he knows, this dude's this great asshole 
 The dude could be an asshole, y'knahmsayin? 
 He doin' his thing! They tryin' to be him, but you know 
 I was tryin' to pick my sneaks out anyway 
 And these kids tried to step back up to me 
 I'm like - dude, I'm pickin' out my sneakers, can I pick out the color or som'n 
 And they just keep walkin' up to just keep sayin' this stuff to me 
 So I'm like yo, yo, if y'all don't back up offa me right now 
 Yo I promise to God I'm a libel to flip my wig straight up 
 Straight up [x8, fading] 
 (El-P) 
 Let's boil it down to the simplest [x2] 
 [Deep voice - quiet whisper] Ah, Def Jux is really fresh 
 Let's boil it down to the simplest [x3] 
 [Deep voice - quiet whisper] Ah, Def Jux (ONCE AGAIN!) 
 Let's boil it down to the simplest [x2] 
 [Deep voice - quiet whisper] Ah, Def Jux is really fresh 
 My country's crazy baby 
 Your country's crazy too 
 We got our weapons ready 
 You got your weapons too 
 Let's get these drugs and zone out 
 Maybe we'll lose our minds 
 And we can rock this Def Jux music 
 It's the end of times 
 (Instrumental to fade)