Don't make politics out of what I say 
 It's just a something that you hear 
 It used to be what kept us going 
 What can you do? 
 Culminated case city limits to murky acreage 
 Johnny Carter infected commands all for some basic nit 
 Advanced style's slit deep into the custom minds 
 New York state of emergency Pamela's probably facin lies 
 Cling to the toon world bare into the amateur 
 Cater to the linoleum motion and text damagers 
 I burn backlands back from planned path war 
 Mushrooms in the blood while they're mega pluggin some bad thought 
 I've come across laws, feelings stop, mind blinded 
 Might wake up naked at the fuck factory 
 Where the crabs are (woop! woop!) 
 Eyes up blue people tiptoe in your area 
 Quick with the bong arm wasn't designed to carry ya 
 More like the child act kool-aid schoolyard 
 3 o'clock my life bruises for which their jail loses 
 For nights you get import brass spillage 
 Black lung exhaust drunk thug love in a village 
 Nasty and left is dust and bad x 
 Little girl trapped in a cage copied suicide breath 
 For us actin' our age means talkin' like sex 
 And the weatherman's too drugged out to tell you where the sun sets 
 Label rock that man stars street props 
 By grabbin together old freestyles and radio drops 
 But when they pick up the album when the dead man walk 
 In fact A & R's love it when the artist can't talk 
 People like us may confuse drugs screw 
 And revel in the static electric pain of payin' dues 
 Who breath some pro blood and unrelated 
 I hover above the scrap trying to analyze with the base shit 
 But phase the actual matter your child supported 
 Layin the crease like Eve on a Steven Segal forehead 
 This Sunday with my lazerface ways 
 Will stab a germ right in the heart with his motherfucking Malays like 
 Lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface nights 
 Lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface feelin' all right 
 Lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface days 
 Lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface lazerface New York 
 I got a born again lust for the neon funk 
 Bright lights burning my mind tonight 
 I got a fly ass crew with a taste for fame 
 Bright lights burning my mind tonight 
 I got a wizard on the break mutilation cut 
 Bright lights burning my mind tonight 
 I got a hundred thousand kids who respect the game 
 Bright lights! Bright lights! ah! 
 Girl 
 I been wonderin 
 See I... I've come to realize me and you girl 
 We've been holdin' onto this thing too tight see 
 Those blinking lights that we been staring at 
 I think they might be broken 
 I think we've been waiting for something that isn't gonna come 
 And if that's the case... I'd rather cut my losses right now 
 Guess I'm afraid, afraid that if we don't stop 
 I think these lasers in my head might just spill out and fuckin' melt something 
 And when there's nothing left but smoldering rubble and glass 
 When everything is silent like a hovercraft filled with dead actors in zip lock bags 
 When nothing left but a faint echo of our own beautiful broken legs 
 Well All I can say is that I tried to warn you... 
 I tried to warn you... 
 What can you do? 
 Picture a virus, a frat-o-matic of sponsors 
 Little girl better flash nipples or the cameras might wander 
 This is your shot, close the moment slash facial splat 
 Thanks a lot, be say, be on, be sex 
 Be outward stock kumbaya be wet belong be raped 
 Be quite bitch oh my god controversy MTV's concerned now 
 Pick the bait, ratings drop, thanks a lot 
 Back to spring break, baby, ratings hit top! 
 Ratings hit top! 
 Ratings hit top! 
 Ratings hit top! 
 Yo, it's your... centerfold dream 
 These lights can unfold to show you such a beautiful thing 
 Such a beautiful thing, such a beautiful thing 
 Centerfold dream 
 These lights can unfold to show you such a beautiful thing 
 Beautiful thing such a beautiful thing