(Verse 1: El-P) 
 To the mother of my enemy, I just killed your son 
 He died with his face to the sky and it can not be undone 
 He didn't die hard, in the end he just grinned and bowed 
 Made him dig his own grave at the point of a gun 
 While he laughed to the gods out loud 
 And it made me want to jump... out a window 
 And it made me want to scream 
 Tear my face off run through the streets 
 Pandemonium me, fucked by decree 
 Came a long way from young and alive when I was not blind... 
 Now I can not see 
 Grace in reverse at best it gets worse and I wanted you to know: 
 Since then I don't sleep 
 And the uniform, tags, side arm and ID that I wore 
 When I did it got send C.O.D 
 To the HQ, note reading "this is not me 
 And I hate you for making me make a man bleed" 
 And before the man passed and his last gasp fleed 
 (And this is why I'm writing you now) his eyes gleamed 
 And he pointed to the part of his chest that still beats 
 Looked dead in my grill and then said this to me: 
 There is a tougher colder killer 
 A tougher colder killer than 
 A tougher colder killer than you 
 And he will wipe us all from this place 
 You will learn to crawl 
 You will learn it all in just one day 
 Just one day 
 (Interlude: Killer Mike) 
 I'll slap a motherfucker so hard his mama probably said baby you okay 
 I just got an extreme pain on the side of my face, you understand me? 
 Your dad should be ashamed of raising you suckers man, real shit man 
 Your dad should've left home like millions of other dads did 
 By staying at home, man, he only made you a tougher, colder pussy 
 (Verse: El-P) 
 I'm the fucking Catalina wine mixer blitzer 
 Wolf in a shearling wording shit twisted 
 It's a lovely day to go Blitzkrieg, isn't it? 
 Listen if suicide pacts are your bag try dissin him 
 The blocked number, no star 69 
 Call, breathe heavy at your little sis, rock system 
 Come with the loud talk, limp back whispering 
 That motherfucker's no victim 
 (Verse: Killer Mike) 
 The return of the other 
 Insane psycho sick savage raw rap rhyme motherfucker 
 With a big black belly 
 If it get to shaking like jelly and the gun 
 Don't jam, you're a dead motherfucker! 
 Niggas say sweet like smuckers 
 Peanut butter pack the motherfuckers 
 I'm ashamed for your mothers 
 Pause [comma] 
 How I know your momma? Bad motherfucker? 
 Double entendre? 
 (Verse: Despot) 
 Mother fuckers don't know shit 
 Not the half or the math or the sum or the quotient 
 Get your cameras in focus to capture the moment 
 I slap you for poking your nose in 
 Globe gripped so tight that it's choking 
 He got the whole world in his hands, hold this! 
 Pose in a winning stance, don't get close 
 Watch me with the telescope you watched the throne with 
 (Verse: El-P) 
 Trapped in another bad circuit, twirk it 
 Splash in another man's snatch, get murdered 
 Paths get burnt and cut right through sermons 
 I laugh at the priest getting deep in the service 
 Last guy to the big guy in the sky 
 Is a rotten egg or potato au gratin 
 Head get him down, take a piss in his coffin 
 Better off dead than let him keep talking 
 (Verse: Killer Mike) 
 You better off walking than talking 
 Bullets get to sparking, leave you in chalk or a coffin 
 Lord have mercy on the family and they losses 
 I paid for the roses to cover the coffin 
 I move like Bulger, the boss up in Boston 
 Caught him in a bottle house buying Mr. Boston 
 Hit him with a bullet from a .38 snub 
 Put the plug in his skull, hit the switch lights, offed him 
 (Verse: Despot) 
 What's that on your shirt? Made you look 
 Get jacked for your work, get juxed for the gold 
 'Oldest trick in the book like grandma's hand on her cunt playboy centerfold 
 Hold his dick like a schnook on the block while he look at the cops and they drive past slow 
 Keep the heater on ice, let it go, he was told that revenge was best served cold 
 [There is a tougher colder killer than 
 A tougher colder killer than 
 A tougher colder killer than you 
 And he will wipe us all from this place 
 You will learn to crawl 
 You will learn it all in just one day 
 Just one day] 
 (Killer Mike) 
 You ain't with this shit we with 
 Bars of death, destruction, and violence 
 What do I hear from you? Nothin'. Silence 
 You ain't ready for this shit. You don't want this shit 
 It's a prizefight. It's a prizefight 
 And one opponent ain't showin' up 
 Sucka