(Feat. Jinx Da Juvy, Kool G. Rap) 
 (Chorus: Kool G. Rap) 
 N.Y. City, crime around me, drug dynasties 
 Death and robberies 
 On the dark blocks where bodies bleed 
 Jake inside the P.J.'s, the heat waves 
 Kids play where heat sprays 
 Straight floods, no love, fake thugs 
 Draw blood with Four-Four snubs 
 Tear away your rug 
 Kids with clout 
 Up in the Range Rover with chicks, spray in their mouth 
 Drain 'em out, set up for the wet up, bang 'em out 
 These streets in Queens remain the murder scene, blood stain 'em out 
 (Verse 1: Kool G. Rap) 
 Inside the chambers of Hell 
 Where all the L puffin' niggas dwell 
 And fell 'cause of a loss of blood cells 
 Bullet shells, glass is shattered 
 Shit gets torn and tattered 
 Niggas brains is splattered on sewage drains when they be goin' at it 
 Static over addicts, revolvers and automatics 
 It's illmatic how I seen one catch two in the cabbage 
 From an initial, official shiny nickel played pistols 
 Sparklin' like crystals, launchin' missiles 
 Domes get blown like whistles 
 Ain't no jokin', niggas will leave you and your Momma soakin' 
 And smokin' and blown open 
 Bodies found in Hoboken 
 Kids comittin' murder after murder 
 Shit is real so I feel for the ones that don't pack steel and burners 
 Bodies be droppin' down around Queens 
 By different teams, it's the Teens that tear your ass out the frame by 
 The seams 
 The end of the drama center, niggas you want drama? 
 Word to Momma come equipped with two clips and body armor. 
 (Verse 2: Jinx Da Juvy) 
 Yeah, it's that young fella, Jinx Da Juvy 
 Fly lil' nigga, iced out with a fresh brand new Coogi 
 Jigged out, wig spinned out with waves 
 Pockets full of the Franklins, I stay gettin' paid 
 Stay stackin' papes, plus my Fam flip cakes 
 While some of us rap, other fellas flip 'caine 
 Rock big chains, what y'all think this a game? 
 Murder incorp. slash open cases with cartels 
 We do things that make the Mob tell 
 The way we go outta state and flip more cakes then Carvel 
 Y'all play the cut, and watch this lil' nigga prevail 
 'Cause I spit much hotter than Hell 
 So why y'all playa hate and plot to creep on mine 
 I pay y'all no mind, but violate and speak to the Nine 
 I'm a B.K. Son of a gun 
 When I spit 16 bars y'all rap niggas dial 911 
 I'm only 14, and y'all rap dudes ready to run 
 This ain't a game, ain't no time for fun 
 I'm the young rap Lord, so I gotta hold it down 
 It's Easy Mo Bee, G. Rap and Jinx Da Juvenile. 
 (Verse 3: Kool G. Rap) 
 Crushed with the ice, get rushed for your life 
 Busted in twice, stuck with a knife 
 On these rough nights we hustle and heist 
 Put heaters to your Man and double the price 
 Snuffin' your lights, shake you like a couple of dice 
 Nothin' is nice, prepare for combat 
 Firearm cats with long gats, end up where you get embalmed at 
 Lay on the floor flat, pull the gat format 
 Direct beside your door mat 
 Cock the Fours back, blow out your Whore's back 
 Leave the kids wigs tore back 
 My niggas ride with me like horseback 
 Go to war rats, niggas you strapped? let me take that 
 G. Rap face slap all of these fake cats 
 And unofficials, get gun missiles clapped in your lung tissue 
 Me and my Dun's'll hit you, slugs not even one'll miss you 
 Tons of pistols 
 Kid, you got guns?, you should've brung 'em wit' you 
 Them niggas runnin' wit' you 
 Caught 'em and hung 'em wit' you 
 No games, out to blow frames with Fo' flames 
 At close range, have all you niggas lookin' for Rogaine.