You're just plain rotten 
 You're too damn lazy 
 You thinkin' he's crazy 
 Where am I goin'? 
 What am I doin'? 
 I don't know, I don't know! 
 Ye, so I got this personal mission 
 I'mma take this Crimson Tide banner 
 From the great state of Alabama that is 
 And I'mma take it to all 50 States 
 All 50 States in one song 
 Just so I can hear 'em say 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn! 
 I started my journey down in Alabama 
 Then my mama threw me in a swamp when I was five out in Louisiana 
 She told me to take my state everywhere with me 
 Then we moved to Oklahoma with her boyfriend from Mississippi 
 Her boyfriend was in the country music industry 
 So we hopped on a tour bus from Texas and went to Tennessee 
 Met a dude from New York at a rest stop in Arkansas he said, (Gotdamn!) 
 "You really do say howdy y'all!" (Howdy y'all) 
 I'm a nomad, yeah, kinda sorta 
 I got stranded in Georgia 
 But I was headed to Florida 
 I hitchhiked the rest of the way down to Palm Beach 
 And I one-nighted a girl with black hair from Hawaii 
 I don't know how I landed in Indiana 
 But I got this Crimson Tide banner 
 And I ain't gonna stop until 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn! 
 That's 12 states down! 
 Yeah, put the Jack in the backpack 
 And I won't stop till I hear 'em sayin' that 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn! 
 Let's go! 
 Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn! 
 Well I stopped in Michigan with Eminem and popped some No-Doze 
 I took a plane to Maine and ran down the East Coast like 
 Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Vermont, now down to Jersey 
 Pennsylvania, Maryland, to Virginia, the Carolinas; back to the dirty 
 I bucked to Ohio 
 And swam through Kentucky 
 Grabbed a bottle of Jim Beam 
 Got drunk and was feeling lucky 
 Met a girl who met a boy from Illinois who just dropped him (Gotdamn!) 
 Because he moved to Wisconsin 
 Well, I took her over to Minnesota 
 I tip-toed out of the room with her purse and now, Iowa! 
 I hurried to Missouri, from there I went to Kansas 
 Rode a twister to Nebraska, drove the Dakotas with Candice 
 Stopped in Montana to refill my bottle 
 I went roamin' in Wyoming and snowboarded through Colorado yellin' 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn! 
 28 states down, I'm on a roll! 
 Yeah, put the Jack in the backpack 
 And I won't stop till I hear 'em sayin' that 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn! 
 Let's go! 
 Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn! 
 Moving on! 
 I hit the Texaco in New Mexico 
 Hopped in the back of a truck that was carryin' vegetables 
 He took me to Arizona, to a trading post 
 I was headed for Utah so he offered me a sack of potatoes 
 I told him thank you for the ride up the road but I'm fine though 
 There's plenty of those up in Idaho 
 But Arizona's got some beautiful women though like (Gotdamn!) 
 She's fine but I gotta go! 
 30 pack, now I'm Oregon 
 I hit a couple of divin' boys when I stumbled into Washington 
 And I still got Alabama with me 
 Met an Eskimo from Alaska, bought him a beer and told him "keep it Dixie!" 
 Lost my money in Nevada, security said "I warned ya," 
 Took my car so I had to skateboard to California, now 
 Everybody knows about Alabama got damn! 
 That's 50 states 'Bama! 
 Yeah, put the Jack in the backpack 
 And I won't stop till I hear 'em sayin' that 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn! 
 Let's go! 
 Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! 
 Everybody knows about Alabama 
 Everybody knows about Alabama 
 Everybody knows about Alabama gotdamn!