Trailer parks on fire, billy been cookin up something. 
 If you need a biscuit, come on then, billy just got it jumpin'. 
 Get it from a pro, get it for the low, get you some blow. 
 Get it for the nose, get it for the show, get it for the (Hoes!) 
 Four-wheeler cranked up, gas tank on the ATV. 
 It's full of that crank bud, billy got pills from A to Z. 
 So what do you think?... but billy won't go Below 50. 
 22's Are Dangerous, drink a thing up with the nugget rings. 
 Pow, take one from the needle, how you feelin' now? 
 Purple moons in lucky charms, yeah that's the sound. 
 But thangs turnin' around. but his fame is so profound. 
 His name is like a noun, they goin' Billy Now. 
 Billy's on the corner with the Crystal Meth. 
 Yeah!, ain't he ain't slowin down, ain't slowin down. 
 Billy's on the corner with the Crystal Meth. 
 Go Billy!... Crystal Meth. 
 Ayyee, Oh, Ayyee, Oh. 
 Oh, Ayyee, Oh. 
 Hello junkies, and hello mama too, 
 Hello to my p.o., do Self to the boys in blue. 
 Billy got brass bawls, 20 pounds on the catwalk. 
 LSD and Adderall, And LCD's On the Wall. 
 Hes watching Every move, HighTech RedNeck. 
 Run Up on him if you Want to, I Bet on RedNeck, Come on. 
 It might be Dark in the Woods. But the light are on. 
 The money's counted, and if the price is Wrong. 
 Well then, billy will get them Gremlins like Speilberg. 
 He'll take your house down, off of them pillars. 
 And take your mom to sizzler, and feed her chicken liver. 
 That's cold blooded love, billy's a chiller. 
 4: 30 in the a.m., billy ain't slept for days. 
 Gotta keep up with the profit, gotta keep up with the craze. 
 It's a heavy shade, gotta walk through the maze. 
 Down where the sun don't shine, and the palm trees swade. 
 And when the wind blew, and the cradle fell. 
 Down come baby billy, and up come an able mil. 
 Mama stayed at work, daddy stayed in jail. 
 That's a full deck, but you gotta play what your dealt. 
 So billy dealt the joker, put the sheriff in the choker. 
 He drank himself sober, and pissed in a SuperSoaker. 
 And he wet 'em all up, and left his snow yellow. 
 That's hard life boi, for the ello.