Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you 
 (It's the big bad wolf) 
 Yeah 
 I'm from Alabama buddy and what what does that mean you don't like my state 
 You put a stereotype on my people homie but you know exactly what I'm gonna say 
 You see me shining without a diamond at all but you'd rather see me stuck in the shade 
 Oh you mad I'm getting butter motherfucker you don't wanna see yeller get paid 
 That's a reasonable excuse to hate so thank you I must bless you 
 It's unbelievable you could rescue the nephew and girl let loose 
 Who am I well you know who I am when cat fish billies middle finger flings 
 And all the love I'm getting from the critics is making me wanna turn around and sing 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Sing along!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Fellas!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Ladies!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Everybody!) 
 You might be used to hearing it and if you are cool then I'll say it again 
 If you ain't got a problem with saying out loud turnaround and tell it to a friend 
 You might be riding inside of your car alone but you can do it with one hand 
 So throw it up when you see the boys in blue passing you in a patty wagon van 
 I'm a crook take a look two words written all over my hooks 
 I got enough hype last night with the security this is all that it took 
 I know I got a cubic zirconium watch and a chain and an old money brain but 
 All the attention it brings from the women is making me wanna turn around and sing 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Sing along!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Fellas!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Ladies!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Everybody!) 
 Yelawolf I'm a Parana eat a beat see the physic yep I'm a runna 
 Get a fuck you buddy come take a numba 
 Sure as the sun sets over my long deck in the summa 
 I give a long bird too many wrong words that fall to the life of my persana 
 For the fiftieth time if you wondered don't wonder 
 Listen to the back 
 To the front 
 Tell the people what they want 
 If you came into the club with a sack full of buds but they won't let you roll up a blunt 
 Tell um 
 If they try ta 
 You gotta hot girl tell um I'm gonna 
 You in the house and the song comes on go outside and yell it in you pajamas 
 Sing 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Sing along!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Fellas!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Ladies!) 
 Fuck you fuck you fuuuuuck you (Everybody!) 
 Yeah 
 Yelawolf 
 A.k.a catfish billy 
 Supa hot beats 
 Fuck you 
 Hollar at g 
 Mustard 
 Yeah I'm still at it 
 Ghetto vision 
 (It's the big bad wolf) 
 Holla at your boy 
 Middle fingers in the air 
 Fuck You