(Verse 1 - Yelawolf) 
 You ain't gotta lay down on your bed 
 You know you already fucked up 
 Letting me in the muthafuckin' game is like 
 Letting me drunk drive in ya truck 
 When Yelawolf arrived in this club, already had 5 in my cup 
 Then I took another hit and I run into a bitch 
 That's looking lifeless and stuff 
 Baby, what's wrong with you now? 
 What, you ain't happy with red bottoms? 
 Mad 'cause I'm in VIP with a fuckin' Jack bottle? 
 With Tom, Dick and Harry 
 I got up in this bitch with a tank top 'cause I spit so very, darn quick and scary 
 That's why they're so quick to compare me 
 Fuck my critics with a spiked dick 
 When it can fit barely. They probably think I'm a Limp Bizkit 
 That spits jelly, when I put them in the woods I'm a redneck 
 I'm a hick? Tell me: go ahead, yeah! 
 What the fuck does it matter to me? 
 Cause after me there'll only be wannabes 
 And mostly ain't never gonnabes 
 Yeah in this forest I'm a lonely tree 
 My limbs are covered in tattoos -and my roots they run deep 
 I'm 2 bottle shawty, 2 bitches waiting 
 Two 10's: that's a "win-win situation".. 
 Happy birthday, I'm feelin' brand-new 
 Drinks on me! For ME: not you 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, still don't give a fuck 
 (Verse 2 - Yelawolf) 
 I don't know what to say after that first verse 
 I mean like damn, I just killed it 
 What the fuck am I supposed to do with this cow? 
 I done already milked it 
 Smoke another cigarette unfiltered 
 Let go of anything that I'm feelin' 
 Broke me down so many times before 
 That I'm no longer rapping I'm building 
 With one brick, two brick, three brick, four 
 Underneath the steps of my single wide door 
 Raised by them dope boys, so I know how them thangs look 
 Thanks for the recipe: rest in peace, Wayne Bush 
 I don't cook my shit, I don't break it down for you muthafuckas 
 Out there waiting around for some rap savior 
 You better look up at what it is that you facing now 
 Cause Jesus drives a Harley, the Devil wears Prada 
 If God was one of us, he'd prolly drink vodka 
 I still kick it at the party when I get rich 
 Cause rich or broke, I'm still as dope 
 The realest ain't as real as this 
 Dead or alive, I'll put a stamp in this bitch 
 You'll never seen rock and roll do hip-hop like I did 
 (Hook 1 & Hook 2)