(Yelawolf) 
 Half of these muthaf-cking rappers don't know shit 
 Ain't seen a gangsta ain't seen a brick 
 And then they wonder why when the OG's come around 
 Yelawolf get the respect I get 
 'Cause I never walked into another man's house 
 And tell 'em what I think about the way he lives 
 I done a little dirt of my own and I won't throw stones 
 So I get back what I give 
 Reach for the two homeboy go ahead 
 You wanna be dead, homie be dead 
 Who am I to be thinking that I won't pop a trunk 
 If you feeling like a punk from the he said she said 
 Life's not a choice, it's a win or lose 
 So what's it gonna be, him or you 
 Daddy lie on ya bed, is she lying to your head 
 Well it depends on the truth, huh 
 See I'm realistic and everyday can't be terrific 
 I just seen one of my boys get ticked off 
 And put one of his hands his? 
 Lifted up in the air and somebody carry him 
 Into the club I know they wanted to bury him 
 Haha 
 My crew is laughing, I was scared as f-ck and they thought it was hilarious 
 Damn really, that's how y'all do it 
 Shit 
 The shit I've seen has changed me 
 What used to be strange to me, 
 Just ain't strange to me no more 
 Yeah, I done seen this sh-t before 
 Its just another day, outside my door 
 Outside my door 
 The shit I've seen the shit I've seen has changed me 
 What used to be strange to me, 
 Just ain't strange to me no more 
 Yelawolf and Trae The Truth bitch hit the floor 
 Its just another day, outside my door 
 (Trae The Truth) 
 I let you take a second to introduce you to pain 
 Where everybody going through it and going insane 
 The inner struggle but they focused on making they change 
 Anybody get it away and they making it rain 
 If it go to me and then I probably do the same 
 If I ever could I'll forever be repping the same game 
 Rapping off thinking I promise I'll get the same thing 
 In the back of the Maybach somebody? 
 Getting brain like I was only here to learn something 
 When I'm done here trying to earn something? 
 One thing 'bout me I guarantee I'll probably return something 
 Raise some drama then show up and try to burn something 
 I'll do my dirt and when I ? never pay it back 
 I'm dealing with it and never take it 
 The candys back the city never? 
 ? Take a nap 
 Wanna hit the block ? dreaming to get away 
 ? 
 Yelawolf go get the whip I go this 
 Open the gate no way they could stop this 
 When I'm with us they can tell us about this 
 So pretty you can tell 'em it's not this 
 (Yelawolf) 
 ? I believe it's too hard 
 Don't reach for the dogs who believe the facades 
 Don't reach too far to compete with the dog 
 Because deep in the heart they wanna ? this all 
 I wish I could be the one to say I warned ya 
 Don't pay any attention 
 Man I wanna ignore the haters 
 But I can't afford to leave them alone 
 They say yelawolf ain't never been in the dark 
 And trailerparks and made their mark 
 I gotta make it hot 'cause I was given a pardon 
 I gotta play the role 
 Serial killing rap, 'cause I had a serial code 
 In every city with a serial? 
 When I rap, peer in my soul 
 I'm in the light like a deer in the road 
 Clear in control, my spirit is old 
 I'm hearing the Gold I'm hearing the foes, hoes 
 And falls like a rock don't mean you hard like one 
 You want the credit for getting gutter forget it 
 You muthaf-ckers forgot the credit card and run 
 Street credit won't put bullets in ya gun 
 But it might put a stray bullet in your son 
 Daughters, uncles, aunts, friends and nusiance 
 Become tangled up when it comes undone