Yeah, so you might see me wit uh... 87, rusty. I been on that but uh... you need ta get on that. Holler at cha mang. 
 Still throwin' beer cans in the gutter mang, flick a parliament, hub cap ornament. 
 Deer head on the wall it's a bubba thang, not just sparks but I'm sparkin' a Parliament. 
 Again I'm a chain smoker, stuck to the flame poker I'm hot. Keep the party goin' don't stop. 
 New shoes, thrifty Bill Cosby sweater, drinkin' out the keg no greek frat letters. 
 Bumpin' skinny pimp, Petty and Eddy Vetter. 
 Ain't no Eddy Bower, no scary cowards you better check tha Y E L A W O L F. 
 Buddy I'm in ya ash tray like a toenail clip. 
 Flick flick the cherry, don't ash on my sofa. I'm on some new mobile home shit come on ova. Keep heavy metal like a ton of boulders. Check out my donk it's dirty brown, I know it's dirty brown boi! 
 That's what we on now! 
 Yeah holler, I got 20 bucks and I don't give a fuck, 
 A pretty country girl and a pick up truck yeah. 
 That's what we on now! 
 Doller at che. Yeah. When the sticks meet the bricks, 
 You gon see all a my people up in that bitch like. 
 That's what we on now! 
 20 bucks and I don't give a fuck yeah. 
 That's what we on now! 
 A country girl and a pick up truck yeah. 
 That's what we on now! 
 When the sticks meet the bricks. 
 That's what we on now! 
 All a my people up in this bitch, bitch. 
 Lemonade is made from lemon's a? 
 Then I'ma make fine china from a paper plate. 
 I'ma dip low, like paper planes. 
 In the Cheverolet, like it's a major thang. 
 Sign a major deal, with a major payne. 
 They gave me a budget, I bought a bicycle frame. 
 I rode that bitch around Walnut park, 
 Put a stack in my pocket and then blew it at Wal-Mart. 
 On a jacket, a pistol, and a packet of blow darts. 
 If you enter my skull, you gonna need a strong heart. 
 Strong art, the heart of Dixie got history. 
 You sittin' on 32's we sittin' on 60's. 
 Mud tires and barbed wire you drive for hours. 
 You wont see nothin' but palm trees and wild fires 
 And BOOM! Out pops a B Boy. 
 The mossy oak is dirty brown, I know it's dirty brown boi! 
 Jimmy crack corn, then he threw a bar stool. 
 Mother goose broke a wing and still flew the coup. 
 She gave Jimmy 20 bucks and threw him a deuce. 
 Left Jimmy on the string like a loose tooth. 
 See these the type of people that I'm used to. 
 Hard knock country boys fuck a new suit. 
 Fuck a new coop when you need a new roof, 
 Give me the whole stake from the ruler to the two. 
 Give me the ruler too, measure it up. 
 There's good money in the pyrex mesurin' cup. 
 Ricky Bobbys on the corner he's tearin' it up. 
 If he don't slow down, he'll be wearin' a crutch. 
 Ricky needs to take it to tha highway, 
 But you can't tell him shit, 'cause it's Friday. 
 Rickys got a needle, that's how it's goin' down? 
 He looked at me and said "that's what I'm on now."