(Yelawolf) 
 Aye Boo Get these motherfuckers 
 And pass that jack 
 (Hook: Gangsta Boo) 
 I see you bitches talkin' loud, but you ain't sayin' shit 
 Get the fuck from round' here, you don't rep my shit 
 You ain't from my city, you don't know about this 
 You don't want that drama, you ain't ready for it, bitch! 
 Now throw it up! (Yeah Ho) Throw it Up! 
 Throw It up! (Yeah Ho) You ain't ready for it bitch 
 Throw It up!(Yeah Ho) Throw It up! Throw It up! 
 You ain't ready for it bitch 
 (Verse 1: Yelawolf) 
 I already got, 2 cars in the yard that don't run 
 So why would I wanna break shit down for you? 
 Better me confuse with the punchlines and bars that I launch 
 Here the king of archery come, with a cracker dick 
 To fuck you in that pussy carpet you munch 
 If I'm not hardly the one, you must be barely the one billionth 
 Really you kiddin', bitch I'm the prodigal son 
 And I'm stuntin' like my daddy, d-dr-d-drinkin' like my mama 
 C-C-country like my uncles, stutterin' like a CD in a donk 
 Bump, bump, bump, bump 
 And I'm in a blue Chevy, runnin' over motherfuckers in first 
 I ain't even shift gears yet, I ain't even here yet, I'm outta this Earth 
 Right? (Yeah ho!) But I just hit the surface 
 And I'm 'bout to walk into a bank with a shank and a black can of paint to check the clerk 
 (Where the keys?) Bitch you better take your purse! I got a brick of herb 
 And a hit to serve, and I'm feeling like I might just hit the curb 
 So get the fuck outta my way buddy you don't wanna' run around the chicken house with a heart of a puppy dog 
 Yelawolf and Eminem, shit 
 Sufferin' succotash, yeah suck a dick, bitch 
 (Verse 2: Gangsta Boo) 
 Bitch please you don't wanna step up to this Misses 
 G-A-N-G-S-T-A Boo make a nigga hit his knees when 
 I'm up in the buildin', preach it to my children 
 I don't be takin' no shit from you haters 
 You'll make me hurt one of your feelings 
 (HAHAHAHA), Nah nah ni nah nah 
 Pick your face up off the floor, I got you feelin' sad now 
 You be on that Hokiewag, Hokiewag is bullshit 
 Run into this Gangsta, have your preacher at the pulpit 
 Bitch, I was born on the Mississippi River 
 Take no shit from a bitch or a nigga 
 So so crazy gotta fucked up temper 
 Bi-pola', not Nicki I'm worser, I'll hurt ya 
 Haha, I got a crazy ass mind game 
 Ma nigga, I'm a lion, Untamed 
 Hunt ya ass down in my jungle, I do this 
 I tell them hoes, "You ain't ready for it bitch!" 
 (Verse 3: Eminem) 
 Me and Yelawolf, tear the roof 
 Off this motherfucker, you ain't got the umph 
 You're a hoof, to the foot of an elephant 
 Hello, toots, you look so eloquent, that's what I tell a cunt 
 Come sit up front 'cause you're kickin' my seat 
 And I'm tryin' to the tell the cashier what I want! 
 They say I act like an asshole, when I pull up at the White Castle 
 And I ask for an appli-cation, throw it back in her face an' 
 Tell the bitch I'm a rapper, then I wack her 
 In the head with a Whopper 
 That I bought from BK, you expect me to be proper? 
 Bitch you better pop in a CD of me immediately, slut, ho, skidda dee da da 
 Prada? not a chance, I was thinkin' about buyin' you some clothes 
 But Target was closed so I decided to mosey on over to K-Mart, but the doors 
 Was locked, what about some shoes I thought, great I suppose 
 So I go to Payless but what'dya know, they didn't carry a size 8 in HOES! 
 Oh! This is ugly boy swag, puttin' toe tags on you motherfuckin' ho bags 
 What a trailer trash pioneer, I am here, that's why I'm here 
 I don't got a rhyme book it's more like a motherfuckin' diary of diarrhea! 
 Me, Yelawolf and Gangsta Boo came here to show you a thing or two 
 'Bout sign language, middle fingers aimed at you 
 So we don't gotta SCREAM AT YOU! 
 Ow! I just bit my bottom lip, it was an accident 
 I went to go tell 'em all to go get fucked 
 But I'm never gonna bite my tongue, little bitch, throw it up 
 {Eminem} What the fuck is this? 
 White dog... 
 Yo 
 {Yelawolf} Yo, what up? 
 {Eminem} What up? 
 {Yelawolf} Uh, you do that verse? 
 {Eminem} Yeah, I just killed that shit 
 {Yelawolf} What? 
 {Eminem} Nah, nothin' 
 Um yo, you know what I was thinkin' man? 
 I think the one thing that uh... that the album don't have 
 That might be missing 
 Is like uh... a song for like, for girls 
 {Yelawolf} Uh, what do you mean? For like bitches? 
 {Eminem} Nah, girls. Like a lovesong 
 {Yelawolf} No?! 
 {Eminem} We need one! 
 {Yelawolf} Like... lovesong-lovesong? 
 {Eminem} Yeah man, bitches like love songs!