(Skit) 
 Yew, what the fuck is up? 
 Made it 
 You see that fuckin' dude try to cut me off? 
 Go up in here and get a beer 
 Another shot 
 Blues party 
 Uh, yeah. Woo woo! What up Gill? 
 What up mane? 
 Hey y'all 
 I see my boy Yelawolf comin' up in the house, mane 
 What! Look like -got his boys with him too, mane 
 Hey can you grab me a beer? 
 Is that brother Bones out there? 
 Ah, it look like DJ Klever, too, mane 
 Man, come up here and give these folks somethin' 
 I need to go get me a drink, mane 
 Let him come on, ladies and gentlemen 
 Yela, Bones, DJ Klever 
 Yo, let's freestyle some shit 
 That's right 
 Check, check, check 
 Let's go Klever 
 (*Skretches*) 
 This is Bones Owens to my right, right here 
 To my left DJ Klever 
 My name is Yelawolf 
 This is Trial By Fire 
 Uh 
 Back in 1979 it was a cold day in December 
 Mamma peeled the paint off the wall, screamin' 
 Babie's on the way 
 They rushed her to the hospital in that old Chevy truck 
 Running 90 miles an hour down them back roads 
 Blowing past the sheriff, hid in the woods, smoke bellowing off the engine 
 Running hot, must have been a sign 
 They rushed her to the emergency room 
 And barely made it to the bed 
 A few minutes later I was screaming for my first breath 
 "A little devil," the doctor said 
 He's got that look in his eye, ya know? 
 Reminds me of mischief 
 Yeah this ones gonna be trouble I can tell it 
 And then the lights went 
 Then mamma said doctor something's burning, I can smell it 
 And it was trial by fire 
 I'm just under a plane singing to burn it down 
 You better watch your step 
 When I come around 
 Damn right, uh 
 You could hear lightning for miles around 
 And oak trees hitting the ground 
 The wind tore holes on that old Dixie flag on the capitol steps 
 Change is coming, my great grand mamma said 
 Quietly clutching her Bible, sitting in a rocking chair, smoking a cigarette 
 And the wood creaked beneath the porch and the old dog moaned and cried 
 As the sirens passing by 
 And Mr. Williams brought a mean batch of that moonshine to the wake 
 You know one comes and one goes as they say 
 And they laid a flower on the grave 
 Buried on December 29th for robbing a bank 
 And killed by the police, see you in the next life old friend 
 Little did he know, his old friend was back again 
 As the son of Sheila Diane 
 And it was trial by fire 
 I'm just under a plane singing to burn it down 
 You better watch your step 
 When I come around 
 You know how the story goes, c'mon 
 See me, I'm a curious soul 
 A stray bullet to some a chatter and whisper at night and the head of a following storm, a rebel at heart, a devilish grin 
 A leader of men, a preacher at ten 
 I was already in to spiritual sin 
 Back in the saddle again 
 12s in the back of the trunk, making it rattle again 
 Giving them nothing but punk 
 Living, the baby, the babie's got powers, the baby is haunted 
 Fuck a church, I'm a confession 
 Professional, public anointed 
 Came from the wrong side of the tracks 
 Bring the wrong crowds out the back 
 Keeping these gutter dogs raised 
 With these alley way cats 
 Seen what these others can't see 
 My poetry is a reflection of ? up from the bottom 
 And climbing that fucking tree, but I brought a chainsaw 
 I come to build a house up out of it, chopping 
 Limbs off this culture, and putting soldiers up inside of it 
 Nails, brick, mortar, board up the windows 
 For the tornado, I'm a fatal blow to these honorable foes 
 Bag up the hot potato 
 And it was trial by fire 
 I'm just under a plane singing to burn it down 
 You better watch your step 
 When I come around