(Speaking) 
 Uh! Watch your step! It's no joke out here, watch your rep! 
 Ain't no joke to provoke a top seed 
 For those who smoke and they got they own weed 
 Ain't no walk in the park where I'm from 
 Dogs that bark, but they talk with they guns 
 Wasn't no unlocked doors where I stayed 
 Too much trust in the cops, you got played 
 I'm that spade in the deck to cut loose 
 Be that blade in your neck, give respect due 
 You didn't expect me to get this far 
 Now they caught the vapors, thought they learned from Bismark 
 This dark track could eclipse the sunrays 
 Hit hard raps, we should quit the gun-play 
 'Cause ain't no fun to relay the bad news 
 Our sons and nephews know that cash rules 
 For it I'll never sell the soul of Ab Rude 
 A poet of ever'one to tell the sad truth like 
 The Undi-Sputed, Heavyweight, Rudest 
 Pa-rum-pa-pom! No jargon, could ever dead, this yard mon! (Yard mon!) 
 Inside, outside, all sides 
 Seal the perimeter! I'm a lion of the pride 
 His tribe, my tribe, your tribe 
 I put it into ya! Warlords of the Flies 
 Only 9-1-1's a joke here 
 Cops don't come till machine gun smoke clears 
 Show no fear in your heart to get tested 
 Go nowhere in the dark unprotected 
 As if I gotta remind you how hectic it is 
 We all have homies that set-trip 
 They'll call for medics when the gats unleashed 
 You'll regret it if you don't make it back in one piece 
 That's how they do it no resolving the beef 
 Why Battle Axe Crew stays armed to the teeth 
 Comin' at you with them tattood physiques 
 So if you rap weak, better take a back seat 
 This is a beat that's haunting in sleep 
 It could bump in your jeep, what they want from the street 
 You could never be measured as this rude 
 Meet me up at the session to get schooled by 
 The Undi-Sputed, Heavyweight, Rudest 
 Pa-rum-pa-pom! No jargon, could ever dead, this yard mon! (Yard mon!) 
 Inside, outside, all sides 
 Seal the perimeter! I'm a lion of the pride 
 His tribe, my tribe, your tribe 
 I put it into ya! Warlords of the Flie