Man, fuck that. I've been out here all day man. Let me get one of them things, man 
 Man, bruh, I told you 'bout smoking them shits 
 Man I'm a grown ass man, fuck you talking 'bout man? Y'all niggas know I been out here all motherfucking day 
 Aight, aight. Me too nigga, fuck you mean. Let me see that shit: was just chilling -- hold on, hold on. Ay ay ay, hold on bruh, you see that nigga right there, bruh? 
 Who the fuck is that? 
 I'm telling you, man. That's fool right there 
 Naw man --- 
 Naw bruh, I been seeing this nigga, bruh, man, he acting like he been too good for the hood and shit. he don't be coming round no more. That's fool from the other side 
 Man look, bruh, this is what a nigga gon do. A nigga gon make an example out of this young nigga. Man I'm telling you, bruh, we gon capitalize. This is what we gon do. We gon sit out here. We gon make this play bro. Imma sit out on this nigga right here man. We gon get him 
 I been peepin, searching for a pussy nigga (?) WOO 
 Give me all of that or you ain't coming back nor baby boo 
 I just need it - I'm bulimic and I know it's critical 
 And I'm sorry if I up the stick and have to click on you 
 I ain't going back to jail, nigga, fuck the feds 
 If I gotta kill a nigga, gotta cut the dreads 
 Put him in his spot, nigga, run the bread 
 Before I nut up put a gun to your head 
 Z3 yeah C4, frankly I don't know 
 (?) So not no mo', cause a nigga is tired of being broke 
 And I'm tired of living at my folks 
 My old girl need some help 
 And my girlfriend bout to have a jit 
 Plus I don't want him growing up saying that he never had shit 
 Daddy never had it, but based on analysis 
 I never seen challenges, I look at his roley I know that he flashin it 
 (?) Just like I got off dialysis. Lord of the dark and violent 
 Only know (?) niggas move in silence, look that old boy yeah you shining 
 Steve got gold, and his girl got diamonds 
 Hopping in the whip, 2 niggas riding 
 We all gon die nigga fuck reclining, we all got 5 let's get behind em 
 Lets go get em 
 Who's that peeking in my window? 
 Baby, please pass the extendo 
 Hey yo, they tryna take my cheese and steelo 
 2 44s to your head, don't be a hero 
 Who's that peeking in my window? 
 Baby, please pass the extendo 
 Hey yo, they tryna take my cheese and steelo 
 2 44s to your head, don't be a hero 
 I been seeing, watching cause these niggas got it in for me 
 Flexing flashy wrists is correlating with my golden teeth 
 Diamonds all around a neck and it came with a diamond ring 
 I done seen all kind of shit, one niggas doing the finer things 
 That's why I carry the 9 on me that's a 3 x 3 extendo, that's a 10-4 
 Seen them niggas on the 191, when a nigga beef game on the 194 
 Whoa, bending corners just to see if they followed us 
 Sweating bullets, heater under my cardigan 
 These type of niggas is known to be poppin' shit 
 Deep in my thoughts, know who the prophet is 
 Tryna to take my wealth, gotta protect my wifey and my jit 
 Gotta set an example if you thinkin' I'm a walking lick 
 Never believed in lawlessness, but I could be with the shits 
 When I'm nervous its dangerous, if the police pull up then I tell 'em I'm innocent 
 They tried to run down on us, swore that the (?) 
 Lords of the dark and violent, just ended up on the pavement, quiet 
 This is the reason why niggas divided, pray to the lord I don't get indicted 
 See me all the way to a right to silence, dead on the ground now he's a carcass 
 That's our guy, nigga, that's our target 
 Let's go get em 
 Who's that peeking in my window? 
 Baby, please pass the extendo 
 Hey yo, they tryna take my cheese and steelo 
 2 44s to your head, don't be a hero 
 Who's that peeking in my window? 
 Baby, please pass the extendo 
 Hey yo, they tryna take my cheese and steelo 
 2 44s to your head, don't be a hero 
 (Calling backup, calling backup, calling back up right now 
 We got (?) on the ground right now 
 Dread locks, black tee, (?) right now 
 Suspect is in a white Porsche 
 2 other suspects in the vehicle 
 Please follow them, we got a problem now) 
 Ay yo, when I see that nigga again, foo, he ain't gon get away from what the fuck he did to my dog nigga. I don't give a fuck if the nigga is flashing. imma take his shit, fuck his bitch, kill his jit. that's what I'm gon say. that's all it is. knotty headed ass niggas out here bruh. we all we got, woo-woo. WOO-WOO. that's all we got 
 Woo-woo