Blackout - C-Rayz Walz ft. The Angel and The Preacher 
 Triple Bodypass, Put it on my tab America 
 We're Black And We Wanna Be White (x3) 
 All Night, All Right, All High 
 We're Black And We Wanna Be White (x3) 
 All Night, All Right, All High 
 I'm black wanna Be white, For the first time in my life I wanna be right. 
 I know this is wrong, I didn't accuse, they frisk me at night. 
 I know what it is, hand me the light, If I was marco I'd be invisible to pig's sight 
 I'm black wanna be white, well dressed, speakin' polite, Self stressed, livin' a lie, well I guess... it's the life. 
 All the dudes I paid, I wanna be DUDE in the shade, rockin' hard like I was raised in the rays... RAYZ 
 Got the vocab, that made most mad, when I spoke like brad, is it bad?, I think, drink, joke, and smoke like that. 
 Keekin' trees, 3 back seats, and all corners, raised by murders and mourners... Ye 
 I'm gunna be the shit at the meeting statistically speaking. 
 Playing god for the wicked, with Ralph Lauren, Christopher, and Keenan. 
 When the Ike be weighin's, the scales brake, you can deny me payment, 
 Well all right, I'm all white... I'll finnaly make it. 
 We're White But We Wanna Be Black (x3) 
 Fight Back, Like This, Like That 
 We're White But We Wanna Be Black (x3) 
 Fight Back, Like This, Like That 
 White wanna black, the darken attached, just hauntin these gats, 
 Drunk... start to laugh. 
 My complex is like caught like caught in my dad, 
 I respect you you started the fad, I got no problems wit that. 
 But. 
 How would you feel if you lived in the village, and were told all you ancestors did was steal, kill, and pillage. 
 I'm no, niether my past, one grown of the gods, anonymous tags. 
 Birgen bestowed, I wanna escape, I don't have it made 'cause of my skin, it's just not the case. 
 Family don't understand artistic views, Feel like DAMMIT, why I have to live with fools. 
 I did me, fuck what I did in school, to live free, feels like forbidden fruit. 
 I'm shackeled, need my gene pool, but it's all scattered 
 Call devil 'cause y'all need food, It don't matter. 
 We're Black And We Wanna Be White (x3) 
 All Night, All Right, All High 
 We're White But We Wanna Be Black (x3) 
 Fight Back, Like This, Like That 
 If you black, wit a degree, and you work, and got a happy family, they say you wanna be WHITE. 
 If you white, with dressed, smoke weed, listen to rap, and live free, they say you wanna be BLACK. 
 There's nothing in between, so there medium means, 
 You double excel on smallville, and dinner is beans. 
 There's two classes, the rich and the poor, everybody else, RUN WILD IN THE HALLS. 
 I envy long standin' traditions, tensions starts for what you do to me for dissin', 
 The past is done, and was never my ambition, and now I owe grant for that same can for pissin, 
 'Cause some of my people, poverty stricin', 
 Sleepin' in the same spot, that they probably shit in. 
 Kill you, Kill You, In Alaska for some gold, Still view, as master of the glow. 
 We're Black And We Wanna Be White (x3) 
 All Night, All Right, All High 
 Submited: Grubbzz