Here I come, you know where I'm from 
 Do the math, son, I originate with the drums 
 Native tongues lounging, my third eye's beyond browsing 
 Swam nine thousand, woke up on the shores of project housing 
 Genesis, wide wingspan like Pegasus 
 My gym effortless for turntable terrorists 
 88 hip hop, certified for net murder 
 Snatch you out the chat room, smack your server 
 Bug Out poster child, approach the wild calmly 
 Let 'em think I'm Gandhi, then transform to Genghis Khan, see? 
 Baby, I bop, so you love me like Barney 
 Kiss my honeymoon, then spaz out like Mark Carney 
 Energy solar, battle moe, froze polar 
 Balance the scales to be some shit, green told y'all 
 Big mics fo y'all, my crew Stronghold, y'all 
 One two three four five, that's the roll call 
 Roll call, roll call, roll call... 
 I make 'em study, thirty-five to fifty years 
 Strained brains become bloody, eyes swiftly tear 
 Risky peers become queer, you can't diss me 
 I know who I be like Bizzy 
 Chief rocking, keep watching, soon you'll turn to stone 
 I got Medusa's head in an Iceberg bag at home 
 Mama said life's like a bag of chocolates (Why?) 
 It'll make you sick if you don't watch it... 
 You're styles' toy, my homeboy is God Rally 
 Smack wack emcees like they stepped on my Ballies [New Balance] 
 The roof's on fire? Let it burn, hot shit 
 From the foundation, I learned y'all can't rock shit 
 I get busy on topics, you propless 
 I get J.U. Ice when I drop it 
 You ain't def, step, you pet breathe Karma 
 Your upside down peace sign's the V-Bomber... 
 On battle stage, I shapeshift my mouth to grenades 
 My hands razor blades, invisible ink 
 You will never page, I'm splashing 
 Except when I'm gone, you remember the pain of what happened 
 Super rapping, like collabos with Batman and Mack 10 
 Skull cracking, back smacking, for track acting 
 Make you traffic, grey matter in gridlock 
 I'm a nutty professor, you a nigga with shitlocks 
 Hip hop, ain't been to sleep in three days 
 Dreams of spray cans, B-girls and DJs 
 Gold chain, cocaine before a crack rock 
 Coleco before a laptop, flicks in front the backdrop... 
 We off the muscle, keep the meat rack, speak fact 
 Anything less than truth; you keep that 
 Weak cats, pull your seat back and kick your feet up 
 Listen to the beat, black, now watch me heat up 
 Me and plain pat contact on the same track 
 Modern day slaves yelling: "give me my brain back!" 
 Raps contain facts like maps of pyramids 
 But I'll cut your ears off, 'cause you ain't hearing it... 
 Vivid how I paint this, Rayz and green dealing 
 High degrees of patience, stay casing 
 Justice the Janitor, life is high maintenance 
 Foul flagrant, winer of the ancients, smell the fragrance 
 Titanium wristband, back stroke in quicksand 
 Iron fist, velvet glove slid on my brick hand 
 My Nike swish land right over my Nick Vans 
 Excel, laid back in Hell with a kickstand 
 Study they movement, like blind ninjas, infrasensor 
 Niggas got on sandals, in the middle of the winter 
 Stuck on six, like chicks, bitch slow your dick tip 
 Flip sick scripts, can't even hold your shit liquids 
 Fresh enough to make a dope feind close the vien 
 Tear my shirt off, just to expose my chain 
 You know my name, knowledge actions, now 
 I wanna cry, but I'm so happy I can't frown 
 Like I wanna throw God on the ground 
 Pick him back up and start laughin' 
 Run through times square flashin 
 Blasting, just to see cypher's reactions 
 Then disappear, like flesh after years in the casket 
 A-ha-ha... C Rayz Walz!...in the house... recognize my crew 
 Stronghold... 
 Y'all niggas getting gloss in the Porshe and got robbed 
 My style fucks your head up, like elevators blowjobs 
 Go to jail, while I'm in the streets eatin 
 Hotel suite beatin', rhyme releasin 
 Your styles like Rome, I ancient ruin it 
 You talk about gats on tracks, who doing that? 
 Squirtin, don't be the next missing person 
 First in, Howling like Thirstin while you rehearsing 
 Maury Povich covering fag rap aerobics 
 Your sneakers wrinkle, my eyes twinkle on some glow shit 
 Blow with angels, conversate with culprits, blaze form 
 Analyze stars like Lloyd Strayhorn 
 Floss and get your papers lost like beef with the prison boss, 
 On a crash collision course in a drunk driven Porsche 
 Picture me in a box bleeding, corrupt reasons 
 Crush emcess like fuck truck season 
 What you believe in?, thank god if you still breathin 
 'Cause I roll like [ ? ] 
 What y'all trying to do, we already did it 
 Your weekly sum equals new kicks and fitteds 
 Spit blizzard, for my brethren in prison 
 That chick, you stick it?, get your ass in the clinic 
 I vision myself, taking no shorts like bar midgets 
 Speak physics, conjugate a picnic 
 The gifted, politic and rhyme money shipment 
 Royalties, cop more war equipment 
 Roll with the ghetto fitness, knuckle swiftness, relentless 
 Quickness, blink and you missed it 
 C-Rayz Walz in your district 
 Stronghold! FUCK EMCEES WITH NO MIC CONTROL!