Yo what's down? 
 Yo I'm concentrating on ignoring shit 
 Know what I'm saying? 
 Yo we just comin' back from not going 
 Ah yo for real you know what time it's not? 
 Yo hypodermically inverted 
 This is my man (??) 
 (Verse 1 - C-Rayz Walz) 
 I'm not new to this 
 I'm true to this 
 Fuck foolishness 
 The buddah mist got you pussies open like a uterous 
 So strage and plain 
 Like thought without the brain 
 Fire without the flame 
 Mad tracks without the train 
 So what's the dell? 
 (What?) Oh I mean what's the deal 
 Or tell me how you felt 
 Better yet how you feel 
 I'm hot and cold 
 Old at the same time classic 
 Eatin' so much hot sauce I piss acid and burn bastards 
 On purpose I invert this 
 Deep but still can't get past the surface 
 I'm worshipped still in all I'm worthless 
 I'm so rich I'm broke bitch 
 Now quote this 
 You could be Janet Jackson or Janet Jackme 
 But all a hoe can ask me is "What time is it daddy?" 
 You couldn't go One D if this was D One 
 See son, I fight evil gins fuck Segrum 
 Rhyme doublin' 
 Switch account bank bubblin' 
 My team huddelin' 
 Spit rounds you start coverin' 
 I'm for rumblin', jugglin' 
 Shine mine 
 Hustlin' with addrenaline 
 Going out just to get it 
 (Verse 2 - C-Rayz Walz) 
 I'm surrounded by the earth 'cause I'm shinin' son 
 When I see a knife I'm like ya'iight where's the gun? 
 You say take a walk to the store, I start to run 
 Goin' straight to the top, Understand where I'm comin' from? 
 Soon to bust oh I mean soon to burst 
 Search the universe, my verse like the black holes outskirts 
 I'm so perfect at the same time worthless 
 Eyeing the prize, when I get it will I deserve it? 
 Rights of passage versus knights of savage 
 Dark damp rusty nails with clamps (????) 
 We'll return once you in it orange juice flow 
 Maybe in a minute 
 Walk the head like hats in court 
 Blast hip hop shots like gun sport 
 Give nuff thoughts to mad shit that never enter my mind 
 Quickly taking my time 
 Walking crooked in a straight line 
 Broke the weak links and hearded through the grape vine 
 (Verse 3 - C-Rayz Walz) 
 I'm the MC in the club that stole your Source magazine 
 Took your tip from the bar and splashed the whole scene 
 Visions of me fucking fat chicks on linguini 
 Nuttin' fast flashed then disappearing like a genie 
 Get head from a midget 
 Juggle six smoke bombs 
 Under the sprinkler system in the US pentagon 
 Like acid on pussy I bubble skins 
 I'm attracted to sisters with big lips and double chins 
 Trouble ends when the pen hits the paper then 
 I'm an executive fashion like maturbation in a sky scrapper 
 My tongue spit impact with more force than gun clips 
 All these lame nigga's in the game yellin' they run shit 
 Flows cross the border 
 I'll combat and slaughter 
 So extreme I could drown your whole team with a drop of water