Part i: "d.t.b." 
 What the fuck I'm supposed to fall in love with you? 
 Bitch, I should've never even... 
 What the fuck I'm supposed to fall in love with you? 
 Bitch, I should've never even fucked with you 
 Trust issues, that shit made me feeluncomfortable 
 I should've never made you feel like I was stuck with you 
 You ever had somebody say that they was down for you? 
 They made it feel so real like they really down for you 
 They clown on you every time they turn around on you 
 They not loyal, they happy they looking down on you 
 You really jacking you don't fuck with me 
 Now I feel like you never kept it a buck with me 
 You saying I ain't the daddy that would be luckily 
 I'm hoping that ain't my baby that shit gon' fuck with me 
 You had me looking like a clown, bitch 
 That other nigga gon' fuck up running his mouth, bitch 
 How I fuck him up and drown him in a fountain 
 Leave that lil nigga somewhere in the mountains 
 But now I'm like "What the fuck, nigga" 
 I love money I don't love bitches 
 Fuck bitches, D.T.B, no I don't trust bitches 
 Fuck bitches, D.T.B, no I don't trust bitches 
 No kissing and even hugging 
 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love with them 
 Fuck bitches, D.T.B, no I don't trust bitches 
 Fuck bitches, D.T.B, no I don't trust bitches 
 What the fuck I'm supposed to fall in love with you? 
 Bitch, I just wanted to fuck with you 
 Thought you was cool to kick it, probably get lunch with you 
 I never meant for shit to get so fucking comfortable 
 Yeah niggas told you they was down for you 
 But when you fucked up, nigga they not around for you 
 They say they with it to ride a hundred thou for you 
 They clown on you as soon as they turn around on you 
 I salute ya, you took my bitch and you scooped her 
 I'm a loser, I feel like a fucking loser 
 Fuck the rumors 'cause I passed her back to ya 
 Ran through her then I passed her back to ya 
 Ha! But now I'm feeling like I'm, Ha! 
 Fuck bitches, I don't trust bitches 
 Fuck bitches, D.T.B, no I don't trust bitches 
 Love bitches, na 
 Now I'm like what the fuck nigga 
 I don't wanna fall in love with it 
 I love money I don't love bitches 
 Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches 
 Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches 
 Fuck bitches, my nigga we don't fuck with ya 
 My nigga we don't fuck with ya 
 Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches 
 Fuck bitches. fuck bitches, fuck bitches 
 My nigga we don't fuck with ya 
 My nigga we don't fuck with ya 
 Fuck bitches, D.T.B, no I don't trust bitches 
 Fuck bitches, D.T.B, no I don't trust bitches 
 PART II: "Interlude" 
 I love money I don't love bitches 
 Fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches, fuck bitches 
 My nigga we don't fuck... wit ya 
 So why you fuck wit us? 
 I believed in you, should've told me you had a seed in you 
 This whole time you was frontin' and I ain't see it in you 
 Now I'm thinkin' what was you doin' when I ain't sleep with you 
 Now your tooth brush is my new Jordan cleanup 
 I know who the Ten is, you not Serena 
 You was supposed to be my dream girl, two-seater 
 For me and you in a Beemer 
 But now you showed me not to love bitches 
 Now you showed me not to trust bitches 
 Fuck bitches, just hit it, never run wit it 
 Hit the blunt 
 Forget about it when the blunt hit ya 
 Who did it? Bitch you did it 
 Really thought that I was losin' it, now I'm losin' 
 Ever since I been in school, they been pick and choosing 
 I don't know how I go through wit it, I go through wit it 
 This is stupid 
 But who the fuck am I to judge bitches? 
 I guess I never knew how to love bitches 
 Fuck bitches. Fuck bitches, Fuck bitches 
 My nigga we don't fuck... wit ya 
 So why you fuck wit us 
 Fuck bitches, fuck bitches