(Feat. Erykah Badu) 
 (Common (with Badu singing in background)) 
 Yeah... wanna feel the vi-ah-hi-hibe 
 Wanna feel the vibe, wanna feel the vi-ibe! 
 Uh... wanna, what? Yeah 
 Wanna, what? Uh, yeah (come on) 
 Every-bod', c'mon, uh 
 Yo, yo... (all night long) 
 (Common) 
 Durin divine hours, I use mind power to refine 
 Flour/flower girls, and make 'em feel like black pearls 
 Get they minds off acryllic nails and the rap world 
 It's a lot you can find in the lost black girl 
 Made signs built in lodges, we be in garages 
 Discussin who we boned and who God is 
 Pro-black like Craig Hodges with my dashikis in the cleaners 
 I kick it for the Chevy ridin' head to backstreet leaners 
 (Erykah Badu (with Common)) 
 Allllll... (uh) niiiiiight... (yeah yeah, what?) [HAH] 
 Allllll... [HUH, UHH] niiiiiight... (whatcha say now Bee, what?) 
 Allllll... (yeah, yeah yeah) niiiiiight... [AOW! Aoww-owwww] 
 (To freak it with the) Allllll... (now let me get a piece of this) 
 (Let me get a piece Bee) niiiiiight... 
 (Common) 
 Check it, check it 
 I was born underwater with three dollars and a cocktail 
 Tryin' to make the Garden of Eden, out of Auckdale and Rockwell 
 Lock'd in this Grid like a Tupac tale 
 While her-on rock smells make the cops tail 
 My third eye is my rail, on this L of thought 
 With afrocentric stamps I'm mailin thoughts 
 To my Gods held in court 
 I dwell where rebellion's taught, and emotions seldom walk 
 I try to Walk Like an Egyptian, but Hieroglyphics fail to talk 
 I guess the hustlin is the unspoken Gospel 
 Love that I'm an apostle, feel the holy spirit of Chicago 
 E Bottom, here's the bottle 
 I think I, need a cup of a tea, because I'm novel 
 (Come on bay-bay) Bust it 
 (Erykah Badu) 
 Iah jus' wanna rock you 
 Alllllll night looooong 
 Allllllll (come on bay-bay) 
 All night long... all night long... 
 All night long... on and on and on and onnnn (come on bay-bay) 
 Iah jus' wanna rock you (all night long) 
 Alllllll night looooong (all night long) 
 Allllllll (on and on and on and onnnn) [HAH, UH-HUH] 
 Iah (all night long) jus' wanna rock you (all night long) 
 Alllllll night looooong (all night long) 
 {What? yo-yo, yo-yo yo-yo check it, check it} 
 On and on and on and onnnn 
 (Common) 
 A portrait of the Artist, formerly known as Sense 
 The brain-wash, with my vocal tones I rinses 
 Opportunity and the beat knocks 
 Women, give me rhythm like beatbox, but it's the year 
 Of completion, I want a Queen to complete Rash' 
 Who's flavored from stacks, to Reeboks 
 Send blessings to the family of Ice Mike 
 Shit like that, don't help me write right, but I got site/sight 
 Like a destruction worker, when it's time to build 
 Get off like Sam Jack' and it's +Time to Kill+ 
 In perseverance I'ma find a meal, and provoke 
 My Gramps used to trick off big papers at the Riverboat 
 It go... 
 (Erykah Badu (with Common)) 
 Allllll... niiiiiight... all night 
 Allllll... niiiiiight... you got it goin' all night 
 Allllll... niiiiiight... y'know, y'know it all night 
 Allllll... niiiiiight... oahahhhoahhoh (yeah, yeah) 
 (Erykah Badu) 
 Iah jus' wanna rock you (one more time) 
 Alllllll night looooong, oahhhhoh (ebb in feelings) 
 Iah jus' wanna rock you (I ain't sleeping) 
 Alllllll night looooong (all night long) 
 On and on and on and onnnn 
 (Common) 
 Check it 
 I walk downtown to tempos and never lose the beat 
 Some people got ignorance confused with bein street 
 On the, street of desire my body and soul meet 
 Arguin over thick broads and meals with no meat 
 Had the cold feet for a second 
 Mega-niggaz in my box throwin' suggestions 
 Had me checkin' myself and double checkin', I popped the +Resurrection+ 
 In the mirror I only heard my reflection 
 Let me hold mics, while you hold dicks and CD collections 
 And at MusicLand and Coop's, we can make connections 
 I meditate with confidence, to not chomp on cents 
 Outspoken like 30's but yet I guard my lips 
 Writin niggaz with stripes, I hold posture with 
 Poppin' shit to fat broads, wearin os-trich 
 Givin' 'em voicemail, tracks are like County 
 To them I voice-jail/gel, if you believe in Heaven 
 Why is the choice Hell? Why is this choice Hell? 
 Why is this choice Hell? 
 (Erykah Badu) 
 Iah jus' wanna rock you 
 Alllllll night looooong, oahhhhoh (keep goin') 
 Iah jus' wanna rock you (keep goin', keep goin', keep on) 
 (And don't you give up) Alllllll night looooong (ah keep on, ah keep on) 
 Ooahhhoah (ah keep on, ah keep... ah don't you give up) 
 Iah (all night long) jus' wanna rock you (all night long) 
 Alllllll night looooong (if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) 
 On and on and on and onnnnnnnnnn (keep it goin' baby) 
 (If you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) 
 Iah jus' wanna rock you (all night long) 
 Alllllll night looooong (if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) 
 (All night long) On and on and on and onnnnnnnn 
 Alllllll (if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) niiiiiiiight 
 Alllllll (and if you want it you can have it lay upon my rest) niiiiiiight 
 Alllllll niiiiiiiiight 
 Alllllll niiiiiiiiight 
 Alllllll niiiiiiiiight 
 Alllllll (don't stop now) niiiiiiiiight (no no no, no, uh-uh) 
 Alllllll (you bet' not stop) niiiiiiiiight 
 Alllllll niiiiiiiiight 
 Yeah... Common Sense, and Baduuuu