(Feat. Bilal, Jill Scott) 
 Chorus: Bilal, Jill Scott 
 All right... Okay [4X'] 
 All right... We'll make it funky for you now 
 (Common) 
 I'm a child of the ah - The 87 ah 
 From the streets - Get on a beat and go ah 
 I could break it down like whatever ya ah 
 On some K-R-S be here forever type unh 
 You-you-you-you know you shouldn't rhyme like unh 
 Let them pussy niggas get in your mind like unh 
 Baby boy you could do it take your time do it... 
 If you get the chance 
 To be a man in a b-boy stance and advanced from the go 
 I'll trace outer space with a unh 
 The baby-sitter of styles - I've traveled miles with 
 Bitches and... I've traveled miles with... 
 I've traveled miles with bitches and brew the ritual 
 Of the real unh 
 Your platinum but real unh's don't feel you 
 You sampled real unh's and then filtered 
 I'm built to last - at last I'm free 
 The Roots and SV be the family tree 
 SV and the Roots be the family tree 
 The Roots and SV and the tree is unh 
 Come on 
 As long as it's funky... all right... okay [yeah] 
 As long as it's funky... all right 
 As long as it's funky... all right... okay 
 As long as it's funky... funky for you now 
 I style for the oh - wild for the oh 
 Baby girl let's go half on a child for the oh 
 Lick shot's pop lock and blaow for the ooh 
 Like Ra-I'll move a crowd for the oh 
 You talkin' loud but ain't sayin' oh 
 Trickin' paper on a unh... Captain Save-a-oh 
 I've never been... the type of nigga... 
 To take... a broad to the courts 
 As a shorty I was always into sports 
 Now I talk to drums and walk in slums and thoughts that's oh 
 Instinct to hustle-divided by the struggle 
 Plus a couple of scuffle's and up to high shuffle 
 Even when it sound muffled... 
 I bust through... narrow gates... 
 With king-sized thoughts that's sparrow shaped 
 Before I came up I had to elevate 
 Let a nigga move where he wanna move up to 
 You don't like how I'm livin'... well fuck oh 
 I stuck to what I was on... a star is born on a cusp 
 Many angel's fell to the dust 
 Leavin' me to trust... only a oh 
 Leavin' me to trust y'all only a oh 
 Leavin' me to trust in a - ah oh oh oh 
 Oh 
 Yo 
 Chorus: repeat 4X 
 As long as it's funky [yeah] 
 All right... okay 
 Let your... imagination... dance to the... 
 Dance to the... dance to the hey 
 Like nobody's watchin in a b-boy stance to the hey 
 I'm funky like Africans in France to the hey 
 Yo hey... kick in the bass you... 
 Chasin paper like a bitch in a race 
 Spit on or death, I still ain't picked up the ace 
 The hundred... styles I run with thick in the race 
 So let's oh... yeah unh hunh