Geto heaven part two 
 God bless... 
 (D'angelo) 
 Hmmmmm..., doo doooo, doo doooo, yeah..., yeah..., ooh 
 Know I love my baby, my baby loves me 
 Layin in some heaven, need a little company 
 Let's go into a heaven, time to get some geto heaven 
 Geto... 
 Searchin for a love, throughout the ghetto 
 Young girls is thick, righteousness is narrow 
 I got my third, eye on the sparrow 
 Want my peoples straight and rock sweet apparrel 
 The mother of my child, we not together 
 Baby it's your back, I got forever 
 As the weather, talks to us 
 Him rockin' the holy spirit walks through us 
 The blunted eyes of the youth search for a guide 
 A thug is a lost man in disguise 
 The rise and fall, of a nation, even when the buildings tumble 
 I still stand tall, I walk through the valley, wit a life preserver 
 Feelin' at times, that I might just murder 
 Yo but that ain't what I was sent for 
 I want folks to say his life it meant more 
 Than any car, any rock, or any broad 
 He found geto heaven in himself and god 
 (D'angelo) 
 Geto heaven... 
 Standin in some geto heaven 
 Geto heaven... 
 Standin in some geto heaven 
 Geto... 
 Love, your happiness don't begin wit a man 
 Strong woman, why should you depend on a man 
 I understand you want a man that's resourceful 
 If he pay your bills, he feel like he bought you 
 Talkin' to a friend, about what love is 
 Her man didn't love her, 'cause he didn't love his 
 Hugged her from afar, said what I felt 
 You never find a man, till you find yourself 
 Time helps mistakes, you can learn from 
 'Cause one man fucked up men you shouldn't turn from 
 You want a certain type of guy, gotta reach a certain point too 
 At the destination, a king will anoint you 
 Goin' through the storm, many bodies stay warm 
 That relationship died, for you to be born, you worth more 
 Than anything you could cop in a store 
 For you to grow he had to go so what you stoppin' him for 
 Not even I could ignore bein alone it's hard 
 Find heaven in yourself and god 
 (D'angelo) 
 I know I love my baby 
 My baby loves me 
 I'm layin in some heaven, need a little company, yeah 
 It's twenty four seven, time to get some geto heaven 
 Time to get some geto heaven 
 Geto heaven, geto heaven 
 It's time to get some geto heaven 
 Time to get some geto heaven, oh... 
 This music is so much bigger than me 
 As far as happy, yo it's like a trigger to me 
 Dealin' with crab rappers, and groupie broads 
 Record execs, at times it do be hard 
 But to choose words, and be heard across waters 
 Doin' something you like to support daughters 
 Keepin' your guys who collectin court orders 
 Conveyin messages that the ancestors brought us 
 Thought of things to say to become the end thing for the day 
 Somehow, that didn't seem the way for me to make it 
 Music is a gift that is sacred 
 I hope you didn't use it hopin you could grow to it 
 Whether servin' or a surgeon, you gon go through it 
 Can't imagine goin' through it, without soul music 
 It's like donnie ? half? helped me see lonnie's ? fath? 
 On my behalf, let's take whole steps to a ? ho tep? 
 And show depth, as we make people nod 
 Find heaven in this music and god 
 Find heaven in this music and god 
 Find heaven in this music and god 
 (D'angelo) 
 Geto heaven 
 Geto heaven 
 Geto heaven, yeah, yeah 
 Geto heaven, my baby 
 Geto heaven, my baby 
 Geto heaven, my baby 
 Geto heaven, my baby 
 Geto heaven, my baby...