(Feat. Pharell Williams) 
 (Common) 
 Yeah! Hah! Yeah, we got, come on 
 Y'all cats know the abstract nigga with the attitude 
 Pass the booze, and let's build on it 
 I'm rolling in a Cadillac with the grill fronted 
 I ain't even smoke no bowl but I feel blunted 
 Yo I'm tokin' on the freedom 
 Stepping to the A.M., cats be tokin' in the P.M. 
 Tell the players I'm the G.M. 
 Told my team let me get my plays straight and I'ma feed them 
 They need me like I need them 
 See the streets is bleedin' 
 Had to meet with my mind and ? to be defined and 
 Stay on my climb 
 I'm grinding, until I get blue balls 
 Everyday, same shit, new stall 
 Don't make me act like where I come from 'cause it's brutal 
 There's a place that to run from it if you neutral 
 Hustlers and vogues, customers and smokes 
 I kiss the sky feeling high off the stuff that I wrote 
 I want to ride in my car, smoke my weed 
 Keep my head high, let the chrome spin 
 I got the right to feel hood 
 I got the right to feel high 
 I got the right to feel hood 
 I got the right to feel high 
 (Common) 
 I'm the only cat in hip hop that can go into a thrift shop 
 Connect, get up to the ghetto and get props 
 If you gonna get that kick-a-box 
 Make sure that ? not 
 If you gonna get that glock don't be scared to big shot 
 Hip Hop is changin', y'all want me to stay the same? 
 Sorta like Barkley on how I see the game 
 I recognize game like a scout 
 Ayo, I'm bound to wreck your lady as I turn your lady out 
 I ain't about that 
 Messing with no other man's women 
 Because of jealousy then a man go under 
 Understand a man and his mental 
 Listening to Joan Mitchell 
 With the fan and the window 
 Can it be so simple then? 
 I rock Rockports, you rock Timberlands 
 I want a Rover, but I'm thinking long range 
 I ain't switch over, I just made my own lane 
 (Common) 
 Like a pimp to a ho, I connect to the track 
 I feel it in my neck and my back 
 A thug came to me, said it changed his life 
 Said the love of his life, he used to bang to the light 
 I'm trying to do better 
 I ain't claiming Mister Right 
 I'm a grown man, I'm too old to fist-fight 
 I stay on point like trick dice 
 Tweaking like the sound man who need to switch mic 
 Sounding bitch like 
 I know the block is hot, but we just can't get ice 
 When our children's children sit nice? 
 I sing the song to make the fiend's strong 
 King Kong ain't got shit on me 
 I train days to rip emcees, I'm peaking 
 But I still gotta get that cheese 
 You on some monkey ball damn chimpanzees 
 Mobbin' through the Chi-Town to feel the breeze yo