(Feat. Laetitia Sadier of Stereolab) 
 Yeah! The war zone. Who you fighting for? 
 (Verse 1: Common) 
 It's funk to rhythm and punk to rock 
 Loud like shot that come from a glock 
 Pick up your mind, run from the spot 
 Revolution jumping in the parking lot 
 Shit is so hot that the sun watch 
 Children by the window with the gun cocked 
 They could get robbed and stop the luck (?) 
 Monkeys dance around for MTV spots 
 I lock into a... 
 Rock into a rhythm of street and ancient wisdom 
 Experiment in stereo loud so crank the system 
 For the humble on the path I paint a vision 
 How far will a nigga go just for attention 
 And to be remembered, you forgot the mission 
 Listen! 
 (Chorus: Laetitia Sadier) 
 All traces of life 
 In our gats we carry 
 That's used to dress humanity 
 (Common: it's a New Wave, Come on!) 
 A desire for 
 Universality 
 The fuse that starts reality 
 (Common: it's a New Wave, Dig it!) 
 Enough with violence 
 Domination agree 
 The time to greet equality? 
 (Common: it's a New Wave, Come on!) 
 This life is precious 
 It's goddamn marvelous 
 Before it really ever ends 
 (Common: Come on! Come on!) 
 (Verse 2: Common) 
 I lay terror in this era like Che Guevera 
 For the people to make or wait it's better 
 In a room called real I stay forever 
 Everyday I lose something I gain forever 
 Meditate on how I can change the weather 
 My brainstorm for some it's like (?) umbrella 
 Where bullets and lies both spray together 
 My mind scream like Al Green "Let's Stay Together" 
 How could a nigga be so scared of change 
 That's what you hustle for, for the currency exchange 
 Y'all rich, we could beef curry in the game 
 Out your mouth, ain't nobody hurrying my name 
 You seen what happened when the Com go BANG 
 Wouldn't have a shot, even at a gun range 
 Seen hype become fame against the grain become main-stream 
 It all seems mundane in the scope of thangs 
 (Verse 3: Common) 
 From a land of shit talk, boy stars and pitch forks 
 Didn't really see white until I went North 
 Getting bent on backyards, wishing in the air for a black god 
 Where people fix cars and clap hard 
 And look to the stars for rap jobs 
 I walk through the black fog with reflectors on my boots 
 Smelling war near, I'm connected with the troops 
 That master anger and ain't afraid to shoot 
 Through poured liquor fallen angels they salute (Whew! Whew!) 
 Feel the wind blow 
 A new wave- people with their hair trimmed low 
 It's two ways living in this world of techno 
 This age can't really save the ghetto 
 I pause for the rebels who rock heavy metals 
 And tell them that they're pharoh so let go 
 Come on!