(Common) 
 Yo... I don't know what was on y'all niggaz birds (?) 
 To go up to the boat - and start robbin old folks 
 Now see you done messed with the wrong old lady 
 You done went wild; yo, check it... 
 There was a Hardy Boy mystery I tried to solve again 
 Dude that broke in my crib - it wasn't involvin him 
 Four in the mornin, my phone ringin' 
 I'm thinkin', "Who da fuck is this," on the other line screamin 
 Told em, "Keep (?) down," but they was breathin hard 
 It was my grandmother tellin' me that she had been robbed 
 I told her hold (hold) tight (tight), I'd be right over 
 Freezin but this situation made the night colder 
 Knew this was the night (that what?) that she played poker 
 With some friends in a club at the boat gettin' bub' 
 Said she seen these thugs on the boat for a while (uh) 
 Not gamblin but every now and then they'd smile 
 Then BLAOW! They had (?) Mag's 
 And told everybody, "Put your shit in the bag" 
 Made people strip naked, quicker than a Luke record (what?) 
 Had the place took in a minute and some seconds 
 Asked her how many of it was em? (How many of it was em?) 
 Said she couldn't remember 
 She was spooked and buzzin, couldn't describe em 
 Cause it happened too fast (what?) said they looked like me 
 With they pants hangin' off they ass 
 Got her some water - and begin to think 
 How these niggaz take her wig, her bracelet and her mink? 
 Somebody round the crib know the deal (uh) 
 Whoever did it better have Blue Shield for real 
 Cause yo, it's the big payback... 
 {*Cuts 'n' scratches*, Com ad-libs} 
 (Common) 
 Later that day I went to the 'shop, to see what was up 
 Them niggaz probably knew somethin' plus I needed a cut 
 Walked in they was playin' Jigga (jih-gga..) 
 Discussin how Da Brat titties done got bigger 
 These niggaz next to me, was talkin' 'bout the heist 
 Whoever did it even got Jordan for his ice 
 Said that it was done so precise the cops ain't know nut-nin 
 Had to use all my might not to ask no questions 
 Put down the magazine, went to the pop machine 
 Noticin these cats, had the Bling Bling 
 They wouldn't be talkin' if they did it; it could be they team 
 A week ago neither one of these niggaz had a ring 
 This Hype (?) came in, sellin CD's; said the BD's 
 Was braggin bout robbery they had done 
 By now, I'm thinkin' bout my gun if I see gramps bracelet 
 I'ma play racist (and what?) and make niggaz run 
 It's the big payback... 
 {*Cuts 'n' scratches*, Com ad-libs} 
 (Common) 
 My imagination roamed as I got in the chair 
 Thinkin' - when shit went down, I was I was there 
 Fuckin' with fam' - who you are, I don't care 
 Have your guys pourin liquor witch'ya name in they swear 
 These chicks claim they was there, knew the niggaz who done it 
 Said it was Smoke and them from the Wild 100's 
 Eight million stories got me runnin' in place, it's gettin' tricky 
 (Like who?) like dude, that do drum'n'bass 
 There was a air in the place, that made me suspicious 
 Normally, they'd be talkin' like bitches 
 My barber cut me with a quickness (what?) 
 Asked him where he got the new bracelet; 
 He said it was his sister's - I knew then 
 What made it official, he gave me my change 
 The money clip had gramp's initials (c'mon) 
 As I, whooped his ass up, six niggaz masked up 
 Pulled up in a Cadillac truck {*gunfire*} 
 (Police scanner) 
 ... Three-alarm fire ?? and a possible homicide 
 The building is entitled "The Ultimate Barbershop" 
 There are six unidentified bodies in the building 
 They are all presumed dead 
 I repeat they are all presumed dead 
 However there are no suspects 
 I repeat the subjects are at large 
 We might need some backup... 
 Inform O'Malley that we need backup, over... 
 The skit definitely needs more ?? added to it 
 Plus a new writer for the script, thank you... 
 Someone get Prince Paul on the phone please...