Are you gonna play any music or do you just want me to rap? 
 Okay 
 Hey, hey old bean 
 And you to baby sweetness 
 I just dropped by the studio, see what my son does 
 My main man, my son Common Sense 
 They used to call me no sense 
 Now they say I got plenty sense, about six thousand years of it 
 You know, I'm just checking him out 
 See what's going on, 'cause I'm always sitting around telling him about 
 What we used to do back in our hood, you know 
 We used to be down and run this town and it was all at PC Pub 
 You know, and I'm shaking and they working on it, and they bringing it back 
 I see harmony, understanding 
 And they working on that love thing too 
 'Cause they be down with it, you know? 
 Now I hear them saying things like, "Whoa, I get a good feeling" 
 I be saying "Keep it up 
 Keep on moving with your groove, you're going the right way" 
 'Cause it's got to be in your heart 
 And I can tell by your beat you got it 
 See there, I can do a little piece, put them together there 
 Yeah, we used to be running this whole town, here 
 We used to be basketball playing brothers, you know 
 Now everybody's playing basketball 
 I wonder where they come from, what they claiming? 
 Gonna make an old man get his shoes out and throw one down to slam dunk on 'em 
 Every time the leaves start turning brown getting through the fall of the year 
 I can say, "Yeah it's time to play some" 
 What these youngsters talking about, they running out of breath? 
 What you say? 
 Well I tell what, we're gonna try something brand new here 
 'Cause everybody like new things, we're gonna work on something new, and I'm gonna call it peace 
 We're gonna pretend like its six years old 
 And we gonna build it and mould it 
 And nurture it and culture it 
 And grow right into our society for all of us to have 
 Do you believe in the peace? 
 Not that piece, but do you believe in the peace? 
 All right, I see you raising your hand, you believe in the peace 
 Okay, bring it 
 See if I can't talk common sense into them 
 Let's cruise on down to 47 St. where dad used to hang out at, you know? 
 Eh remember in a few years when we moved from 47 to 87 
 47 was my hood, 87 was his 
 Touchdown 
 What's the name of the bangers in this town now? 
 Has everybody calmed down? 
 Back in my day, they was showing up, now they finally woke up 
 I hear they leaving it alone 
 Using words like "Truce," I love to hear that