Hey, Hey old been, and you too baby sweets 
 I'm back in the studio, you know, I drove up 
 In the parking lot, and the parking lot was empty 
 Wasn't no cars out there like nobody wasn't even in here 
 All the doors were locked from the inside 
 But, I found a window cracked on the first floor so now I'm in here 
 Let's rap 
 So, I come in here, talk to my son, you know? 
 But, but, his next album he got comin' out 
 You know it's been such a spiritual feelin' 
 I had to come in the studio just to see what he was doing 
 'Cause I was gettin' those vibes all in the rocky mountains say, "I got to go," 
 You know? I understand I'm finna' be a grandfather 
 And I'm so proud 
 I can say that in many ways, I can say I'm so happy, I'm so proud 
 You know? Son I wanna give you, you know? 
 Any direction in parenting at this stage 
 Because I think it's gonna come to you, just like it came to me 
 See you came to me and your mom from the spiritual world 
 We're just the physical parents, you know? 
 God loaned you to us, as God's spirit 
 We're the physical parents, you know? 
 Like I say, I'm not gonna give you no directions, you know? 
 But, I know when you started teaching me 
 See we talk about the life and education of one Lonnie Lynn 
 I think I'm the one that got taught, I do believe that son, you know? 
 And I know when you started teaching me too 
 You know, I was hanging out, mad at the world 
 My professional basketball career was over 
 And I didn't believe in the red, white and blue anymore 
 And I was dissipatin' heavily, I wasn't experimentin', you know? 
 And one morning you looked across the table at me, it was like what? 
 Whatchu' gon' be? Whatchu' gon' do? 
 You got the responsibility to teach me the right things 
 You got the responsibility to teach me truth and respect and love, and safety 
 You know? And my knees started gettin' a little stronger, you know? 
 I said, 'cause I can't get past these eyes man, it's just the eyes of a babe looking at me 
 And I couldn't look it off, I couldn't even play it off, you know? 
 And immediately I started gettin' the road maps seein' like how am I gon' do this? 
 I had to thank The Almighty for the strength, that he sent to me through you 
 So, I'm here to say, you know, thank you son 
 I'm here to say I'm so proud and numerous other things 
 'Cause you've been a teacher to me, just like, I have supposed to be a teacher to you 
 Cause a lot of people think that parenting and raising a child is a one way street 
 But, you taught me continuous numerous lessons 
 And I love you my son