(Featuring Common) 
 (Mos Def) 
 People keep askin me, where's the underground? There's mad talented 
 Cats underground with that raw shit. Ya know what'm sayin'? Bringin' the 
 Raw skills. Ya know what I'm sayin'? Really... 
 To me, It's a Small Wonder, like Vicki, why I'm picky 
 These niggas suck like kitty, 
 And still get the shit they slip in like Mickies 
 I'm sick of the hater-players, bring on the regulators 
 With the flavors like a farm team fucking with the majors 
 Like a river how I run through it, I do it so cold 
 Freezin up your bodily fluids, your style is old 
 You runnin' your mouth, but don't really know what you be talkin' about 
 You should retire, get that complimentary watch, be out! 
 Yo, with the quickness, so swift you miss this lyrical fitness 
 Now get this, these emcees want to test me like litmus, bear witness 
 I'm like shot clocks, interstate cops, and blood clots 
 My point is, your flow can stop! 
 By all means, you need more practice, take that ass home 
 Everybody lookin' at you, fish tanks and drome 
 In full effect, I stay catchin lyrical rep 
 And keep it blacker than the back of your neck 
 What you expect, that shit's hollerin 
 'Cause we developin the followin 
 Gettin' played like ?stones? off tapes and ?dollar vans? 
 I'll reverse you, universal, your demise is first 
 Before your rise gets worse 
 You need a night nurse like Gregory, beggin me 
 Stop it hurts, what you say to me? 
 Like that's supposed to mean something 
 You don't want to scene, frontin in the club 
 Your actin', I don't buy it, I got the Dub 
 Come on everybody, come on and show your love 
 Chorus: *chanted in background* [Common] 
 Wo-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-uh-oh *repeated 4X* 
 (Common) 
 Visions occupy my semantic's space 
 Command and shake, to illustrate my mind's landscape 
 The tall grass, the low plains, the mountanous ridges 
 Thickets among the forests, rivers beneath the bridges 
 Presence of hilltops, lit up with tree tops 
 Eavesdrop; and hear the incline of sunshine, nine 
 Stones in orbit, refuse to forfeit 
 They all form a cipher, and they came to observe it 
 I follow suit, and face it, embrace it 
 Shinin bright, but still I'm careful not to waste it 
 Destined to rise, because I'm basement adjacent 
 Spirit is still so just chill and be patient 
 Some heads approach like I'm the one to base with 
 Clowns about, screamin but don't say shit 
 I ain't your student so I ain't to be tested 
 I'm majestic, I represent my strength without ?Epitmass? 
 Method is unorthodox, but of course it rocks 
 My serious synopsis will drop kick, my topics 
 Run the gauntlets and galvanize the audience 
 I must represent, I don't come off with no corniness 
 I'm all luminary, despite commentary 
 Some people say, Mos how you get so? 
 My sign will make you jump around like calypso 
 And murmur to yourself like a schizo 
 There ain't no bottom on the ??? 
 (Talib Kweli) 
 Come on, come on, come on, come on. Here we go. Blackstar, hop on the 
 Blackstar line. We bout to take y'all home. Ya know what I mean? Here 
 We 
 Go... 
 We got all markets on lock 
 From meat to stock 
 Blackstar, what? throwin' like head rock in bars 
 Men flock to where we are, 'cause it's the place to be 
 I grab my pay, jump on-stage and deface emcees 
 We sell our souls like Spawn and come for the drone I sit upon 
 Freestyle or written songs so we can get it on! 
 Going back and forth, fallin' back, all across the track 
 Passin the mic's like quarterbacks 
 Of course its phat, get off of that! 
 Reverse psychology got 'em scared to say when shit is whack 
 Got fear of being called a hater, imagine that! We ain't havin' that 
 We just passed the star status that your grabbin at 
 My battle raps blast your ass back to your natural habitat 
 So floss, 'cause what it costs ain't worth it to me 
 'Cause I'm the one these Spice Girl emcees want to Be 
 But they can't, ain't no points forever, so why bother? 
 Cause your girl calls my name out like Claerance Carter, Claerance 
 Carter, Claerance Carter!?! (I be strokin, that's what I be doin') 
 Aiyyo, as we rock harder 
 And always drop the bonified head nodders 
 Aiyyo, later for the hater-players 
 Yo-yo, yo-yo, later for these hater-players 
 Blackstar keeps shining 
 Blackstar keeps shining