It's only right that I address this. 
 Gotta be in it to win it. 
 I never come lame type chillin' in the game. 
 Now get busy 
 (Verse One) 
 Raised by game 
 Where niggas ain't fazed by fame. 
 Come to the crib, get banged, they take your chain. 
 Stay in your lane 
 Broke back ain't the way of the game. 
 My brainstorm is like a stay in the rain. 
 My favorite was Kane, now I'm dope with weight in the game 
 You was hot but can ya stand the flame. 
 Ghetto pain and windows crack. 
 The fist is like a symbol for black 
 Can tell the real by how the interact 
 In the middle of whack my soul stick to a track 
 Kickback records get kicked to the back 
 I want big cribs and my man Ronnie to get his 
 Child in a good school and know what her gift is 
 It's global warming, the world is shifting 
 Watching Sweet Sixteen, Bithin-ass rich kids 
 Who don't know in life you gotta go the distance 
 Whether yoga or doja, we all get lifted in the game. 
 (Verse Two) 
 I never kissed that ass of the masters 
 I'm the black molasses 
 Thick and I last 
 Past these rap bastards 
 They try to box me in like Cassius Clay 
 Hey I'm like Muhammad when he fasted 
 Opposing the fascist 
 Got cuts and got gashes, scratches over third eyelashes 
 Punchlines are like jab hits to rappers 
 Whose careers now ashes 
 It's too many slashes in their name 
 Came in the game 
 From weak lines to clothing lines to an actress 
 I seen 'em dashing smash hits 
 I yell run nigga run 
 While I cook up classics 
 The weak hearted, become Babylon puppets 
 Making it hard for real hustlers 
 Touch the sky now and then, with a lady friend 
 Give thanks to the most that's how the day begins in the game. 
 (Verse Three) 
 I just wanna be like Akeelah, an achiever 
 From the streets of the Chi where some get high for leisure 
 Selling weed out of cleaners 
 From rocks to barber shops and beamers 
 Chicks with blond weaves and strong legs like Serena 
 The demeanor of the Ghetto, to never stay settled 
 Aldermen and corrupt men play Pharaoh 
 Good bring business to the hood like Harold's 
 Find your own, walking by themselves in the street 
 The young die of cancer 
 I stopped eating meat 
 Greet the gods on 87th street like peace 
 Even though it's, got 'em facing the east 
 The game ain't tasting as sweet 
 Cats flow is still, and his complacent with beats 
 My radio station is deep, so eff em 
 Progression, counting paper and blessings in the game