Pharrell: 
 Ayo 
 All they wanna do is dance 
 That's all they wanna do 
 Common: 
 Uh Uh 
 Get Get it [x3] 
 This is that automatic I stay fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic. 
 Beat goes fast, exceed galactic. 
 Southside boy we Cadillac it Charismatic, Asiatic, I hustle for mathematics 
 Cameras, action, change the status 
 Actor type of your favorite actress 
 Gucci - Rock It 
 Coochies - Pop It 
 Movie - Watch It 
 Booties - Drop it 
 Body - Move it 
 Showin - Groovin 
 Stylin and Being Fly. 
 I touch the masses like a Catholic expensive rap shit my futures backlit 
 Interact with the cat who max and stacks my van-ac to trash y'all react so lets go uh 
 This is that new shit. Keep em' standing in line. That Universal Mind Control, now move your behind. You know you like it, it's calling your name. Nigga, this is that new shit and it don't feel the same. its got that dang digga dang dang dang dang. dang digga dang dang dang dang. Bawitdaba da bang a dang digga digga. Bawitdaba da bang a dang dang. 
 Some pop, some lock, some move robotic. 
 Like Cash Money, I stay in pocket. 
 UMC Ra Ra Ra Rock, don't stop it. 
 Chick's exotic, mix hypnotic. 
 Superhero-ro Boy I'm bionic. You a fad, on some other level Supersonic. 
 Girl you 'bout it, you can strip like comic and transe the melodic techno-tronic. 
 Beats - Rockin' 
 Seats - Droppin' 
 Seeds - Poppin' 
 Streets - Rockin' 
 Freakin, Shakin, Money makin', Stylin and being fly. 
 I'm the one the lady ladies chose to 
 Strip and pose to, shake off they clothes to 
 Chose to the one that go coast to coastal mr. global focal lets go uh 
 This is that new shit. Keep em' standing in line. That Universal Mind Control, now move your behind. You know you like it, it's calling your name. Nigga, this is that new shit and it don't feel the same. Its got that dang digga dang dang dang dang. dang digga dang dang dang dang. Bawitdaba da bang a dang digga digga. Bawitdaba da bang a dang dang. 
 Get Get it (x3) 
 I am a renegade 
 I've never been afraid. Fresh and I'm gettin' paid 
 The future-future of this Age! 
 From the Chi, so I talk this way. 
 Twista hate at the Grand marquee. 
 Rock the faucet like everday. 
 To the top and I'm on my way. Let's go, uh! 
 This is that new shit. Keep em' standing in line. That Universal Mind Control, now move your behind. You know you like it, it's calling your name. Nigga, this is that new shit and it don't feel the same. its got that dang digga dang dang dang dang. dang digga dang dang dang dang. Bawitdaba da bang a dang digga digga. Bawitdaba da bang a dang dang