From the stars to the North, 
 To the stars to the East, 
 To the stars to the South, 
 To the stars to the West, how on... 
 Earth do I guess the best place to start? True... 
 Lovers of the arts, I'm looking for anything that'll... 
 Make you feel whole... this is about as... 
 Close as I'll get to ever baring my soul, er... 
 The name's Patrick, the bees in my bonnet are... 
 All the right things, like all the magical... 
 Mystery life brings. Treasured are the words to the... 
 Song that I sing as the planetary spheres spin, as much... 
 As my ears ring. The noise never stops in the... 
 Chamber that I'm in, it reverberates as much as the... 
 Pain that I bring in the corner of my ring, the... 
 Game I play with my new flame is the new thing. 
 Whatever sails your ship is your thing, 'n' as on... 
 You as the electricity is on your skin, flowing... 
 From the fountain all the way to the seashore. "The... 
 Effect of the cause" is a mystical see-saw, moving... 
 Like you 'n' your lover behind the closed doors of your... 
 Inner sanctum, in a fashion which ain't random. 
 Energies in tandem, seeds of desire flower... 
 On the tip of the tongue of a fiery phantom 'n'... 
 Drift away, there's a price to pay, there'll be... 
 Hell to pay if we never drift away. Time to... 
 Drift away, throw the dice today, then you can... 
 Tell today of what you did today. We better... 
 Drift away, there's a price to pay, there'll be... 
 Hell to pay if we never drift away. I wanna... 
 Drift away, if only twice today, but as long... 
 As we come right back down to Earth! 
 'N' I couldn't care less than a Care Bear kicked out... 
 Of the Care Bears for never caring enough! Trust... 
 Me, the stuff of dreams, it seems, has never been... 
 As easily accessed as well as regularly... 
 Seen. Space is a mirror 'n' you are my reflection, the... 
 Superficial are on a quest for perfection, 
 They're pretty sure of what they're gonna be getting... 
 That's what you call a Pandora Complex, 'n'... 
 Even audacity has a beautiful side "We're now... 
 Approaching the summit, so buckle up for the ride of your... 
 Life" long journey to the centre of the end as you know... 
 It, don't be afraid to show it as long as you don't blow... 
 It. If the penny drops 'n' it all falls into... 
 Place, the treble, the velocity 'n' the bass... 
 Penetrate your memory, transcending time 'n'... 
 Space. As every fear disappears without trace they... 
 Punchlines, metaphors 'n' similes are... 
 All old news I'll always remember vividly, as... 
 Every trait of humanity that'll sicken me... 
 Forever as my memories echo into infinite. In... 
 A century, spitters'll wanna mimic me the... 
 Minute they master the art of lyrical wizardry... 
 Cause, throughout history, the only thing religion ever... 
 Did was limit unlimited possibilities! 
 Propaganda's all part of the gameplan... 
 You ain't exactly got to be rainman... 
 To figure it out for yourself, see through it all for... 
 Yourself, for the sake of others as well as yourself, sure as the... 
 Technophilia-technomania's, 
 Become the technophobia taking over the... 
 Rise of the technological lull of humanity. As the... 
 Gift-wrapped curse is a living calamity, let's... 
 ©2010 Patrick Coleridge-Taylor 
 Written by Patrick Coleridge-Taylor, 2010