Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, 
 Well, here, we, go, 
 How are we gonna end up? Well, we don't... 
 Know. Well, there's only one way to find out! 
 Er, humanity is my family, originality... 
 Is my Modus Operandi. Better to keep a trick... 
 Or three up your sleeve handy. Abracadabra... 
 Alakazam! Time to give me the once-over, well... 
 The name's Patrick, 'n' I'm a Sagittarius... 
 Born just before the dawn of the age of Aquarius. 
 My twilightmares were some of the scariest. 
 When I was broke, no joke, I used to [...] once... 
 In a Blue Moon till the Moon turned green with... 
 Envy, 
 cause it wasn't as [...] as me, I'm talking... 
 When my eyes got red as the dot of the lazerbeam... 
 Goldfinger tried to use to cut off James Bond's... 
 Cock-a-doodle do a cock-a-leek soup with coq au vin. 
 Spitters are lyrical cowboy traders with old vans... 
 Lyricly got all the virility of an old man in... 
 The middle of a viagra drought "Oh Man"! 
 Don't let emotion get the better of you, a point... 
 Blank atomic bomb would be better for you. I never... 
 Worry about any doubters, for the reason they... 
 Never model for L'Oreal, they ain't worth it! Er... 
 Lay-deity, this one's for you! 
 Genteel-man this one's for you! 
 Who cares if I came from the gutter? As... 
 Long as I speak the truth, give me the love, uh- 
 Huh, lay-deity, this one's for you! 
 Genteel-man this one's for you! 
 Who cares if I came from the gutter? 
 Whatever you might think, I'm like no other! 
 The name's Patrick, my birth was in eighty three... 
 So on first impressions, what do you make of me? 
 First impressions are just another book cover to... 
 Judge, but you trust 'em just as much as you throw the book at 'em! 
 Say what you wanna say as long as it ain't sprayed in my... 
 Face, 
 cause this ain't the right time or the place. I may be... 
 A musical misfit, the shoe's on the other foot but... 
 It fits like a glove, that's a recipe for love! Some've... 
 Got love for me, I've got love for them, not the... 
 Same kind of love Romeo had for Juliet, 'n' whoever... 
 Disapproves better jump off of London... 
 Bridge, miss the river 'n' crash-land in Hell 
 cause ev'ry... 
 Question answers itself like sudoku, 
 All the numbers all add up like sudoku, 
 Everything's in the right place like Sudoku, 
 The laws that apply above apply below too! 
 The name's Patrick, my chromosomes weren't two... 
 Exes. Of the two, which would you call the fairer of the sexes? 
 The plot thickens, your pulse quickens, hate sickens... 
 Me. "Oi mate, th-th-there's no need to... 
 Hate!" hard as the George Bush gang love to hate on Obama... 
 That's a cocophony of a comedy of a... 
 Drama, a tragedy they perform, written by bad... 
 Karma for you, the audience, as you watch it from your... 
 Front row seat in The Lord's auditorium, where when... 
 I start a fire in the thought crematorium I... 
 Declare... "I am, therefore, I think!" my... 
 Ships of sense are on hyperocean but never sink... 
 I love it when the blood's pumped through my veins, when my... 
 Heart rate's rapid as riding Niagra rapids in a... 
 Wooden barrel over the edge into the abyss, a split... 
 Second before I disappear into the mist! 
 ©2010 Patrick Coleridge-Taylor 
 Written by Patrick Coleridge-Taylor, 2010