Grab a lady, this is the closest I'll... 
 Get to a slow song for aeons baby. Make the... 
 Most of the moment with whoever you've chosen, if you... 
 Get 'em under your spell it'll never be broken. The... 
 Night is young, but the time has come, are you... 
 Gonna be lucky enough to find the one? Who... 
 Knows? Well you're about to find out with no shadow of a... 
 Doubt, either let it all hang out or take a time-out... 
 I couldn't believe when she told me her name's Night. 
 Her glittery body is covered in starlight. Trying... 
 Not to get lost in her eyes is a hard fight. 
 Ether is her lipstick, her body "ain't half tight". 
 Half-way between the gutter and the stars, she walks... 
 A path running between Venus and Mars. 
 She metamorphs every time we kiss, but I'd... 
 Never care I'd never forget the feel of her lips, and she... 
 Glows. The pleasure of her private shows, nobody... 
 Knows. When all else crashed down on top of me, she... 
 Rose. I guess I progress to express whatever... 
 Manifests in the middle of my treasure of a... 
 Chest. What I love most about her, I could never 
 Define. I only know it's imprinted her image onto my... 
 Mind, a beauty immune to the ravages of... 
 Time, a beauty truly sublime, or a beauty divine... 
 Who lit the fire that'll burn forever in the... 
 Temples between these temples? We already know... 
 Who got the fire to shine for us all in the... 
 Temples between these temples? We should already know... 
 Who got the torches to shine from the ceilings of the... 
 Temples between our temples, and behind the 
 Stained-glass windows to the soul, to make us all... 
 Whole..? I guarantee you'd never believe what you'll never be told! 
 ... More than a minnow, I could be the WInd In Yourr Willow, I'd... 
 Never give you reason to leave a tear on your pillow, you're the... 
 Wind In My Willows, your bosom is my pillow 'n' if... 
 You love me, "ditto". The fire within'll billow even... 
 If I ever see the seagulls above the mainland, 
 Forever may the temple remain grand, even... 
 If I ever get lost in the wasteland of "The 
 Lost", who pay the cost to the boss who ought to be banned. I... 
 Had to put a song in your heart, to carry you through the... 
 Dark, a work of art to inspire you to inspire the... 
 "Sparks" to fly, at the speed of light on our... 
 Night, and tonight's the night we set everything... 
 Right. To Hell with whoever reckons that we should never have happened... 
 You make me better than any of 'em could ever... 
 Imagine. The stars "pale in comparison", none else'll... 
 Do. Is it really any surprise I fell for you..? 
 ... Of a romantic epic, for which I deserve... 
 Credit, and even if you don't yet get it go 'n' get... 
 It. There, I said it, without spraying it. You might want to spread... 
 It as if you can't believe there's really no... 
 You 'n' no me, there's only "us". In the... 
 Everything we are all a part of we trust, it's in... 
 All of us, we should be in awe of us, don't you ever... 
 Look in the mirror and think "There's got to be more to us"? 
 Why fear the unknown, when the more you... 
 Know, the less reason to fear, and the more you find... 
 Out for yourself, the less reason to hear via... 
 Word of mouth, as distorted over the... 
 Years? Is it really only a matter of time, when in... 
 Reality there is actually no finish line? 
 There never was, never is and could never be! The... 
 Situation is better than we thought it could ever be 
 cause of... 
 ©2010 Patrick Coleridge-Taylor 
 Written by Patrick Coleridge-Taylor, 2010