Eh!?! Danger Money's in the building, 
 It's P.C.T, and so it begins... 
 Chapter three, verse one, bar one, part... 
 One of these pills is it! Which one? The red... 
 Pill or the blue pill? Well I can only show you the... 
 Door, you're the one who's gotta go through it, and for... 
 The test behind it, you've gotta blow through it... 
 Make the right choice, as if you already knew it. 
 Fear is a luxury that we can't afford, in a... 
 Life where your conscience is a key to the door before... 
 The treasure beyond measure. Whatever the weather forever... 
 There are gonna be things we could never measure. So... 
 Don't be the architect of your own demise, we live... 
 On borrowed time, so I wasn't surprised when I... 
 Just got stopped and searched again... I told the police... 
 They've got a lot to learn, again! The dummies... 
 Look At It, That's A Shooting Star... 
 Blazing A Trail, That's A Blaze Of Glory... 
 Forget About The News, It's Part Of The Story, That We... 
 Write Every Day In Oh So Many Ways! 
 Look At It, That's A Shooting Star... 
 Goodness Gracious, It's A Ball Of Fire... 
 Designed To Burn Right Through Time And Space... 
 Every One Of Us Has A Rightful Place! 
 Some are born evil, some become it. What's... 
 Done is done, 'n' can't be undone, it comes... 
 Down to whether or not you're one of the sum who wanna... 
 Call me a liar to satisfy a desire to... 
 Extinguish the fire that burns within every one... 
 Of us right behind our very eyes. I mean it... 
 Ain't as if I pretend for dramatic effect, the... 
 Littlest things have the most dramatic effect. 
 The sun never sets, we just lose sight of... 
 It, we learn from the past in hindsight. Open... 
 Your eyes wide enough, and the light won't blind you. 
 Send an S.O.S... and they just might find you! 
 ('N' you) Ain't gotta like this, it's only a work of... 
 Art for the consideration of the nation. The... 
 Truth is out there and the clues are right here. 
 What goes around comes back times seven. I'd... 
 Rather be a positive then a negative, I... 
 Mean, are you an optimist or a pessimist? 
 If life is a teacher, what is the lesson? And if... 
 Time is a healer, what is it's suggestion? From... 
 Annus horribilis to annus mirabilis, the... 
 Changes you could make in a year are miraculous! And a... 
 Total eclipse of the heart played a part in the... 
 Sins of the past, but the present is a new start! 
 The day's old, but the night is young... 
 Somewhere the life of a star just begun, and the... 
 WorldWide web has truly been spun, what I... 
 Mean is in other words, the time has come! 
 (End) 
 ©2008 Patrick Coleridge-Taylor 
 Written by Patrick Coleridge-Taylor, 2008