There's big pieces of her life she can't remember 
 Her mind shuts down, it's trying to protect her 
 Might be for the best to forget 
 But it seems like they always reappear when she least expects 
 Late nights we lay awake 
 Drowning in the lake that pours out of her face 
 Years later she's still not safe 
 Memories leak out, anytime, anyplace 
 The way he smelled, the way he smiled 
 The evil she even recognized as a child 
 Hand on her throat, sting of a fist 
 Instead of her first kiss she got this 
 Shameful feeling, painful secret 
 Lonely knowin' that nobody would believe it 
 Heavy wound that escapes the time capsule 
 It hurts like the day it was born and it's brand new 
 I wasn't there, babygirl, but I'm here 
 I don't know what to say I just hear 
 If there's one wish I could make true 
 I would shoulder that pain and take it off of you 
 Don't run, babygirl, don't run 
 You gotta face what you fighting head on 
 Only one thing I could say in truth 
 Gotta deal with the demons before they deal with you 
 How can she find peace in her mind 
 When love means returning to the scene of a crime? 
 I can feel it inside 
 We reopen wounds every time we intertwine 
 Such an evil design 
 When you can't even enjoy the sweetness you find 
 Trying to see through the tears in your eyes 
 And rebuild your shrine one piece at a time 
 Made it all fade away 
 Colors don't burn no more, it's all gray 
 Can't find heaven from within that shell 
 But it's enough of a blessin' just not seeing hell 
 Constant inner dialog 
 Says just end this rollercoast and ride you're on 
 Only one solution seems final 
 Slide into a hole where your pain can't find you 
 I wasn't there babygirl, but I'm here 
 I don't know what to say I just hear 
 If there's one wish I could make true 
 I would shoulder that pain and take it off of you 
 Don't run babygirl, don't run 
 You gotta face what you fighting head on 
 Only one thing I could say in truth 
 Gotta deal with the demons before they deal with you 
 She said, "If I was meant to die he would've killed me. 
 There must be a reason that I still breathe. 
 I don't have the tools to rebuild me, 
 But I still believe that one day I could feel free. 
 And my body can be mine again. 
 My eyes can learn how to shine again. 
 My inner child won't have to hide and then 
 When I'm strong then love can be invited in. 
 Sweet God, that's all I ask of thee. 
 I'm willing to give what you demand of me. 
 I'm learning to embrace the reality 
 That life doesn't always turn out how it's planned to be. 
 I didn't deserve what was handed me. 
 Only one who can grant happiness is me." 
 What it takes for her to face the day 
 I can only hope to be half that brave 
 I wasn't there, babygirl, but I'm here 
 I don't know what to say I just hear 
 If there's one wish I could make true 
 I would shoulder that pain and take it off you 
 Don't run, babygirl, don't run 
 You gotta face what you fighting head on 
 Only one thing I could say in truth 
 Gotta deal with the demons before they deal with you