Ras Kass: 
 Jea! Re-Up! A J-Classic classic. Razzy... rest in peace Justo 
 I'm about to air these niggaz out one time 
 Yo yo, ain't no nigga like the one right here 
 Spit flames, leave bloodstains on one night gear 
 G-Star jeans, gun right near 
 Now homey X just fucked us his bitch like "Yeah!" 
 Dawg I'ma spit the hottest shit 
 Fuck a dentist, eat a fire department and prop colleges 
 Ras Kass, King of the West, acknowledge this 
 And get a piece of the rock like meteorogologists 
 What Dame Dash and hapha is 
 645 Coupe the same color Chewbacca is 
 And you's a nigga everybody hates like Jar Jar Binks 
 That clown at the bar buying hot bitches drinks 
 What you passin' on to me? 
 What you know about Chinchilla minks? Ten killers deep 
 Skittle flavored diamonds, first it's blue, then it's pink 
 Candy painting was off, dog we floodin' the streets 
 I 
 WILL 
 NOT 
 LOSE 
 I (RE-UP about that fetti) 
 WILL (Load up your glocks, get ready) 
 NOT 
 LOSE (haha... jea jea jea!) 
 Hood niggaz if your arms up, bear it out 
 Niggaz ain't scared, if it's drama, we gon' air 'em out! 
 If your whip on chrome, what you carin' 'bout? 
 Drop the top, do a buck 10, dawg, air 'em out! 
 Who spit flame, nigga never doubts? 
 No problem, it's nothing, I'ma air 'em out 
 East, West, up North to the Dirty South (air 'em out) 
 I'ma (air 'em out), I'ma (air 'em out) 
 Yo 
 I keep shit off the chain 
 Like broken clasp, medallions fallin' off 
 And y'all niggaz hopin' Ras go play on the freeway 
 But I'm that agent in the Matrix: Reloaded 
 Jumpin' out movin' cars, smashin' your hoods for the keys, man 
 And not the ones that open doors 
 Por fa vor, I'm talkin' ki, mayne 
 Silencer on the SPK, fuck BDS them fuckin' at VVVJs (???) 
 R&B singers, new found fact 
 Got a 9 inch dick, tell your bitch to SoundScan that! 
 And my Down South cats be like "What it do?" 
 Cause my little cousin's bein' Memphis classic blue 
 And niggaz still ga-not ga-knowin' as Gary ga-Knew (???) 
 Plus I'm more Chris Real so long with Big Punished brew 
 Downstairs in Jimmy's Cafe, album released 
 Young nigga in the belly, but now I'm a beast 
 And it's like Sin City, every town holdin' heat 
 So I'm like the yellow nigga, kid it's foul when I speak 
 And my baby moms said I need to cut down on my cheatin' 
 Started fuckin' midgets, kept creepin' 
 You ain't gotta tell me, I know you feelin' this shit 
 I hear what I'm sayin' you know I'm killin' this shit, nigga 
 Sometimes it all seems fucked up though 
 Rest in peace, 'cause what's mixtapes without Justo? 
 Sip the' Grey Goose, thinkin' about that ride on the Gray Goose 
 Ankles chained, headin' to Beirut 
 Crucified next to some nigga named Jesus 
 Died resurrected, bustin' blue, still trey-deuced 
 So y'all niggaz better respectognize shits real 
 When my mixtape's hotter than every album this year 
 (Hook 1 + Hook 2)