Haha... (golden child) 
 Yeah, ah, ah, yeah, is you wit me? 
 Whattup? Y'all done forgot about lil' ole me? 
 Y'all don't love me no mo'? 
 It's all good... all my real rowdy niggaz 
 All my real niggaz ride witcha boy one time 
 Ah... 
 Lyrically, I smoke whoever it may concern 
 Even wearing a 21 milligram patch of Niccoderm 
 Been broke before; ain't nuttin new 
 But ain't nuttin never knew me not to say 'fuck you' 
 So had my nuts not grew - I'd still hang in the streets 
 With lil' niggaz who still bang just to eat 
 Bang with the heat - the waterproof spit blazes 
 To give y'all niggaz the business like the yellow pages 
 Enter the dark ages, enter and spark stage 
 For whatever wages, until I'm famous 
 For resurrecting our cave language 
 And for saying, "Same shit, different toilet..." 
 The game ain't about who talented 
 It's about who soundscannin 
 Now them same clowns maddened (peep game) 
 Go figure, lyricist of the year is a white boy 
 And the greatest golfer; a confused nigga 
 And that's gangsta, without bangin' a set 
 Big nuts on deck ain't even hangin' 'em yet 
 See it's just some things they should never forget 
 Ain't no motherfuckin west without a R-ah-A-S 
 I was taught to rhyme undeniably, and force niggaz to think 
 So if you need to dance so fuckin' much then buy Nsync 
 Startin a movement to move men 
 Motivational millimeter mouth or repeated and need a monster 
 Me; I be the agua - waterproof got a lotta truth 
 Spit-slaughter a lotta groups 
 Ridin' without a crew, nod off without a loop 
 Blackout like a ligular, just a nigga that clown 
 With a suicidal groupie in a jacuzzi pullin my shorts down 
 Givin' me underwater head till I nut and she drowns 
 Now how the fuck we sound? (man rap is outta control) 
 (I gotta smoke something) yo homie bust me down 
 Took a pull off a Newport and passed it back 
 Nuts hang like I had an elastic sack 
 Spastic blaps of our kind of plastic claps 
 Wanna know the reason why white people seem to laugh at blacks? 
 'Cause brothers in South Africa slaving to death in diamond mines 
 Meanwhile, we spendin every penny to overshine 
 Tell the next nigga he lesser 
 'Cause he can't afford to buy ice from his oppressor 
 So now he pullin out nines, tryin' to homicide me for mine 
 Meanwhile, George W. Bush got a war on crime 
 Introduction to the Matrix -- I say the shit 
 You know is true but wanna ignore, metamorph metaphors 
 I pop my collar, pop pistols, and pop ecstasy 
 Boricuas call me Poppi when they pop they pussy 
 Used to pop-lock and lock and watch 
 Pop locks and burglarize spots 
 Pop wheelies on the red and chrome Huffy 
 Graduated to Suzukis - hot soda pop or pop bottles at Sky Sushi 
 Now ask me what's poppin'; most likely ya collar bone 
 Ever had that feelin' where ya by yourself and your not alone 
 With Big Brother, and Big Brother see you 
 I'm hard-headed, my dick look like R2-D2 
 Like Mini-Me too - speed through in the V-1-2 
 C-Arson style, know how we do 
 All money is legal, dead pres and green eagles 
 You funny style like Bernie Mac, rappin' like Beanie Sigel 
 Golden Child of the west, don't know how to act though 
 Kicked off the Up In Smoke tour for scrappin with Death Row 
 (2nd Chorus) - 1X 
 And that's gangsta, without bangin' a set 
 Big nuts on deck ain't even hangin' 'em yet 
 See it's just some things they should never forget 
 "Ain't no west with Kurupt with a R-ah-A-S" <-- Kurupt 
 Don't forget, yeah big ass posted 
 "Ras Kass" ... "west coast" <-- Kurupt