Mr. Boombastic 
 What you want is some boombastic romantic fantastic lover 
 Shaggy 
 Mr. Lover lover (Lover lover) Mmm, a Mr. Lover lover (Lover lover) heee girl, 
 Mr. Lover lover (Lover lover), Mmm, a Mr.Lover lover 
 She call me Mr. Boombastic tell me fantastic, touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Ro... ro... mantic 
 Call me fantastic, touch me on me back she say I'm Mr. Ro... 
 Smooth just like a silk 
 Soft and coddly hug me up like a quilt 
 I'm a lyrical lover no take me fi no filth 
 With my sexual physique Jah know me well build 
 Oh me oh my well well can't you tell 
 I'm just like a turtle crawling out of my shell 
 Gal you captivate my body put me under a spell (BOO) 
 With your 'cause 'cause perfume I love your sweet smell 
 You are the only young girl who can ring my bell 
 And I can take rejection so you tell me go to hell 
 I'm Boombastic tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Ro... ro... mantic 
 Call me fantastic she touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. boom boom boom boom 
 Boom... bastic tell me fantastic touch me on me back she call me Mr. Ro... ro... o... mantic 
 Tell me fantastic she touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. boom boom 
 Gee wheeze baby please 
 Let me take you to an island of the sweet cool breeze 
 You don't fell like drive well baby hand me the keys 
 And I will take you to a place and set your mind at ease 
 Don't you tickle my foot bottom ha ha baby please 
 Don't you play with my nose 'cause I might ha chum sneeze 
 Well a you a the bun and a me a the cheese 
 And if a me a the rice well baby love you the peas 
 I'm Boombastic tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Ro... o... o... mantic 
 Tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. boom boom 
 Boommm... bastic tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Ro... o... mantic 
 Tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. boom boom 
 I you say give me your loving gal your loving well good 
 I want your loving gal give it like you should 
 A give me your loving girl your loving well good 
 I want your loving gal you remember the woo 
 Would you like to kiss and carress 
 Rub down every strand of hair pon my chest 
 I'm Boombastic rated as the best 
 The best you should get nothing more nothing less 
 Give me your digits jot down your address 
 I'll bet you confess when you put me to the test 
 That I'm 
 Boombastic tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Ro... o... mantic 
 Tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. 
 Boommm... bastic tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Ro... o... o... mantic 
 Tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Boombastic, what 
 Gal your admiration it a lick me from the start 
 With some physical attraction gal you know to feel the spark 
 A man of few words naw go tell you no sweet talk 
 Naw go laba laba laba and a chat pure part 
 I'll get straight to the point like a arrow or a dart 
 Come lay down in a my jacuzzi and get some bubble bath 
 Only sound you will here is the beating of my heart 
 And we will mmm (kiss) mmm (kiss) and have some sweet pillow talk 
 I'm 
 Boombastic tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Rooo... mantic 
 Tell me fantastic she tickle on me back she says I'm Mr. boom 
 Boommm... bastic tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. Rooo... mantic 
 Tell me fantastic touch me on me back she says I'm Mr. boomWhat you say girl, smooth...