(Oh no oh oh) 
 Ladies lift your glasses 
 (Oh no oh oh) 
 And toast yourselves 
 (Sweet) 
 (Oh ra ay oh) 
 It's a dedication 
 (Oh ya ah oh) 
 Barington Levy 
 (Oh ah oh) 
 Shaggy! 
 I love to see the ladies take full control (uh) 
 Independant woman don't depend on a soul (that's right) 
 Confidential the fact that she has her own (uh uh) 
 No body has to tell her how to play her role (oh ya) 
 I'm talking all the honeys to my left 
 Sophisticated ladies are the one who set the trends 
 Ladies who don't hang around with no progressive friends 
 They don't have no time to play a silly game 
 Shallow man's are all the same 
 All the fellas who get played 
 Not because they pour the drinks it means they're gettin' laid 
 Show her some respect and maybe wouldn't have been played 
 Yo - Now you're looking kinda dumb, I bet this pants are tiresome 
 I love to see the ladies take full control (love it ...) 
 Independant woman don't depend on a soul (no depend on nobody, see) 
 Confidential the fact that she has her own (...) 
 No body has to tell her how to play her role (sweet) 
 (Say what) Beep Beep, dude's pager going off 
 Car keys spinnin on his finger showin off 
 Bet he thinks all the hyper love the latest stuff 
 It takes more than flashiness for home girl to be impressed 
 Ladies want be be adored 
 Ladies want a real man to keep them reassured 
 Forget about the cash she wants a heart to be secured 
 He's not gonna sacrifie the ..., can't hang with step aside 
 I love to see the ladies take full control (...) (oh ay oh ay oh) 
 Independant woman don't depend on a soul (...) (sweet) 
 Confidential the fact that she has her own (uh mm) (...) 
 No body has to tell her how to play her role (Tell 'em Barrington) (sweet) 
 She's all right (She's all right) 
 It don't matter what you want to offer her because she's been around the world 
 You're so right (You're so right) 
 Bet your thinking that she's confidential women but she's an independent girl 
 She's all right (She's all right) 
 It don't matter what you want to offer her because she's been around the world 
 You're so right (You're so right) 
 Bet your thinking that she's confidential women but she's an independent girl (oh oh oh oh) 
 I love to see the ladies take full control (...) (yeah) 
 Independant woman don't depend on a soul (...) (sweet) 
 Confidential the fact that she has her own (...) 
 No body has to tell her how to play her role (Watch out) (oh yo oh) 
 I love to see the ladies take full control (uh) 
 Independant woman don't depend on a soul (ah wa) 
 Confidential the fact that she has her own (Hot girl) 
 No body has to tell her how to play her role (Oh no oh oh) 
 ... A lot of ladies, you know 
 Strong women (shidely shidely shidely?)... 
 (Sweet)... 
 (Seet ya seet ya)... 
 (Seet ya)... 
 (Shidely shildey shidely ahidely oh oh oh) 
 Shaggy 
 All right (all right)