I heard D's from my pillow, right? 
 Made me lean out my window, right? 
 Knew the scene from the get go, right? 
 But Spike Lee was my hero, say you here by any means 
 Tell 'em ditto, uh but Spike Lee was my hero 
 For the heroics, capes on to notice 
 Waited for them to show it and traced all of the motives 
 The motive beyond reason to pay us all in the open 
 Like maybe all them below us is waiting for us to throw this 
 If money talks in another kind of slang 
 They hover by it again till you changing all that you've spoken 
 Like "Where the speech at?" Tell 'em that you breathe that 
 And shit is asthmatic the way they hang on the feed back 
 Fuck 'em all until they know that you mean that 
 And they're ripping up your drivers side, digging through your g-pack 
 Talking Hamsterdam and they don't believe that 
 And hanging out my window helped me see that 
 You know the scene 
 Rubbing shoulders with the cast like I wrote the lead 
 Shit, I just wrote where we was at and put that over these 
 Bad bitches want Isabel Marants 
 And we all tryin' to give them what they want so you know the speed 
 I heard D's from my pillow, right? 
 Made me lean out my window, right? 
 Knew the scene from the get go, right? 
 But Spike Lee was my hero, say you here by any means 
 Tell 'em ditto, uh but Spike Lee was my hero 
 They said its rules to the shit 
 Money that should be ours, the pursuance from the get 
 I'm true indeed for a flip 
 I'm due in need of a flip but as true to me as it is 
 I'm still truly yours and truthfully for the win 
 I'm still doing more for you and me off the rip 
 I'm built by what I saw so usually what it is 
 Is everything that it was beautifully on the strip 
 Standing underneath an awning and hoping to get a morning 
 I swear they so belonging 
 Of all of these wide bodies and whatever other callings 
 Of all of these Nola Darlings 
 The tug of wars on Strike Dunham and Dap Dunlap 
 The Jesus Shuttlesworths and what it took to become that 
 The phone booth can be where you change or where you pump at 
 My heroes took turns wit who would run that 
 So for all the Pierre Delacroixs 
 The Man Tans and Sleep-N-Eats 
 And all the money from hand to hands that we can keep 
 I heard D's from my pillow, right? 
 Made me lean out my window, right? 
 Knew the scene from the get go, right? 
 But Spike Lee was my hero, say you here by any means 
 Tell 'em ditto, uh but Spike Lee was my hero 
 I live amongst the proud neighbors who bang louder than Al-Qaeda 
 Moving them keys like Cal Tjader for the cheese like Sal's Famous 
 Fiends looking for houses where the rock's probably cooking 
 On the corners we BBQ on the block parties in Brooklyn 
 The birthplace of Jordan, you wore them if you was hard enough 
 Fucking with Nikes, why you think the Spike's so popular? 
 The block is like a prison with night vision they watching us 
 On top of us with binoculars to properly get the drop on us 
 I'm topical like Clockers cause crack kills 
 They making a movie but I'm making black films with my rap skills 
 They standing on the corners looking vexed, looking stressed 
 Having to stoop to new lows like Brooklyn steps 
 First fight in Fort Greene, got respected in Brooklyn Tech 
 Spike's joint across the street, of course I was looking fresh 
 Now I'm coming for what's mine, the hoarders call it extortion 
 40 acres and a Porsche with more than 400 horses, yeah 
 I heard D's from my pillow, right? 
 Made me lean out my window, right? 
 Knew the scene from the get go, right? 
 But Spike Lee was my hero, say you here by any means 
 Tell 'em ditto, uh but Spike Lee was my hero 
 One of the few who had his pops out the whole block 
 Told me never to settle or let the dough stop 
 Leave here with as much as you can hold Sky 
 And point blank 'em if they ever come at yo' tie 
 Made me follow every script that Spike ever wrote 
 So how I write is 'cause of them, rightfully so 
 The irony of wanting everything I could be shown 
 But seeing life like a Lee, rightfully so