(BLH) 
 I'ma let it be known that I'm with the force so nigga you know its on 
 Oil my chrome 'cause I got murder in my blood and in my chromosone 
 For the fact that I tek none pack a gun in my dang a lang 
 That nigga that nigga that gang bang no never that nigga that claim 
 Yeah I'm a nigga eating Jesus brains 
 I got the evil in my muthafuckin back and in my muthafuckin veins 
 Wearing my black to creep, 
 Momma told a muthafucka he'd be dead in a week 
 So nigga what? load me like a (12 5???) sale, 
 Pass the dank takin' dead body's to the blood bank 
 And while I hook 'em up proper 
 I got them swallowing in my loaded heart stopper 
 POP! POP! the trigga fiend, the niggas spleen 
 Plus the barrel on my muthafuckin nine, lookin' plus 
 That nigga that nigga that runs them mothafuckas back 
 I got you fiendin for a nigga like you fiend for crack 
 'Cause it's like that (mo wiggita then a nigga get might packed???) 
 Cause in the 4 you know never know you better gat right back 
 So niggas know us brothas can't go out like that 
 Sellin my momma the crack, watch yo back cause (You know I had to gat ya) 
 Chorus: repeat 4X 
 187 on a nigga, nigga, nigga 
 You know I had 2 Gat Ya 
 (BLH) 
 Yeah, picture your death, 
 That nigga that siccness 
 Figure to sick this, foo 
 That nigga that rips 
 (??? Look at that nigga) that siccness drops 
 And as my trigga goes Pop! Pop! Pop! 
 That niggas be ducking from the buck shot 
 See, fuck it when the gun drops, you know its in a hoes cock 
 So there it goes, not the average nigga 
 The baby killa, (???a rabies) 
 Dealin' that nigga maybe killin' that nigga that smooth way 
 That mothafuckas ain't shit to me 
 White nigga, black trigga cracks every mothafuckas back 
 Late in a day, fools used to get they squabs on 
 The blood gang deuce nine creep mobb zone 
 Runnin' a mothafucka like a pittbull, loadin up that clip tool 
 But stealin on muthafuckas like a clepto 
 Let no, other muthafuckas raise yo hood 
 Half the mothafuckas smokin' niggas like wood 
 Got locked up with they cock up, some other niggas asshole 
 But atleast my niggas had enough heart to blast though 
 Now the duece ain't deep like 86 
 I'm solo, might as well see me on a crucifix 
 The duece for age, baby killin' atheist 
 For the funk right back, cause (You know I had to gat ya) 
 (BLH) 
 Same ol fool, that nigga deep load, what up 
 Ain't no doubt who runs the muthafucka 
 Cause every cut I drop is like a muthafuckin main (course??) 
 (???) That's why I make so many corpse 
 'Cause when they hear that nigga that nigga that siccness drop 
 My nine millimeter goes Pop! 
 My sign going to creep them, 
 Nightmare creeper millimeter meter 
 Lock up, main corpse, spirit your brain 
 Got niggaz killin' niggaz, just because I'm rappin' insane 
 Something like a manson mind, my nigga triple six 
 (I got 'em doing a devil dance of mine) 
 Leavin' 'em only one chance to die and niggaz wanna used a glock 
 Niggaz wanna go to heaven but don't want to get shot down 
 Yeah, with my 38 snub nose 
 I got niggaz crawlin to me tryin' to grab me for the hella hoes 
 Lettin loose like Antonio Montana 
 With a oozie and I'm kickin 'em with a 12 gauge nots and em 
 Ah, psycho like micro mind (sprice?) six 
 Brotha lynch, rippin his arms off up the crucifix 
 And when I grab my 9 millimeter gun, point it to your back 
 'Cause I don't know how to act so (You know I had 2 Gat Ya) 
 (You Know I had 2 Gat Ya)