(Chorus: D-Dubb) 
 Is anybody listening? (Is anybody listening?) 
 I'm all alone in this world 
 Anybody listening? (Is anybody listening?) 
 I'm all alone in this world 
 Is anybody listening? (Is anybody, anybody, anybody listening?) 
 I'm alone in this world (Oh my) 
 Anybody listening? (Hard sometimes) 
 I'm alone this world (It's hard sometimes) 
 (COS) 
 Yo, Huh, 
 I guess not 'cause if they was 
 They would've heard my pain years ago 
 When I was out there screaming help! 
 Servin' cane and the tears'll flow down my face 
 Hard not to frown around this place 
 My homey just went down for eight 
 My other one just got found in a lake 
 So I pour the Gin, down it straight 
 'Cause liquor's all that cures me 
 When I'm in this here fucked up mind state 
 And the whole damn world ignores me 
 It's like, I ain't trippin' y'all 
 Just sippin more and sippin hard 
 I cook it soft 
 I cut it raw 
 I hit the block and flip it all 
 I been locked in juvie hall 
 I been locked in the county jail 
 For a trunk gun charge and possession for sales 
 They held your boy without no bail 
 And I'm knowin' they hopin I'm next to fail 
 Which cat is next to tell? 
 Snitchin muthafuckas in my community 
 'Better be next to bail or catch the next of shells 
 I've been livin' next to hell for so long 
 The difference between is one and the real one 
 I can't tell 
 I light the blunt, inhale, exhale 
 Then get to whisperin 
 Just rappin' to myself 
 'Cause ain't nobody the fuck else listenin 
 (Chorus: D-Dubb) 
 Is anybody listening? (Is anybody listening?) 
 I'm all alone in this world (So hard) 
 Anybody listening? (Is anybody listening?) 
 I'm all alone in this world (Oh) 
 Is anybody listening? (Is anybody, anybody, anybody listening?) 
 I'm alone in this world 
 Anybody listening? (Is anybody listening?) 
 I'm alone this world (Yeah) 
 (Tallcan G) 
 Try and hold on in these last days man 
 I can't keep my grip cause most of the time 
 These brothers ain't carin about jack 
 So there's no tomorrow 
 The horrors of the after life 
 Feelin' like I'm already in hell 
 Done died twice 
 Stabbed in the back with a knife 
 These brothers was triflin 
 Shootin off at the mouth 
 Like they didn't hear the G speak 
 It makes no difference, this is my life 
 Ain't gotta be blowed out the pipe, the situation crack 
 The reason why my daddy never came back 
 'To be the man of the house 
 I'm on my own with all the doubt 
 How would I make it out without no father figure? 
 So I ran with the other thug niggaz 
 Became slash drug dealers 
 Can't rest my head on no pillow 
 Dazed by Sleepy Hollow 
 A world full of danger 
 I'm no stranger at the crime scene 
 Investigators all in my program 
 'Cause I got off in that Brougham 
 Don't know the 'Rip who knockin' at my door 
 Ain't never been the type to live the slow-life 
 Now they don't understand me no more 
 So we can't communicate, went through it on my own 
 That's why I can't pick up the phone 
 No one know what's goin' on 
 No one know what's goin' on 
 (Chorus: D-Dubb) 
 Is anybody listening? (Is anybody, anybody, anybody listening?) 
 I'm all alone in this world (Anybody, anybody) 
 Anybody listening? (Is anybody, anybody, anybody?) 
 I'm all alone in this world (Anybody, anybody) 
 Is anybody listening? (Oh, I just wanna know) 
 I'm alone in this world (Have I got somebody's attention?) 
 Anybody listening? (Are you listening to me?) 
 I'm alone this world (All alone, Oh) 
 (Playboy 7) 
 I been stridin and tryin' to do these easy thangs 
 Since 85', 86' 
 Nowadays it's about the paper chase 
 But when I first started 
 It was just for kicks (That's what I'm talkin' about) 
 It ain't easy tryin' to be a billionaire 
 When everyday yellin' but my day closer to death 
 Lovin' every breath, No time to spare 
 But I ain't lookin' for sympathy 
 Gods strength done blessed the hell out of me 
 My momma's alive, got a baby on the way 
 Got a job while I'm getting paid to say: 
 Your parents had it harder than what you do 
 So what you cryin about? 
 These little things that you goin' through 
 Ain't nothing to be talkin' bout dyin' about 
 But that's what life is 
 You here to learn so take your lumps 
 And while you drivin' on a high with a life through stress and stripes 
 It's straight speed bumps 
 Slow you role, take that bump easy and mash the gas 
 Solvent road ahead 
 Watch for the po-po's, just don't look back 
 Playboy 7 and I'm out, I'm done, I'll see ya 
 We ain't never met and probably never will 
 But homey trust me, I feel ya 
 So yeah, I'm listening 
 And naw homey, you ain't alone 
 But see, I can't solve your problems 
 That's up to you 
 That's apart of livin' life 
 That's apart of being grown 
 (Chorus: D-Dubb] [Fades out) 
 Is anybody listening? (Oh is anybody listening to me, are you?) 
 I'm all alone in this world 
 Anybody listening? (Is anybody listening?) 
 I'm all alone in this world (Anybody listening? Oh) 
 Is anybody listening? (We all make mistakes sometimes) 
 I'm alone in this world (Nobody) 
 Anybody listening? (Nobody's listening) 
 I'm alone this world...