No 
 Sit in that fuckin' corner bitch 
 (No just sit in that fuckin' corner and shut the fuck up Bitch) 
 Should've kept you off the internet 
 Just sit in that fuckin' corner bitch 
 Shut the fuck up 
 Razorblade the nipples, baby breastfeed me 
 I just saw your face on the TV, look at that, and they already think you're laying six feet deep 
 Took a nap, now they on the news talking 'bout how they want the hooker back 
 I gave her back to 'em, but not before I took a bat, bashed her in the head 
 Bathed in it and played in it and smashed in the shev back to the hideout 
 Shit, I took a machete and dug her fucking eyes out 
 Now I'm on the internet, motherfucker why not? 
 MySpace is my place; pick her up and tie knots 
 Got her on the bed playing dead, fuck it then I took her to the bathtub 
 And made her bloody red, no matter what he said 
 Nigga he's the ripgut, I saw him slice a nigga's dick up 
 And cut a nigga's bitch up, put her in the trash bag and that's that 
 He's on Facebook, she's in the space look 
 Sit in that fucking corner bitch! 
 (Where's my motherfucking razorblade) 
 (Hey, I'm telling you bitch, you better take me serious) 
 Sit in that corner bitch! 
 (Remember when you got that computer for Christmas?) 
 (Yeah that's why you're here) 
 Sit in that fucking corner bitch 
 (Shit you should've told him you wanted sum umm damn Christian Louis Vuittons) 
 Sit in that corner bitch 
 (Now I'm about to cut you, and heat you and beat you and eat you bitch) 
 She asked me for a cigarette, here you go bitch bet 
 First pull out your titties and I promise I can get you wet 
 After I slit your neck, I keep 'em brainwashed, cut open the score 
 Cold water they get their brains washed 
 I'm in the kitchen with the Ithaca ripping your bitches' britches 
 And bitchin to get you to split the guts 
 Outta my mouth, I'ma get that outta my house 
 By cooking it and eating it and then I'm shitting it out 
 Like I do MC's, you won't find shit all in the couch 
 Shit in the bathroom and shit in the mouth 
 And razorblades and alcohol, shit in the pouch 
 Like 50 bitches on their period, I'm serious now 
 It's about to take 3 hours like ham hogs 
 Trust me I'm tryna feed all them kids and the damn dog 
 I don't wan no ransom I'm sicker than Charles Manson, and some 
 Like Chucky I'm cutting the butt cheeks 
 Sit in that fucking corner bitch! 
 (Yes, it's just about an hour left before dinner, you wanna watch a movie?) 
 Sit in that corner bitch! 
 (Instead of popcorn, I got popcorn alligator, you want some?) 
 Sit in that fucking corner bitch! 
 (Okay, well uhm, I gotta piss, so um, you need something to drink?) 
 Sit in that corner bitch! 
 (I also got diarrhea too, so uh, you want a milkshake?)