It's the God of the Serengeti, I'm the God of the seven deadly 
 Immortal Technique, Poison Pen, what up? 
 G.O.D. Jus Allah Tony Kenyatta, what up baby? 
 Listen, yeah 
 Supreme Godhead, gutter like poverty 
 Righteous man is one of forty six parts prophecy 
 It's Episcopal orbit like the hypotheses 
 It's metaphysics and borders on the philosophy 
 Another song of yours is just another disaster 
 Another verse of mine is just another cadaver 
 You could call it a Genesis of another chapter 
 You could call it the venom that's from the troubled rapper 
 The same rapper that was known for just smashing' your face in 
 Who is God? What's material manifestation? 
 I'm indestructible, my actions are that those of a Mason 
 Yamasee Native American tribe of relations 
 The judge shoot a book at me, I take it and blood 
 The rook move horizontally, basically drugs 
 A nation of intellectuals, a nation of thugs 
 Jesus is hate, and Nation of Satan is us! 
 With a fist full of twenties, got my mind right 
 With a fifth full of henny, we Team Homicide 
 We swing side to side, so what's happening'? 
 So what's crackin'? So what's stackin'? 
 If we falling out, then we brawling out (Team Homi) 
 Vinnie chalk 'em out (Team Homi) ain't nothing to talk about 
 Team Homicide, swing side to side, so what's happening'? 
 (Yo what's happening'?) It's all that shit 
 Me and my conglomerates shall survive Apocalypse (Yes!) 
 I charge a price for tellin' people what the process is 
 Living in a world where dictatorship is obvious (Word) 
 National resources running out for the populous 
 Murder doesn't need a lobbyist or an ambassador 
 Ask the survivors of the Mỹ Lai massacre (Damn!) 
 'Back to the Future' without the flux capacitor 
 Kill you for the gold like Colonel Gaddafi characters 
 You bath salt sniffin' zombies fuckin' a stranger (hahaha) 
 Navajo skin walkers, nigga, I'm a face changer 
 Surgically remove your heart, bury it at Wounded Knee 
 A microcosm of the graveyard that Earth is soon to be (Yeah!) 
 A eulogy for those chasing cars and jewellery (And...) 
 I'm stocking food and water 'cause shit ain't what it used to be 
 I'm motivated like Buster Douglas when his mother died 
 Border Patrol, nigga, see you on the other side! 
 With a fist full of twenties, got my mind right 
 With a fifth full of henny, we Team Homicide 
 We swing side to side, so what's happening'? 
 So what's crackin'? So what's stackin'? 
 If we falling out, then we brawling out (Team Homi) 
 Vinnie chalk 'em out (Team Homi) ain't nothing to talk about 
 Team Homicide, swing side to side, so what's happening'? 
 (Yo what's happening'?) It's all that shit