Yeah. 
 A.o.t.p. 7l es 
 7L ES. Yeah. 
 Philly in the mothafuckin' buildin'. 
 Logan what up. Lost Cauze. 
 Little X what's good? 
 Verse 1 - Esoteric: 
 This is bareknuckle boxing, what the hell walked in 
 Chuck Liddell locked in, steel cage with wage in oxen 
 This is 7L's concauction, there ain't no fuckin' sample on no eBay auction 
 It was a rapper popper shit, my fashion, my world 
 He came home with black guys like Kardashian girls 
 Your thug image is gettin' old like Cameron Diaz 
 I got more 16's than a jewish rehab 
 They run the streets in Madia, more like the creek in ?? 
 I'm like the lethalist leader, I speak with evil demeaners 
 You rap for keys to a ??, to me you seem like a dreamer 
 Get on your knees in my arena, you can't see me like ?? 
 You only sleep with a heater, when they cut off your gas 
 And this is animal rap, you think I'm speakin' for P.E.T.A. 
 Think I'm a leadist like Jeter, your breath control emphasima 
 ESC to nonbelievers with the speed of a cheetah 
 Verse 2 - Ill Bill: 
 The god of war snuffed the hoe, and smacked the shit out of Thor 
 Rest in peace to Howie and be still for carnivoir 
 Since Christ video fist banged Hitler's wife 
 Gone to script those types, long black pistol pipes 
 Rated barrell ?? with my buddy, my tech 9 
 Death finds many in the valley of the deaf and blind 
 Genocidal idle vital violence spite analyze 
 While the powers of the Earth collided, crisis 
 Our survivals priceless 
 Fuck with us, it's suicidal to arrive knifeless 
 But guns is such a futile ??, this guy's righteous 
 But he's never still overstill 
 So you find him in the back lounge in the tour bus smokin' kush 
 Leave him be, let him do his drug 
 You don't want to drink it in jail, punchin' people in they mouth with guns 
 Bitches suckin' dick on they knees, scrounchin' tongue 
 Exploded in the throat, and exited from out her lungs 
 Then exited through shattered windshield from out the bus 
 Then spattered all over her woman friend's blouse and such 
 Then she exited the bus on a ?? and touched 
 Still horny in a walk of shame through a crowd of thugs 
 (Samples - You out the frame... Rip you out the frame... You out the frame...) 
 Hahahahahah. Yeah. Pazmanian Damien. 
 Verse 3 - Vinnie Paz: 
 The 40 Cal got the baddest curves, bullets crack through your siatic nerve 
 I use inverted human skulls so I can stash the urn 
 My life consist of drinkin' alcohol and smashin' birds 
 A white boy with an accurate shot, Larry Bird 
 It's bareknuckle boxing, my fist will crack the curb 
 I make hardbody music that they trash and ?? 
 I carry RPG's like I'm an arab serp 
 The black four pound silly but the mac absurd 
 You a sucker, you pinch pennies and sell dimes 
 I'm the father and I'm son slaughter like Mel Kwime 
 I'm from Philly, it's where the Liberty Bell shines 
 I'll let you fuckin' have heaven pussy, 'cause hell's mine 
 I drink a bottle of Firewater and felt fine 
 You an amaryte, incapable how to tell time 
 I'm the fire propyrator of a stealth mine 
 I spit fire out my mouth but I get hell crime 
 Verse 4 - Reef The Lost Cauze: 
 Yeah, superhero theme music, no mask and cape 
 Just a bag of grape that's stickier than maskin' tape 
 I'm a duby head, higher than a groovy dread 
 If you were a dope rapper at all, than you'd be dead 
 When the gage buck ya, ya better pray sucka 
 My team in the bean cut ya, word to blade runners 
 Stay in your lane fucka, you a gutter ball 
 Stuff your broad, I love no bitch unless it's a fuckin' dog 
 Forever fresh, still rockin' it, never left 
 Sold out shows with white dudes in sweater vests 
 The fly casual rhyme animal 
 I am the wolf, drunk off stage and tell you that I'm radical 
 B-Boys stance, no gloves or headbands 
 I rap and smoke weed, I'm just tryin' to be Red Man 
 Never trust the words of a would to be dead man 
 Now rewind this shit like ?? ?? when he said fan 
 Yeah. A.O.T.P.