Chorus - Johnny Cash: 
 You can run on for a long time... 
 Sooner or later gonna cut you down 
 Verse 1 - Vinnie Paz: 
 Did protons and electrons create the earth? 
 Or did Allah meditate and create his birth? 
 Is everyday in this place a curse? 
 Or should I pray on my knees and embrace it's dirt? 
 I don't know if there's a reason I'm here, 
 I feel the only thing that's driving me is reason and fear. 
 And seeing death to me conceiveably near, 
 So I don't give a fuck what you think 'bout me reachin' for beer. 
 I don't worry anymore about what my friends do, 
 I have a more urgent matter to attend to. 
 Is there something there bigger when I die and vanish? 
 That weaves everyone and everything into a canvas? 
 I'm not smart enough to think I have a resolution, 
 I'll never be a man with meteokre constitution. 
 My father told me that blood and power intoxicate, 
 And that tearity is a product of his fathers hate. 
 Verse 2 - Vinnie Paz: 
 I recognize the guilt and the sins of the father, 
 And recognized what's built and what stems from the author. 
 Understand man is not a machine, 
 He needs a surface and a purpose and a reason for being. 
 Either way I'm going to stick with my fam', 
 Regardless if that's a dream of a ridiculous man. 
 And I'm becoming more indifferent every day, 
 So naturally all of the feelings faded away. 
 Some of the things I said I hated to say, 
 But blame yourself mother fucker you made it this way. 
 I don't think I would even if I was able to stay, 
 I don't think you could I would sit to the angles and pray. 
 But everybody's got to deal with theyself, 
 If they cut another throat for the material wealth 
 If it's a problem are you man enough to deal with the hell? 
 Or are you destined for the darkness of concealing yourself? 
 Verse 3 - Vinnie Paz: 
 Trying to deal with the thirty-four years spent in prison, 
 Not the physical because of accidentalism. 
 Backed myself into a previously lead deposition, 
 When all I ever had to do is just repent and listen. 
 Why can't everybody leave me alone, 
 I'm the only one who'd really need to see that I've grown. 
 You ain't smart enough to see what I know, 
 Like to stab myself and let me fuckin' bleed till I go. 
 But I'm too scared what would happen on the other side, 
 Trying to fight the good fight how many of us died? 
 I don't know if I trust the people that hang with me. 
 Is it god, or is it the big bang theory? 
 I know some really good people and they slang near me, 
 But I don't think that comically they should hang really. 
 Thirty-four years I don't have peace yet, 
 And I ain't get out of the belly of the beast yet.