No not too much is new. I'm so fuckin' high, I'mma spit a bomb verse. 
 D-Mothauckin'-Moz nigga. Cyssero. Vin. Some real shit right here baby. 
 Problem. 
 Verse 1 - Demoz: 
 Look, ever feel suicidal to the point that you tried it 
 And when they asked you about it, you don't know how to deny it 
 Doc all in your face, askin' what is the motive 
 You got split personalities and it's hard to control 'em 
 Takin' xenes and perks, drinkin' liquor and beer 
 Feelin' sick to your stomach, tryin' to shift through the gears 
 On a slippery rope, plus your vision is blurry 
 Worse case scenerio, they'll miss you after you're buried 
 Wife fuckin' your man, brotha stuff in the jam 
 Thought and starred at your pictures, like where the fuck is my dad 
 I'm a problem atomic, tryin' to rhyme with these chickens 
 Shit 'em out in the morning and take a piss on the omelet 
 Made an honesty promise, I ain't gotta be modest 
 I ain't got to be parted, this whole economy's garbage 
 I'm a comet in space, I ain't part of this land 
 I'm a fuckin' two-face, why would you call me your man 
 Tongue twisted like Pun diggin' my tongue tissue 
 It's one missile, we blow you to little lunch issues 
 We fuck with you, we came with you but left dolo 
 We stuck with you on one issue, we reign solo 
 We through a bomb in the parade at these gay homos 
 We manic ?? ??, how the fuck are they gonna break kodos 
 Freddy roachin' a corner, 'cause we ain't sayin' nothin' 
 And we just sittin' there twitchin' like we sniffin' our caine buggin' 
 Verse 2 - Cyssero: 
 Creep quiet, but that chopper loud (you know how we do) 
 Look, the way I perform with that K that'd rock a crowd 
 Mask and glove when I squeeze them slugs 
 Make a bloodbath, we gonna need a tub 
 Shit, we riding dawg 
 When we catch his ass let that super-soaker wet his ass 
 Dry him off, military tactics 
 Movin' silent dawg 
 Paint the neighborhood red when that iron drawn 
 Yeah, Da Vinci of the gun-slinging, shots make a bastard leak 
 Make a masterpiece, get your casket dropped 
 That's the art of war, bang at the targets 
 ?? ?? War, then burn the bodies, what you need a coffin for 
 If you ain't built for all that, what you talkin' for (be quiet) 
 Yeah, tell your homeboy calm his mad 
 Unless he want a fuckin' problem on his hands (for real) 
 Verse 3 - Vinnie Paz: 
 Yeah, Pazienza put the torch to him 
 Young rap version of Dr. Kavorkian 
 This pussy done, put a fork in him 
 Or I'mma have to let the .44 ball get him 
 He better pray he got a squad with him 
 Like the prototarian revolution of Marxism 
 Put your body in the star system 
 Reveal itself as bleeding light, Allah wisdom 
 Bullets fast when they travel 
 And the silencer is strong and it's long like a javelin 
 Now he dead put a bag in him 
 Green from the dope phene lean, and a scag in him 
 I hold the ratchet unorthodox 
 Brenell Whitticher, I'm duckin' all sorts of shots 
 Various types of torcher plots 
 And I'mma ride till I die and the coffin drops