The greatest form of control is when you think you're free when you're being fundamentally manipulated and dictated to. One form of dictatorship is being in a prison cell and you can see the bars and touch them. The other one is sitting in a prison cell but you can't see the bars but you think you're free. 
 What the human race is suffering from is mass hypnosis. We are being hypnotized by people like this: newsreaders, politicians, teachers, lecturers. We are in a country and in a world that is being run by unbelievably sick people. The chasm between what we're told is going on and what is really going on is absolutely enormous. 
 It's like we all know what's going down 
 But no one's saying shit, what happened to the home of the brave? 
 These motherfuckers they're controlling us now 
 But no one's talking about it, made us proud to be slaves 
 And everybody's just walking around 
 Head in the clouds, we won't awake until we're dead in the grave 
 By then it's too late, we need to be ready to raise up 
 Welcome to the end of days 
 Everybody is slave, only some are aware 
 That the government releasing poison in the air 
 That's the reason I collect so many guns in my lair 
 I ain't never caught slipping, never underprepared 
 Yeah, The Shaytan army, they just break it proudly 
 George Bush the grandson of Aleister Crowley 
 They want you to believe the lie that the enemy Saudi 
 The enemy ain't Saudi, the enemy around me 
 There's fluoride in the water but nobody know that 
 It's also a prominent ingredient in Prozac (For real?) 
 How could any government bestow that? 
 A proud people who believe in political throwback 
 That's not all that I'm here to present you 
 I know about the black pope in Solomon's Temple 
 Yeah, about the Vatican assassins and how they will get you 
 And how they cloned Barack Hussein Obama in a test tube 
 Whoever built the pyramids had knowledge of electrical power 
 And you know that that's the information that they suppress and devour 
 Who you think the motherfuckers that crashed in the tower? 
 Who you think that made it turn into ash in an hour? 
 The same ones that invaded Jerome 
 The ones that never told you about the skeletons on the moon 
 Yeah, the ones that poison all the food you consume 
 The ones that never told you about Mount Vesuvius Tomb 
 The Bird Flu is a lie, the Swine Flu is a lie 
 Why would that even come as a surprise? 
 Yeah, the Polio vaccine made you die 
 It caused cancer and it cost a lot of people their lives 
 Do y'all know about Bohemian Grove? 
 How the world leader sacrificing children in robes? 
 Lucifer is God in the public school system 
 I suggest you open up your ears and you listen 
 The greatest hypnotist on the planet Earth is an oblong box in the corner of the room. It is constantly telling us what to believe is real. If you can persuade people that what they see with their eyes is what there is to see you've got them. Because they'll laugh in your face of an explanation then which portrays the big picture of what's happening... and they have.