Yeah. Can-I-Bus, my man Vinnie Paz. 
 Louie Dogs, Canibus, Vinnie Paz. 
 Yeah. Jedi Mind. Yo. 
 Verse 1 - Canibus: 
 I isolate the regime, that works twice the pace of your team 
 These Jedi Mind Tricks are no dream 
 Chill cold receive, you do not need to know what you need 
 You will be uplinked to the feed 
 The interest to the cave is carded by a statue of Saint Jermaine 
 Holdin' an oil lamp with a purple flame 
 Shufflin' down a dark coroner 
 Chasin' the voice of the orator 
 The light brightens more and more 
 Your muscles tight and sore 
 You fall to waist height, the crawl 
 As you are forced to recite bars 
 From Osnotoria, what is the origin 
 Metaphoric euphoria, labotamize the audience 
 Rap music recruited, those who refuse it will be uprouted 
 Then electrocuted, then executed 
 Flesh is fluid, physically it's a stetch to do it 
 You wake up cold, wet and wounded playin' my music 
 The strong believe in me, the weak try to weaken me 
 But they are not allowed to speak to me that easily 
 The fans get neglected, can't get they favorite record 
 They only get to hear what's selected, not requested 
 They are wasting your time, just think about that 
 The reason you won't think is the reason I won't rap 
 Watch me word, it speaks framing technique 
 And thermal heat ?? to verbal to the beat, providin' earth for you feet 
 I rip granite, the universe shaped like this planet 
 Nobody understand it when my spit is mis-mananged 
 Virtuoso ???, Aliester Crowley 
 Where the baldie flow flawlessly, cathedral halls applaud me 
 Red Three Delta they call me in the red army, armory 
 Talkin' softly, walkin' calmly the officers saw me 
 Cursin' at the bastard commie, pass the salamy 
 Rhymin' off beat they poured me caffine not coffee 
 [Verse 2 - Vinnie Paz: 
 You never hear nothin' as evil as this 
 I carried desert eagles into the cathedral and lick 
 My people are sick, your people are believibly bitch 
 In ?? ?? you countin' money and conceivibly rich 
 A fevorous pitch, I'll hit you so you bleed when you piss 
 I feel sorry for any rapper that think he equal to 'Bis 
 I see through the mist, I see you faggots weak in the wrist 
 I ain't rappin' no more, Pazienza speak with the fist 
 I see the abyss, but I ain't goin' there no more 
 I'm too old, so I ain't lickin' in the air no more 
 Aiyo 'Bis, shoot these mothafuckers that's thinkin' this war 
 In '88 the only white boy spittin' it raw 
 I kicked in the door, and spoke with metaphysics and all 
 But they was too stupid to understand the vision involved 
 I wish that we all had platinum that could crysten the wall 
 But I'mma ride for you regardless if it's business involved 
 Yeah. Vinnie Paz. Canibus, Rip the Jacker. Philly baby. Jedi Mind.