Yeah, Pazienza baby. Yo Syze what up cuzzo? (What up my brotha?) 
 Yo Bill, what up lord? (Ah we're about to get down.) 
 It's an honor to be on the song with my brothers, you know I'm sayin'? (Don't ever change my dude.) 
 On a physical and spiritual, it's a lovely thing to be makin' this music shit together man. That's word to Allah man, you know I mean praise the Ah. 
 Verse 1 - King Syze: 
 We them motherfucking bombers explosive fire a federal building 
 Vietnam general killing with memorable spitting 
 Insane ripper who's hyper than caine sniffers 
 The Heavy Metal Kings with Syze, we the main figures 
 Lyricals you don't want a physical confrontation 
 Speak in moderation man we the army we the fucking nation 
 Don't disrespect the man that dis AIDS 
 I'll be locked in the cage man before I show I'm bitch-made 
 You's a switchblade nigga I'm a fucking cannon 
 The .22, I'm a .347 Magnum 
 You's a handgun, homie we at ? squad 
 Dudes better thank God, man we hitting tracks hard 
 Any given time I'mma ask what y'all want now 
 Hydraulic when I'm rapping I'm fracking the underground 
 In the surgical mood making vertical moves 
 While y'all lateral pass man we laughing at fools 
 Chorus - King Syze: 
 Yo Syze gonna kill shit, Bill gonna kill shit 
 Put 'em on the floor Paz hit 'em with the steel tip 
 Fuck being grown, we back up on that old shit 
 Disrespect us and you'll leave with your dome split 
 Yo Syze gonna kill shit, Bill gonna kill shit 
 Put 'em on the floor Paz hit 'em with the steel tip 
 Fuck being grown, we back up on that old shit 
 Disrespect us and you'll leave with your dome split 
 Verse 2 - Ill Bill: 
 I'll spill the devil's blood, drink and kill devil rum 
 Black flag, metal gun, have you praying to God like Reverend Run 
 You'd better run for the hills like Uncle Howie running for krillz 
 A hundred a pill, gun in your grill 
 Peep the Jolly Roger, smoking like a Bob Marley concert 
 Run your mouth you get Molly? 
 We got shipwrecked at Kitty Hawk 
 Kidnapped the man's daughter 
 He don't pay the ransom cut that bitch's titties off 
 A true gentleman, braveheart veteran with metal skin 
 Settle things, travel with the devil's wings 
 We about to throw people overboard, the overlord 
 What's the code of law? We don't give a fuck, we rewrote 'em all 
 The new mutants from a long line of goon shooters 
 New computers, new holochips and new Rugers 
 Violent creeps, piracy on the highest seas 
 Dying in the streets lying live beneath where my tires be 
 (Verse 3 - Vinnie Paz) 
 I'm a G motherfucker, I'll bury you in the cryptic tomb 
 Guns big, the bullets I call 'em clips of doom 
 I was born on the precipice of a shifting moon 
 I was born to the death of it from a twisted goon 
 I wouldn't say I'm obsessed with it but a bit consumed 
 I just aim the AK at it lick my wounds 
 The boxcutter, a hollow tip it'll rip in twos 
 But that's a horse of a different color, a different rules 
 My hands fast, it's uppercuts and it's body blows 
 I ain't trying to catch a fucking case lord vamonos 
 You don't wanna see the power that the Lama holds 
 Put you in the motherfucking box like you Domino's 
 School of hard knocks Vinnie on the honor roll 
 My work's bloody, it's similar to piranha flow 
 The game's dirty, I studied it then I locked it though 
 My raps break motherfuckers call ? flow