(Feat. Doap Nixon, Planet and Jus Allah) 
 Yeah yeah y'all hear it, motherfuckin Doap Nixon. Namsayin? 
 The cat with the lil kid voice but the grown man aim nigga 
 (Doap Nixon) 
 Yo what's the difference between the mentally gifted and the ignorant gettin' splifted? 
 It's that the ignorant could never get this 
 When I come like 50 egyptians gettin' snipted 
 Leavin' the features, hands lit up with life's pieces 
 Christians forever point fingers on who the beast is 
 But Doap's thesis: is it peace or is it grief 
 While you grit your teeth at the arabs in the middle east 
 Who be on they knees, slow motion as parallel 
 But my city done fell, victimized to who's the real 
 You count the chickens before they hatch and count the thump of my steel 
 Move amongst the wise, footprints and rough hoods (hoodlums) jellin (jealous) 
 You live money, you dumb shook, plus your crew 
 Yo we philly niggas, I say peace to bust at you 
 Never a disgusting crew, for lust for the jewels 
 (Jus Allah) 
 I keep blunts of cest in between my jaws 
 I keep chunks of flesh in between my claws 
 Animal-like, rape a lady aphrodite 
 I watch people bleed to tease my appetite 
 Slice your mug, we hand and knife thugs 
 That's so harcore, we banned from fight clubs 
 Raw, we're nightcrawlin blood alcoholics 
 Y'all only hope is wooden stakes and garlic 
 Islamic, thinkin' on a higher logic 
 Dressed in arab garments on flyin carpets 
 Takin' me to hovering starships 
 With high powered aeronautics 
 The glide across cosmics 
 Lost in space, I pause to meditate 
 My souls energy causes walls to shake 
 Niggas stand clear when my land get spread 
 'Cause my scarecrows got real klansmen heads 
 We came through, invading your village with more weapons 
 Spies like us make you hit the floor for tension 
 Squad reppin', don't step into our section 
 We hard hittin', while you watch the god spittin' 
 (Planet) 
 Yo I walk like egyptians around your pyramids 
 Here's a kid, that spits raw lyrics and splits your wig 
 Transform my right arm to hydrogen bombs 
 For my niggas who burn weed till they lighters is gone 
 Next level, complex rebel without a cause 
 Sleepy hollow, choppin your heads, riding a horse 
 The size of my sword, makes you see the eyes of the lord 
 In my den with a pen waiting for lions to roar 
 Loud cries, innocent beings being abducted 
 Alien life, Jesus Christ has constructed 
 Firewater, brought by the design author 
 Who holds the globe and patrols in a flying saucer 
 Mic enforcer, from Outerspace, yo the iller team 
 King Size and Doap Nix create a ill regime 
 I split the seam and emerge from a deep corral 
 And stay with respect like Pun's rest in peace mural 
 (Vinnie Paz) 
 Yo we the rawest rappers, if you started we gon' draw with clappers 
 There's no tomorrow 'cause we horror and we sharp as cactus 
 Thas why your jaw shatters, while my floor splatters 
 I do my dirt all by my lonely with the God Varamus 
 If you barkin at us, we dump shells 
 I dent 'em and bend 'em and dead 'em and send 'em to Hell! 
 You'll probly yell! you should cry for your dying wives 
 I severed 'em with several flying iron knives 
 Look in the lion's eyes... and see darkness 
 Vinnie Paz, animal thug, just straight heartless 
 YALL GARBAGE, the gods remain conscious 
 Think Vinnie Paz is sick son? he nauseous 
 Cobra clutch, I'll blow your midn while you roll a dutch 
 And leave your children more Holier than Jehovah's touch 
 You know it's us, dead is how you'll find me 
 With money in the bank like Fox had in ???? 
 Paz: 
 Yow... Yo Its Vinnie Paz baby. Takin' y'all mafackers to war. 
 Doap Nix, the god Jus Allah, Plantetary baby. 
 We takin' y'all mafackas to war, rippin hearts out. Namean? Namsayin? 
 Jedi Mind forever baby. What the fuckin' deal? 
 Stoupe on the track u'namsayin? We bodyin motherfuckers. 
 What's the fuckin' deal? Severin heads baby. FUCK YALL!