(Vinnie Paz) 
 Yo... It's Vinnie Paz baby my man Panik on the track! NAMEAN! NAMEAN! 
 I'm bout to take y'all to war. Teach y'all how to rhyme. Check it out 
 YO YO 
 We heavenly divine, that's why we steadily shine 
 And put a steel mic through a enemy spine 
 My voice got power like if ten of me rhyme 
 And gettin' in my face means its weaponry time 
 Look at you, studyin my every design 
 Bangin' this, listening to every rhyme 
 Heavy rewind, Vinnie Paz'll fight vicious 
 Y'all easier to fuck with than white bitches 
 We nice with this, y'all better stand still 
 Musta forget the fact Hologram ill 
 I doubt y'all, Vinnie Paz the outlaw 
 Y'all mafuckas is never right like southpaws 
 That's why I doubt y'all, y'all ain't raw 
 Rippin you with a 45 caliber claw! 
 You wanna see the last kid I battled before? 
 Then check his fuckin' brain where I splattered the wall 
 Raw is war! y'all better pray for armageddon! 
 Y'all spill blood on slugs from all weapons! 
 VINNIE PAZ! I'M LIKE THE LORD's RESURRECTION! 
 It's all ending! so bring the god when I step in! 
 You're forced to fight, when I'm scorching the mic 
 My source of light... *holy* like the corpse of Christ 
 You lost your life, and I'm the sorcerer right? 
 And Vinnie Paz rhyme have you lost in the light 
 What? y'all mafuckas think you flossin tonight? 
 Gimme that! matter of fact, toss me your ice 
 But still, my clique is too ill 
 And y'all? y'all more bitch than Dru Hill 
 The true skill that come through me, 
 Is from banging "All Hell Freeze" by Cool C 
 Y'all don't move me, y'all at war with the veteran 
 With the digital trigger finger like the letterman 
 The vendetta gram, I know where my heart's at 
 I'm the better man, so don't start that 
 When we bomb back... BURN FUCKIN' LEECHES 
 Send you to hell to see more shells than beaches 
 We elitists, we from Hamburger Hill 
 Science and math combined with supreme skill 
 The team ill, we send you to hell fast 
 Your cream build, you buried in Belfast 
 Ayo Panik! pass me the gin! 
 'Cause ain't too much muthafuckers rockin' with Vin! 
 Stomp him with tims, 'cause I heard he hate hell 
 The last thing that he saw? a .38 shell