Yeah. Pazienza. Yo Lib, what up baby? 
 Slaine, my brother from another. 
 Yeah. Philly to the Bean all day. 
 Official Pistol Gang. Ill Rock. (hahahha) 
 Verse 1 - Adlib: 
 Road warrior, murdering miles 
 Guzzle bottles, splash puddles on models 
 Got the club shit that you catch on the dial 
 This that drug shit that get kept in the viles 
 Wild style, stayin' in a box-car 
 Fame in the street, enterage of rock stars 
 Pop lock up cars, switch up daily 
 Dive bar, shitty store, sniffers pay we 
 Outlaws, alcohol fuel our cravings 
 Blow cigars, get scarred, fuck safety 
 Risk takers, paper chasers 
 Box your mothafuckin' face with razors 
 Ruthless assholes, my crew's so rotten 
 Sloppy strippers on the pole for oxy 
 Not from the Carter that they cop from poppy 
 Nazi cops want a red dot and pop me 
 I'm huntin' zombies, with Pun on repeat 
 Knee deep in shits creek, no tongue and cheek 
 When I speak it reeks from the curb 
 Listen, start ichin' to rob 
 If not, then the slob ain't doing his job 
 So dance with the devil before you go meet your god 
 Verse 2 - Vinnie Paz: 
 I don't gotta say no names 
 'Cause a bitch is a bitch, I don't play those games 
 Official Pistol Gang, we hold thangs 
 And I'll bloody up your shirt, like tomato stains 
 See I done been to hell and back 
 I done talked about murdering the president, my cell was tapped 
 I smell a rat, should've went to jail for that 
 These mothafuckers mailed the pipe-bomb, I mailed it back 
 I see all of y'all rappers as tight gay 
 City sought the giddy where the diesel is light grey (yeah, namean?) 
 I don't give a fuck what you might say 
 Buck 50 side of the neck where the knife lay (that's where the knife go) 
 My horror been shining for years 
 I done outlasted ever single one of my peers (I'm still out here shining) 
 But for me that's just a common affair 
 Peace to Adlib, now I'm out for some beers, yeah 
 Verse 3 - Slaine: 
 Stab your nose, drunk with a six figure salary 
 Pop ?? ??, who want to challenge me 
 I'm a superstar, you don't live in my galaxy 
 King with the crown, you ain't down with the palace, see 
 I run this town, layin' in the shadows 
 Everybody know the name Slaine, Mr. Carol 
 Double-barrel shotgun, watch fools travelin' 
 Sawin' you in half, collapsin' your abdomin 
 My dues been paid, the rules been laid down and broken 
 C'mon stupid, don't provoke him 
 You cats smoke crack rocks like '86 
 And you snitch ass dope phenes boostin' with the shady bitch 
 I ain't fallin' with the traps and tricks 
 Pull the wool over your eyes when I clap the click 
 Ain't no fun over here, I'm on some backwards shit 
 Black crook, black hoodies, and the blackest kicks (like this)