Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo. It's like this. Broad Street baby. It's like this. Sean C. baby, it's like this. Yo, yo, yo, yo. 
 Verse 1 - Vinnie Paz: 
 Yo, we spit raw, so y'all should stay down 
 Before your found in the mud face down 
 Spin you around, to face Palestine 
 Y'all bitch cats only got heart on Valentines 
 All of y'all wanna know how the metal feel 
 It gets settled in the temple where the barretta kill 
 My pen blades the ink y'all spill 
 But y'all still seem to think that y'all real 
 Jedi Mind will put a knife to your grill 
 We spit ill, and y'all run for the hills 
 We stab you in the back till it weakens the knees 
 And smash you with a statue of Jesus that bleeds 
 Conceived in the womb of the sacred 
 Perfect timing, while I'm climbin' on the ladder of Jacob 
 We waited, but you fell through a loop hole 
 Y'all crazy big with no skills like ?? ?? 
 Hologram bring physical rain 
 The only thing y'all feel is physical pain 
 We came through, invadin' your village with more weapons 
 Spies like us makes you hit floor, pretension 
 The squad reppin', we like the lord's resurrection 
 It's all endin', so pray to god when we step in 
 Verse 2 - Planetary: 
 Yo, I start slicin' your mental with proper writin' utensils 
 Spiritual, prayin' to holy skies of my temple 
 Searchin' for culture freedom 
 I can assault the demons for multiple reasons 
 I even send the vultures to eat them 
 Plan, like a cobra creepin' 
 I'm overseein' the weapons of choice, stabbin' you 
 Watchin' your shoulder bleedin' 
 Through colder region, where the water's thicker than blood 
 Timber and shrub, I use ?? kickin' your mug 
 Billions of ?? intergalactic plains from ?? 
 To reign clubs from cats who show the game love 
 You the same blood that got drug in the gravel pit 
 Before you blink, I watch sink inside your battleship 
 I'm rather scary, ?? for Hologram to bury 
 The nonbelievers, we spit raw shit, unsanitary 
 Vocabulary, crucifyin' all you adversaries 
 Queue dimension Outerspace, the nigga Planetary 
 Verse 3 - Vinnie Paz and PLANETARY: 
 SURRENDER OR QUIT, or I'mma let the venomous spit 
 TREMENDOUSLY QUICK, we buckin' off of Hennesee sips 
 YOUR WEAPONRY HIT, we lace you with the heavenly shit 
 ARE WE REACHIN' YOU THEN, 'cause we at the end of the clip 
 THEN ENERGY SPLIT, y'all cats must be sick in the brain 
 WE HITTIN' THE VEINS, 'cause all of y'all spittin' the same 
 YOU TRIP IN THE FLAME, and meltin' all the chips in your chain 
 WE STICK TO THE GAME, Plan has inflicted the pain 
 THE STITCHES REMAIN, in matter of fact we stunnin' y'all kids 
 And after that we gonna put a gun to your whiz 
 We rumblin' kids, that puttin' metal slugs in your wigs 
 YOU STUCK IN THE CRIB, frozen with your guts in the fridge 
 WE CUTTIN' YOUR WRIST, Broad Street ciphalin' y'all 
 THE TRIFFLIN' FALL, we pointin' fuckin' rifles at y'all 
 YOU AIN'T NICIN' AT ALL, we provoke the sheisty to brawl 
 If y'all sleep then Broad Street slicin' your jaw 
 What baby? What's the deal baby? It's like that baby