Intro - Reef The Lost Cauze: 
 Yeah... this is where I talk shit (Yeah nigga, talk shit!) 
 AOTP... Lost Cauze, my man Planetary 
 What up, Crypt? Yeah 
 Vinnie Paz 
 All this shit probably gettin' CUT! Yeah! 
 "Step through the door, tore the shit off the hinges" <-(sampled from "Stand Up" by M.O.P.) 
 Verse 1 - Reef The Lost Cauze: 
 Yo, this young buck rowdy, my gun buck loudly 
 When I was a pup, they had me locked up down in Buck's County 
 But I beat that wrap, you never catch me on a beat that's wack 
 I can't eat like that 
 Reef that cat who cock back, let the Desert hit you 
 When you thought I was just talkin' shit like Freddie Mitchell 
 You ain't ready, is you? I invest into every pistol 
 Aim on point like a steady missile 
 Heavy fiscal, I need that love, hundreds and dubs 
 Where the weed at? I need that drug, 'cause I'm addicted to it 
 Rhyme-boxes, start spittin' fluid 
 When y'all do it, seem don't nobody listen to it 
 Love from Philly, all the way to kids in Munich 
 Germany, I murder beats and add the difference to it 
 Word to Pazienza, smack your men's up, crack your limbs up 
 And leave you fucked up like a Latin's liver 
 "So listen up" 
 "They be scrapin' your cantaloupe off the pavement" 
 "You know we in the place with the guns in our waist" 
 "Step through the door, tore the shit off the hinges" <-(all sampled from "Stand Up" by M.O.P.) 
 (2X) 
 Verse 2 - Planetary: 
 This is the start of you dyin', Plan' spit with the heart of a lion 
 The belt of Orion wrapped around your neck with the iron 
 Pointed at your fuckin' chest, bitch niggas is cryin' 
 I'm with Reef The Lost Cauze and we causin' the violence 
 We causin' the murder that causin' niggaz carryin' burners 
 We the cause and effect of life, it's hard to observe us 
 You don't understand, we got the upper hand spittin' 
 First you need to over-stand, you soft like underhand pitchin' 
 You could tell I'm a Pun fan when I'm spittin' 
 Rappers like me are hard to come by, like coppin' Summer Jam tickets 
 You need to focus before you think to approach us 
 You scream "player" dog, we the coaches 
 Too ferocious, bo-guarded, every moment is precious 
 You niggas is co-starrin', we the stars of this epic 
 Unveilin' the secret, it's more than fairy tales that we preachin' 
 This that '94 boom bap shit that we teachin' 
 Verse 3 - Vinnie Paz: 
 Cut your head off, guillotine, Henry The 8th style 
 Y'all remindin' me of Cheddar Bob in 8 Mile 
 I wanna see everybody in the place wild 
 Anybody move, buck 'em in they face "Blaow!" 
 I stay bent daddy, night and day 
 Show 'em that I care when I send kites to Jay 
 It ain't nice, but it's right to say 
 It's real, when the cat gone, mice will play 
 It's ice today, but tomorrow you breathless 
 My team is on the same shit like collaborative efforts 
 We grab at your necklace, there's no other way 
 We bring it back to the East like we brother Jay 
 Any fuckin' day, you could come see us 
 North, South, West Philly, you don't wanna meet us 
 We some wild Puerto Ricans, Italians, Morenos 
 Fuck it! Let they brains blow 
 "They be scrapin' your cantaloupe off the pavement" (x4)