Yeah. Big Louie Dogs. Genocide General. Vinnie Paz. 
 My cousin Gutta. What up cuzzo? 
 Yeah walk with me. Yo, yo. 
 Verse 1 - Vinnie Paz: 
 It's murder or pain, to anyone who throw dirt on my name 
 I'm a surgeon and my purpose is to murder the game 
 I'm only scratching the surface with my verses, a Cain 
 I'm only casting the curses and they burst into flames 
 We the last of a dying breed 
 Listen to P.E. drink a st. ides and smoke exotic weed 
 You my son little crumb, the asylum seed 
 A.O.T.P. a mothafuckin' violent breed 
 I like to watch a rapper die and bleed 
 I'll beat his lungs to the African drums then the messiah leave 
 You be holdin' onto life till the Sri Lankan trees 
 I'm be holdin' onto mics and the Morocan seas 
 Listen rapper, we don't play, that's philosophically 
 Shoot for the head but my aim sloppy, I'll pop your knees 
 My body horror in the spiritual of Socrates 
 I'll bring the war and then I'll swing the sword at ?? 
 Verse 2 - Gutta: 
 Yo, I fuck niggas up on tour, still and set trip 
 With the fresh grip, dump the punk till the flesh rip 
 Just that fresh shit, the G shit that I love 
 Big Gutta got goons from Broadway to the dubs 
 Losing everything I love was my coldest bid 
 The coldest kid, fold this kid, split him up like Moses did 
 This piece violate at your door like Jehovah's Wit 
 The baller ?? savey type with Jevovah's wit 
 The chosen, the rest forfeit drown in frozen spit 
 Vietkong is the gang, you know who the soldier's with 
 Hush puppies be touch puppies, hush puppies 
 Saw a D in a dutch, fed grapes by lush hussies 
 My batallion barbarians, can't none of you touch me 
 Three silencers in the sky-box, puffin' on lovelies 
 I ain't got beef with god, so I don't shoot in the air 
 Chase 'em down for that Vick, my tenth sack of the year 
 Shook the leeches and zombies, trust the whammy's army 
 These rat mothafuckers try take my nigga Kwamy 
 When they try to play him, I slay them 
 This ain't no playpen, we wyl' for the night at 7 A.M. 
 But they won't take us alive, no 
 Gut spin bar, get choked and your spine broke 
 Catch me in my D-Back fitted with an OG Dodgers hat 
 My Neptunes niggas swarm on you harder than Mars attacks 
 You got one foot in the grave, after fash cash 
 I got both feet in the grave, I don't do shit half-ass 
 Get blinded by the neon, can't see the black mass 
 Get my intuition tellin' me it's a quarter past Paz 
 Kick a cainine in the nose, quick sniffin' my close 
 Kick a bitch in the ass, bitch quit sniffin' my blow 
 I pop guns and bubbly, yes and that bubbly, yes 
 Turn your beautiful mind to a ugly mess 
 Watch Chappelle and Leuitenant ??, ?? ?? 
 Surprise none of y'all ain't platinum yet, pussy sells 
 She some time when god leave her there, lungs still chokin' 
 When I meet god I'll be high with guns still smokin' 
 Yeah. Vinnie Paz.