"General" 
 Magnetic what up, what up Steele? Astro?? on this one fam. Niggas hate to learn (yep), and learn to hate though (haha). Please educate all comrads everyday (yessir). 
 "Listen to me." 
 Verse 1 - General Steele: 
 I pump death to the death, let the blind lead the dumb 
 I'm a mess when I'm stressed, use a mic like a gun 
 Shoot a verse through your vest verb shatter your chest 
 Every word I project manifests in the flesh 
 I'm destined to rep on deck where the weapon is kept 
 Fully loaded Smith and Wesson how I earned my respect 
 Steele the vet, I'm still ill, still with TEC 
 Still will kill that real with the King Magnetic 
 Verse 2 - Esoteric: 
 Check it, it's highly unlikely you cannot out-write me 
 You might need a bodyguard like Letterman I injure men 
 I'm vintage when I blast bayonets, jacket made of ninja skin 
 So interesting I reenact the son of Sam murders 
 Don't kid a Kinison no sin is innocent 
 I dress British, think Yiddish, my verse makes you all skiddish 
 Like De La's first iddish 
 It's Esoteric, fuck you cop outs, we knock cops out 
 You should watch out 
 'Cause we watch and ain't scared of the cops 
 And when I die my lawyer in Heaven is Johnny Cochran 
 So I spread my wings let freedom ring 
 Instead of shine I used to stay on the stoop and move this loot with my Jedi mind 
 Dred will find his essence, along with a weapon 
 Organize, rhyme my lines, or I deal with my ?? 
 ?? ?? No second guessing, triple my stakes 
 Violate, fist to the face, inspire my apes 
 Verse 5 - Jus Allah: 
 I recite grace, flashlight under my face 
 To some it's the past life come jumped in my place 
 Asunder my taste punish the mistakes come from my hate 
 Erase the look of wonder from her face, hunger awaits 
 Wear gloves, there will be blood 
 Not to get warmer hence two strips of crud for my lip corners 
 Supreme killing machine, I'm a busybody 
 A little hard work never killed anybody 
 Verse 6 - Vinnie Paz: 
 My mind a hologram cousin I've been nice since '86 
 Right around the time they started moving that grey shit 
 I ain't overcomplicated, give me the basics 
 Glock 45 Lord give you a facelift 
 I'm drunk all the time, every day May 5 
 Rhyming ain't for you god, stay on your dayshift 
 Negative motherfucker, I hate shit 
 Y'all are on that gay shit so you could make hits 
 Yo Mag, what up cousin? 
 What up baby 
 A.O.T.P. 
 Yeah. Let's go 
 Verse 7 - King Magnetic: 
 Fuck if you did and he suffered his tyranny 
 Harder than finding MCs that fuck with me lyrically 
 Every big touching me spiritually, knuckle invariably 
 Punk your security, sand dunes, nothing is near to me 
 ? And a mask like door math teacher 
 Not a killer but King Mag chalk out features 
 Have the coroner exploring you like Dora does ? caught a buzz 
 War with us you can't afford, get courted by more of us