(Feat. Apathy, Planetary) 
 Apathy: 
 The most toxic, dough overflows the pockets 
 With ho's so exotic, it blows your optics 
 I'm flashy, Egyptian kings couldn't surpass me 
 Chameleon Nikes that change colour to match me 
 I used to date a gangster bitch like Apache 
 But that dumb ho pronounced my name A-pathy 
 And ever since William Cooper been deceased 
 Police watch every AOTP release 
 And they tap when we speak 
 When we rap over beats 
 When we crap when we eat 
 Or relax with a freak 
 I'm a emperor, stay with a crown as a jury 
 Ride around when we dirty to the sound of the fury 
 You're unworthy, to walk this ground or observe me 
 Back packers pack bags leave town in a hurry 
 The AOTP, we just similar citizens 
 Sinister circle of serpants eatin virgins for dinner 
 Emergin as winners, from summer to winter 
 The sons of the ministers burnin down churches 
 And chokin Jehova's witnesses 
 Known for they viciousness, the ignorance kings 
 Who hang ho's from the ceiling by their clittoris rings 
 Manchurian Candidate, who's brain went AWOL 
 Walkin' through hurricane rainfall, with a chainsaw 
 Dr. Claw, droppin' y'all, only see my hand bitch 
 Catch you in the subway and serve you a knuckle sandwich 
 Vinny that's my brother, that motherfucker helped me 
 My first appearance ever was a Jedi Mind LP 
 So till our blood is absorbed, in morgue floor boards 
 We'll live by the sword, and die by the sword 
 Planentary: 
 ... It's the raw, Planetary 
 Let me explain the rain that is intended 
 To drown the universe and drain the heads selected 
 I'm like a pet detective, watchin' your dogs 
 I'm dodgin' the law, cops saw me plot in the fog 
 So I scooped Vinnie Paz, nigga hop in the car 
 I'm rockin' Pac, Big Pop, D-Block and Ras 
 Somebody gotta die, if I gots to go you gots to go 
 But I'm a die, with a hot flow 
 Timbs with my socks low 
 My death wish is to die on the Soul Plane 
 Next to Chuck D., Coltrane and Cobain 
 I never sniffed a fuckin' line of cocaine 
 I'm r.a.w., youngins don't know Kane 
 You just a lyin' coward 
 I'm rap's Brian Howard 
 Swingin' bats for the raps for ten violent hours 
 Paz dial the numbers, I supply 'em with thunder 
 It's the fourth quarter, bottom of summer (hahahaha...) 
 Vinnie Paz: 
 Yeah! Planet, What up baby? 
 Apathy, what up cousin? 
 AOTP in the buildin' 
 What up Reef, what up Mach 
 7l, Eso (teric) King Syze 
 All of y'all it's love baby 
 Yeah! 
 Yo I'm God incarnate, from the grimiest back blocks 
 Pazienza lyrical equivalent of sasquatch 
 Low shit, baggy nautica with the gatt cocked 
 You ho shit, tight jeans, pink with the tank top 
 You make the kind of rap music that fags watch 
 I make the kind of rap music that stab cops 
 I brought it raw, I been here ever since 
 I remember you the fagget wearin' gear like you prince 
 The type of fagget shed a tear when you pitch 
 I'm the type to disappear and reappear in a clinch 
 I'm here in a clinch, you know I'm always here for my fam 
 The type that fuck somebody up and drink a beer with my fam 
 BLAP BLAP! (hahahaha...) 
 Heh! Pazman, Louie Dogs! 
 Apathy,(hahahaha...) yeah, what up Plan, baby 
 (Fuckin' clowns) what's good? 
 (Jedi Mind in the buildin') AOTP 
 (Yo Stoupe) Celph, what up daddy? 
 Stoupe my brother 
 We runnin' this rap shit 
 We runnin' this rap shit 
 (Yeah, we runnin' it) 
 Jedi Mind, we runnin' this rap shit 
 (Yeah we runnin' that shit) 
 The God Jus Allah! 
 (What up God?) 
 It feels so good to be back baby! 
 Haha, feels so good... 
 Hahahaha... (Hahahaha...)