So many times I sit and ask myself why are you afraid to die. 
 What is this fear that blinds u 
 Is it the thought of uncontrollable pain or 
 Suffocating loss of oxygen to your brain 
 Is it the people you have in your heart 
 The ones closest by your side when your soul departs 
 Its just a question that haunts mankind 
 Where am I going? Is there an afterlife 
 I sit and think about it and my blood runs cold 
 The mysteries of life and all the stories untold 
 Why we here? Where we going?Why do I exist? 
 Is there a point or any answer to all of this? 
 Will my spirit walk restless amongst the grave? 
 Haunting generations in a vile of rage 
 Or will my body just rot for maggot feast? 
 Gnawing on my bones while I rest in peace 
 When you die 
 (Will u) re-a-lize 
 (What takes u) From this life I suffer 
 Diggin' myself out this hole that they buried me in 
 The fear of darkness when they lower me down 
 Will I be conscious to the fact that I'm up under the ground 
 And will I hearall the tears of the ones who attend 
 And the dirt hit my coffin when they lower me in 
 Or will I hover above lookin' down on me 
 Realize the situation and just what it all means 
 A body laid to rest and a spirit left to fly 
 No instruction or direction or a sky when I die 
 Is there a tunnel? Will I walk into the light? 
 See the people long lost who I knew in life 
 Will my back spread wings as the choir sings 
 A halo on my head that heavenly bling 
 And in the blink of an eye will it be smashed away? 
 Pulled into the grips of hell my soul left to pay 
 For the sins of my fater and the sins of his father 
 Will the demons leave me down like a lamb to the slaughter 
 Diggin' myself out of this hole that they buried me in to 
 All the things that we ever knew 
 Memories of this life coming back to you 
 O we rocked deep inside of a shallow grave 
 Eyes closed forever in our final resting place 
 Will we remember all the pain of being alone 
 And how the juggalo world took us into their home 
 And now this hatchet means more than a tat on my arm 
 Or this charm ill serve you up some bodily harm