I can hear them screaming through the forest at night (echoes) 
 Snakes (repeat and echoes) 
 In the belly of the beast, a place that's miles away 
 In a deep southern town where the devil comes to pray 
 A choir sings with their eyes sewn shut 
 By a stream the children playing, water flowing with blood 
 The pastor stands on his pulpit, while preaching of hell 
 On the hilltop church with demons ringing the bells 
 They toll twice for the missing and the recently departed 
 In the pews the congragation sits a hundred days rotted 
 Suffering is all around the stench of death in the air 
 Nobody seems to notice or nobody seems to care 
 Its just an everyday life and a normal routine 
 People walking right by, but never notice the screams 
 A backwoods philosophy passed down through the ages generations of murder, written down in these 
 Pages 
 Of a book overlooked and forgotten in history 
 A place where the secret is surrounded by mystery 
 I can hear them screaming through the forest at night! 
 They pray with snakes... and they poison my mind! 
 I can hear them screaming through the forest at night! 
 They pray with snakes... and they poison my mind! 
 Was it a curse or a sickness that raised in the minds, 
 Of these sacreligous hillbillies raised with the swine? 
 No remorse in the soul and their hearts pitch black 
 Thirsty for the blood hound murder contact 
 Feasting on the brains of the ones they call sinners 
 Cousin cletus in the kitchen carving torsos for dinner 
 In a barn on a meat hook bodies are hanging, 
 In a cellar by a chain more bodies are swinging! 
 And in the fields like a scene from an old parking lot 
 Abandoned for so many years cars left to rot 
 And buried in the garden in a hole dug deep 
 All the bones and belongings all piled in a heep 
 Ungodly sounds of torture echo through the trees 
 The screams of suffering still blowing in the breeze 
 Not on any map undiscovered, never surveyed 
 The secrets of a small town kept locked away... 
 I can hear them screaming through the forest at night! 
 They pray with snakes... and they poison my mind! 
 I can hear them screaming through the forest at night! 
 They pray with snakes... and they poison my mind! 
 (On just about any warm afternoon you can find a weathered looking white haired man wondering 
 The hills searching for poisonous snakes, not to kill, but to bring back with him... to 
 Church... he is a serpent handler) 
 I can hear them screaming through the forest at night! 
 They pray with snakes... and they poison my mind! 
 I can hear them screaming through the forest at night! 
 They pray with snakes... and they poison my mind