I ain't never had no easy life 
 What I have become, didn't come from thinking twice, 
 Put That On everything (everything), everyone (everyone) 
 Born to feel the prophecy the sun of the seventh son... 
 I was born with a full tongue, Born to Spit the Wicked Shit 
 Child circumstances made the motherfucking shit legit 
 Even as a little kid I knew that most would hate me 
 My uncle tried to kill me, that's the things that help to make me 
 Lost up in my mind, I never fuck with any medications 
 Slowly over time went from crazy into desperation 
 Never learned to cope with feeling Never felt a fucking thing 
 Never gave a fuck enough so never place no fucking blame 
 Haters talk about me they knew something was wrong 
 Starting choking out my friends and they knew that I was gone, 
 I was labeled as a bad seed said I need therapy 
 In and out of schools for drug abuses and vulgarities 
 Sent away so many times try to fix a broken child 
 He told me he's fucking sick the little bastard never smiles. 
 A lot of doctors teachers family members, said they all say 
 I wanna take the time to thank them for the man I am today. 
 When the devil came to Georgia made his 1st stop at Covington 
 Looked me in the eyes and told me son your the seventh one 
 Put ya-up in the paper, put ya blood in every fickin line, 
 An angel on my shoulder put my blood in every fuckin' rhyme. 
 Been a little crazy but I got a way that I can deal 
 Now I got some people understandin how the fuck I feel. 
 Instead of choking bitches out and catchin me a murder case 
 I get up in the booth and let the mic take these bitches place. 
 Been in trials 'n' tribulations put me in a situation 
 Went from sittin' in the back to preachin to the congregation. 
 Many tried to douse the flame throw some Sodom in my game 
 Stab me in my fuckin' back n I ain't gotta say no names. 
 Came from rehabilitation runnin' streets to pocket change 
 Now I hit the road in busses people screamin out my name. 
 I ain't think I make it thought that adolescence was they in. 
 But I'm just getting started let the age of the crow begin 
 I ain't never had no easy life. Everything, Everyone.