Yeah... uh 
 Yeah... uh 
 (Verse One] [Phonte) 
 'Bout a 9 on the Richter Scale 
 With a whole lotta mixtapes and shit to sale 
 Soon as the LB hit the shelves 
 Y'all niggas is ass out like Chip and Dale's 
 Not Rescue Rangers, we don't rescue strangers 
 Who jump ship, 'cause they ain't think our ship would sail 
 And now they tremblin, cause Tay's the Gremlin 
 Who won't let y'all niggas eat after twelve 
 Me and my team, yeah we be lampin' 
 And let y'all silly niggas, yeah we be laughin' 
 Y'all ain't gory fellas, y'all, are storytellers 
 On some, "Well y'know this one time at band camp..." shit 
 You don't wanna go to war with the captain 
 Tell ya boy to fall back like he was relapsin' 
 I'ma do it to death! (yeah...) 
 I'ma do it to death! (uh) 
 I'ma do it to death! (yeah...) 
 I'ma do it to death! (uh) 
 (Verse Two] [Supastition) 
 You can voice your opinion, you could front on my LP 
 Criticize all you want but can't none of ya tell me (what?) 
 That I don't deserve this, you lucky that we breathin 
 Trust me, there's a REASON I'm runnin' with LB 
 And we ain't goin' out maine, crippled by the industry 
 Since rollin' out, the fame triple tremendously 
 The hunger still there, must I remind these dudes? 
 When dinner is frozen pizza and Chinese food 
 I'm self-managed, self-made, and certainly self-centered 
 Nobody would take the job so I cast myself in it 
 (By choice) I'm independent, you'll understand in a minute 
 Learn from all the red tape, I went through in the beginnin' 
 (Gimme mine!) But see the bad side of Supastition 
 I'ma do it to death and here's proof I did it, ya know? 
 I'ma do it to death! (yeah...) 
 I'ma do it to death! (uh) 
 I'ma do it to death! (yeah...) 
 I'ma do it to death! (uh) 
 (Verse Three][Rapper Big Pooh) 
 Youngin you write cautious, I flow nauseous 
 You Datsun, we Porsches; stirrin' up losses 
 For bosses or so-called bosses 
 Runnin' back home to you porches, nauseous 
 Cause and effect, it's because of me 
 You don't get no respect, and you ain't learned yet 
 That you are no threat, and I will not fret 
 I get more love than you on your own set 
 I'm willin' to bet you got someone in ya ear 
 Tellin' you, all the pretty shit you wanna hear 
 Like how you gon really put a end in my career 
 Keep sayin', "You a beast" muh'fucker, not here 
 'Cause I am the king, and this is my throne 
 And all that treason will not be condoned 
 I'ma do it to death! (yeah...) 
 I'ma do it to death! (uh) 
 I'ma do it to death! (yeah...) 
 I'ma do it to death! (uh) 
 (Verse Four] [Rhymefest) 
 This is the Black Civil War (war); poor vs. the poor 
 Hood vs. the block, what's Down South vs. the North 
 Small town vs. the big city (city) 
 Kinda like Pac vs. Biggie 
 We get to see the hearse creep 
 Up the street, while the labels is thirs-TY 
 Laughin' and placin' bets like, (ha ha) "Who gon have the biggest first week?" 
 WOOOW! See James Brown bit the dust 
 Everybody said, "Don't nobody speak for US!" 
 You can't tell a nigga shit, turn the speakers up 
 Get the freaks for us, light the reefer up 
 All that Malcolm X {?} too deep for us 
 Yeah, you right so that spells defeat for us 
 Naw I'm wearin my vest, and I'm loadin' my tec 
 And I'm reppin my set, WHAT DA FUCK YOU EXPECT?! BLAOW! 
 I'ma do it to death! (yeah...) 
 I'ma do it to death! (uh) 
 I'ma do it to death! (yeah...) 
 I'ma do it to death! (uh)