(Rhymefest) 
 Can't you see? 
 When the pain goes deep, you need an IV. 
 Bumaye, El Che to Ali. 
 It's all good, Jamaicans say, "I'm ari." 
 Nah that's not me. It's all irony. 
 I'm tryna be down to Earth, India Arie. 
 Without the oils and beads, but where I'm free 
 From the wars and haters tryna stop me. 
 No, it's not me. I swear it's not me. 
 I blame my father for running out when I was three. 
 Born in the ghetto I'm a product of society. 
 I blame my eighth grade teacher for tryna silence me. 
 Yeah, I act violently. 
 I used to feel like God don't love me. 
 Maybe the problem is I don't love me. 
 I was livin' wrong so my mom don't trust me. 
 But I know who I am, God don't make ugly 
 Or mistakes or lies, my mistakes is mine. 
 Told my girl pack her bags, no more wasting time. 
 Any excuse is lame, if you stay we dyin' 
 I ain't look to nobody for help, I'm, I'm... 
 (Michael Jackson) 
 I'm starting with the man in the mirror! 
 I'm asking him to change his ways! 
 And no message could have been any clearer! 
 If you wanna make the world a better place 
 Take a look at yourself and then make a change! 
 I've been a victim of 
 A selfish kind of love. 
 It's time that I realize 
 There are some with no home, 
 Not a nickel to loan! 
 Could it be really me 
 Pretending that they're not alone? 
 (Rhymefest) 
 Look, 
 We talk about places we destined to be 
 Unaware of your own life's destiny. 
 I asked this crazy dude, "Why you talk to yourself?" 
 He said, "Who can answer my questions better than me, huh?" 
 We claim the pain, we claim we sane. 
 We change the shame, regret and then shift the blame. 
 Runnin' with bags, I'mma miss my plane. 
 I will not stand in the standby lane. 
 Good guys stood by then got slain. 
 Then got set up, then got blamed. 
 Malcolm X, Tupac, this is insane. 
 This is that thing that kills the black man. 
 What happened to Garvey should not happen again. 
 What happened to T.I.P. and Dr. King. 
 This is that anguish, this is that pain. 
 This is why Prince sing about Purple Rain, ah... 
 [Michael Jackson] (Choral Singers) 
 I'm starting with the man in the mirror! (Ooh!) 
 I'm asking him to change his ways! (Ooh!) 
 And no message could have been any clearer! 
 If you wanna make the world a better place 
 Take a look at yourself then make that... (Change!) 
 I'm starting with the man in the mirror! (Oh yeah!) 
 I'm asking him to change his ways! (Better change!) 
 No message could have been any clearer! 
 (If you wanna make the world a better place) 
 (Take a look at yourself and then make the change!) 
 (You gotta get it right while you got the time) 
 ('Cause when you close your heart then you close your...) 
 You can't close your... Your (Mind!) 
 That man, that man, that man! 
 (With the man in the mirror, oh yeah!) 
 That man! I'm asking him to change his ways! 
 That man, that man, that man, you know...