You can send us to the state penitentiary. You can send us to the county farm or your county jails and hit us across the head with your sticks and let your dogs bite us. But we don't care. 'Cause we ain't scared of your jail now, 'cause we want our freedom! 
 "You understand that nigga? You understand that?" 
 Real nigga quotes. El Che. Real nigga quotes. Uh, Chi-Town. Look, Plug City. 
 "And this I quote" 
 (Verse One) 
 We ain't land on Plymouth Rock 
 The Rock landed on us 
 So we cut it up and bag it till it land us in cuffs 
 I beat a nigga down till he can't stand to get up 
 And spread the word around till our whole planet gets touched 
 These real nigga quotes, they the quotes I hope 
 Can help brothers who sell dope or feel worthless broke 
 Malcolm X said we gotta get paid by any means 
 If you don't stand for somethin' you'll fall for anything 
 Yeah 
 All for one, one for all 
 Grab a gun and keep bustin' if I happen to fall 
 Don't look back, 'cause when they have you back to the crawl 
 Back to that 9 to 5 with your back to the wall 
 That's why I say, "Fuck 'em all" 
 Hillary, Jesse Jack, even Barrack's involved 
 When police beatin' our ass, none of y'all do a damn thang 
 But you can raise a hundred million for a campaign? 
 Homie, you better explain 
 I'm in a cell with a nigga that look like Ving Rhames 
 When it rains it pours 
 This the type of rhyme that'll spark the war 
 Part the floor 
 Empower the poor 
 Read my lips 
 Primo start the chorus 
 (Scratch chorus) 
 "And this I quote" 
 (Verse Two) 
 You want the truth? 
 You can't handle the truth 
 Snitch recruits, federal agents on the roof 
 Chicks that's cute 
 Don't turn around when they pull it! 
 (Sample of Bill Clinton talking) 
 "I did not have sexual relations with that woman" 
 I hope not fam-o 
 Praise the lord and pass the ammo 
 ? Holy Koran say to tie your camel 
 That mean protect your interests 
 Block the entrance 
 Don't let them hit you off with them new offenses 
 The walls are barred, the guns the guards 
 You can jail me 
 Still you can't imprison a cause 
 Me against the world? 
 That just even the odds 
 You hate life, you believe that it's hard 
 So I'm comin' with these real nigga quotes 
 They the quotes I hope 
 Can help brothers who sell dope or feel worthless broke 
 Malcolm X said we gotta get paid by any means 
 If you don't stand for somethin' you'll fall for anything 
 (Different men talking) 
 Uncle Sam, who is guilty of all of thee, uh, violations of our rights that have taken place in this country. 
 So the only way our people can really get some meaningful results. It has to be taken out of Uncle Sam's hands. 
 It is a fact that WE built this country. Nobody else. I'll explain that to you. 
 When this country started, economically it was an agricultural country. The cash crop on the world market was cotton. WE PICKED THE COTTON! WE PICKED THE COTTON! We did. 
 Why do you insist on keeping us caged? You know all that does is intensify rage. 
 Every group of brothers should have at least one white guy, for safety. For when the shit goes down, somebody's gonna have to talk to the police. 
 The black man must be a provider. He must be a maintainer. He must secure and protect the black woman. 
 The black man who will not work is a black man who is a drag to the black family. A black man who only knows how to make a baby but does not know how to protect that child, who does not want to feed and secure that child, is an enemy to the rise of the black man. I want you to understand it. I want to talk to you brother. 
 We shall overcome. 
 Just tell me you don't do that in the revolution. You don't do any singin', you're too busy swingin'. 
 Real nigga quotes.