And I'm just walking down the street tryin' to find me something to eat and I ran across this freak, who was talking about, she was trying to sell some pussy to me for 'bout 40 dollars a nut, and I like to nut lyke three times, so that's 120 dollars I can save if this bitch just gives me some pussy for free. right, but she wasn't listening to me, so she followed me to the room and, you know, I assume I'm just gonna get some head for a minute or two... 
 She came through the door, put her shoes on the floor and... 
 On that big brass bed I throwed her, bitch never saw such a dick that I showed her. 
 I put her over then I told her to control her voice, she had no problem bitch had a pussy hole of a horse. 
 I opened it up, I stuck my dick in, she caught her wind and said "huh ah", looked at me and said "D, do you love me not?" 
 I said "biiitch, what are you smoking, your pussy ain't no better than the rest" and kept stroking. 
 She started crying, but still she kept her legs open, steady wishing and hopin' that she could be mrs coplin, bitch your crazier than you look, go wipe that cum out your nose, 'cause you're nothing but 40 hundred croff snatchin hoe who... 
 Tried to sell me some pussy, but no, you ain't gonna sell no pussy to me x2 
 She said she love me, I'm the only nigga that can make her left thigh shake, 
 She want that money, that ice that she strife, let me get that cake... 
 Yeah, if you sell me some pussy bitch, you can't have it back. 
 It's all mines now, I'm the owner of your pussy cat, you can't manipulate a player with pussy games and tricks, matter fact, it's 500 bitch for some dick, uh. 
 Niggers either begging and pleading for some pussy hole, not me nigger 'cause I keep my looks all in a row. 
 Meaning that they understand, and is they all mine and if they can't mine bitch move your ass down the line. 
 Bust a couple and I'm feeling fine, I don't really have the time to help you out your fucking buying, your destiny you gotta fire. 
 You gotta have an understanding my personality demanding, keep them lips tight I'm busting like a cannon. 
 Oh, do not haste, to lower your face below my waste to take a taste of paste it's not a disgrace. 
 Ask me what her solution, I told her prositution, bitch she do it down in houstun. 
 Tryin' to sell me some pussy, but no, you ain't gonna sell no pussy to me... x2 
 She said she love me, I'm the only nigga that can make her left thigh shake, 
 She want that money, that ice that she strife, let me get that cake... 
 Hey, say, I'm so glad we had this oppurtunity so please let us seaze this moment in time, and I'm inclined to tell you something intellectual, let me get up in your ear, near, whisper something sexual, I bet you will. she said "please you can say that, you're just talking shit, swallow, spit I'm paid cash" 
 I said whoa, hold on mama, how we getting all of this and just like some claws she went down a little bit, she said "30 for some head, 50 for some ass, we've gotta 20 dollar jack off special, but you gotta do it fast" 
 Really all you need is personal management, and on the cool I specialize in working with damaged shit. 
 Got all this cash, dunno how to handle it, and it's funny how you make money off these hotted sandwiches. 
 The advantage is, I get that thaang for free, so you ain't gonna get no change from me... 
 Tryin' to sell me some pussy, but no, you ain't gonna sell no pussy to me... x2 
 She said she love me, I'm the only nigga that can make her left thigh shake, 
 She want that money, that ice that she strife, let me get that cake...