Featuring Bushwick Bill 
 (Dope-E) 
 Yeah, getting ready to slash to media... 
 You see, what you need to do is start jocking the right information... 
 Fuck the media coming straight from The Terrorists crew 
 I don't love none of y'all hoes so fuck you 
 You never understand the things I write 
 Until you spend a night in the South Park twilight 
 I'm steadily trying to reach my black folks 
 But all you want to see is a nigga with black locs 
 And you be knowing what the fuck we be saying 
 And you know damn well we ain't playing 
 Now, as simple as that, stop spreading lies 
 Before I place M-60 right between your eyes (Yaips!) 
 Cause now y'all got me mad as hell 
 And all you jealous pens' writing tattle tales 
 But I don't give a fuck about your ass 
 See, y'all just mad a nigga rolling in cold cash 
 I'm down with Rap-A-Lot, now I got a lot 
 And I'll be damned to let you fuck over what I got 
 I kick that knowledge on a roughest tip 
 Call Egypt soft, you be bloody with a busted lip 
 All because I rap with a slang and hang... 
 With the South Park Coaliton game 
 Together forever, hard niggas real tight 
 Everybody strapped with them 9's and we will fight 
 Crashing bodies and throwin'em in the trash 
 Grab their pens and pads and shove it up their ass 
 Fuck the media... 
 (Bushwick Bill) 
 Fuck them mothafuckas, Dope-E... 
 (Fuck them mothafuckas, Dope-E, 'cause I don't love'em...) 
 Me and Dope-E are the world's first fully functional homicide agency... 
 (Them mothafuckas come on TV fucking with you, man...) 
 You don't really want to fuck with me... 
 (Nothing but lies fucking us...) 
 Wait till they get a load of us... 
 (Wait till they get a load of me...) 
 (Dope-E) 
 You ask why I rap about violence and not peace 
 Hoe, get out my face before I burn you with some hot grease 
 Yeah, Dope-E know the game 'cause I'm down 
 See, everything I tell you now later it'll be changed around 
 Now, why you want to start some static... 
 With The Terrorists knowing damn well we cause tragic 
 Fatal disastors, you betta run and hide 
 'Cause I play Quincy and inject you with some syanide 
 Catch somebody else, one by one, that oughta get'em 
 If not I'm forced to use another form of terrorism 
 Either I'm violent or silent, bodies still drop 
 Johnny lost steps up, no sweat, Nip kills cops 
 See, what you failed to understand I'm a black poet 
 A brainchild of this society so blow it out your asshole 
 'Cause I write what I see... 
 In the streets of Houston and on the screens of the TV 
 And that's the way it is and that's the way it gonna be 
 And keep your distance and your hands off me 
 When I'm in concert give me some clearance 
 Remember, fatal mishaps happen when there interference 
 Fuck the media... 
 (Bushwick Bill) 
 I likes the way it sounds... Hah hah ha... 
 (Fuck them mothafuckas...) 
 But yo, dig this, man... 
 (God damn them sons of bitches...) 
 Them mothafuckas ain't never been where we been... 
 (Do they know who they fucking with?) 
 They never seen what we have seen... 
 (Don't they know I'm their worst nightmare?) 
 Yeah, I tried to kill myself and got shot in a eye... 
 (I'm a type of mothafucka you think you see but I'm not really there...) 
 And then the media want to ask me why? 
 (But all my thoughts are clear...) 
 What if I would put you under the same pressures you put me under? 
 (I live off fear...) 
 How would you like the microscope to be on your ass? 
 (All I want to do is suck his blood dry and smoke some fry...) 
 Don't you know that the ghetto's nothing but a modern day Vietnam? 
 (And your mama want to ask why? Hah hah ha...) 
 And my backyard is a concentration camp... 
 (Man, fuck them, man...) 
 And you wonder why I smoke amp... 
 (You like to report shit?) 
 Because you mothafuckas put it in my neighborhood 
 Cause you always up to no good... 
 (Report to get my mothafucking fist out of your mother's forehead...) 
 But fuck you... Fuck the government... Fuck everything you stand for... 
 ('Cause I know half of my body is Chuckie 
 And the other half is Bushwick...) 
 Cause you say that way... All the same, all created equal... 
 (And fucking over media ain't nothing but child's play...) 
 Only thing that's equal is a fact 
 That you're white and know how to add up... Hah ha... 
 (Fuck media with that Tell-Lie-Vision...) 
 And some drag to my black ass from what's rightfully mines... 
 (I already know you telling lies to my vision...) 
 It's ok... It all don't have to make sense... 
 (And Dope-E is ready to light some true facts...) 
 See, 'cause I already know that I'm not all together there... 
 (And you are just straight up full of shit...) 
 But your psychiatrist put me there... 
 (Weather reporters...) 
 But fuck'em... Fuck them all... 
 (We be out there on the streets... We are in the middle of a war zone...) 
 All I need is more knowledge, more wisdom and more understanding... 
 (Y'all sit back behind your desk...) 
 So I can see even clearer... 
 (And send some other sucker to tell you some shit that ain't even true...) 
 And fuck over your bitch ass... 
 (But if you keep fucking with me you gonna know what is what...) 
 Yai-yai-yaiks on your bitch ass!