... Hate on a nagger than mean it 
 Throwing money in the air 
 There is no reason to save it 
 Lift your glasses ... niggers gonna hate on us 
 I am the one all the models wanna holler on us 
 ... To bring my bottles back 
 As I take my sip I reminiscence the life I have 
 I throw at myself 'cause I've made it 
 From out the basement ... your favorite 
 Gotta admit the shit we're doing is amazing 
 I am on a a list my ears are to the pavement 
 I hear the streets talk 
 They want the bleed talk 
 ... No I mean my fault 
 I was on the fame shit I went out to dublin 
 To drink away this pain shit 
 Everybody saying shit 
 Me I don't explain shit 
 I don't get emotional 
 Never tried to sing shit 
 Everybody blame shit 
 I wish I could have changed 
 But the fact remains the same 
 It's just a game bitch 
 Toast to the past while we celebrate the new ... 
 Get low kush gang that's the new crew 
 I am on my own tour ...you thought I was just ... shit 
 You thought I was ... words just to hear what they sound like 
 I was trying to tell you nigger what really went down tonight 
 I am going through a phase life is like a fucking maze 
 I record in may fuck what the critics say 
 Got lost friends now I am talking to their ghost 
 My lost friends took the money not their ghost 
 And niggers hate me I wonder why they feel so 
 'Cause I did nothing nigger but what I know 
 I take a sip of this champagne 
 The good life tastes good at your ... 
 Really no ... when you really go hard 
 You get pops and stars ... cars 
 Kush and balls like ... 
 You ain't never live it what the fuck are you telling 
 Niggers say I am good cause ... is good 
 But none of my albums went ... 
 So ... hooding 
 Look mighty good like a really nagger should 
 ... While we toast it 
 Hold another ... why would I ever complain 
 I let the bitches do it for me I just make the money 
 I don't promote nothing the haters do it for me 
 And I am the one in the hood ... honestly I can really say fuck you all 
 But the ... in the matrix 
 And some of you took the wrong pill 
 Cause these niggers haven't forgot what is real