Listening to the sound of the car speeding by outside 
 Somebody's yelling, ain't no telling what they arguing 'bout 
 Long as I'm in here, ain't no fear I'll be quite all right 
 Says the coward from his bed, too afraid of stepping out 
 But but, what you gon' do when the lights come on? 
 What you gon' do when the lights come on? 
 You see me riding round in my big car, with my cigar, and my dark skin 
 Got my Rollie on, and my Aldamar, you see how they look when I walk in 
 I'm smelling like the new fragrance 
 Its called "Rich Nigga I Made It" 
 And I ain't stunting no hating 
 I'm all up under his lady 
 What you gon' do when the lights come on? 
 What you gon' do when the lights come on? 
 Turn the lights on 
 Listening to the sound of the car speeding by outside 
 Somebody's yelling ain't no telling what they arguing bout 
 Long as I'm in here ain't no fear I'll be quite all right 
 Says the coward from his bed, too afraid of stepping out 
 I ain't scared I'mma show you what I'm about 
 What you gon' do when the lights come on? 
 What you gon' do when the lights come on? 
 You see me posted up, with this thick joint, in these big stones, with my Cuban link 
 Got Cubans with me, got a Jewish lawyer, got way more paper than you would think 
 And my house got some many acres 
 Can't even see my neighbours 
 And you still asleep, but when you wake up 
 Don't ask me for no favours 
 What you gon' do when the light come on? 
 What you gon' do when the lights come on? Turn the lights on 
 What you gon' do? When the lights come on 
 What you gon' do? When the lights come on 
 I went and brought the Bentley cash, I went and brought the Bentley cash 
 It was powder blue, I wore a thousands jewels and got my braud a Fendi bag 
 'Cause I love my girl to death and I ain't mean no disrespect 
 But I was 25, and had a million on me, so them girls was sending texts 
 What you gon' do when the lights come on, but the club owner still bringing ones out? 
 Sending emails to them females from the hot tub, got me feeling like its Run's House 
 Got me all the onyx, blowing all the chronic, I don't even smoke, but smoke all around me 
 I ain't use to chief, but now they calling on me, that's the price of dealing with a baller mami 
 Got rich before I got famous 
 Now shit is starting to get dangerous 
 And if you think money won't change shit 
 Wait until you buy a hundred thousand dollar chain bitch 
 Turn the lights on