Daily Beloved, We are gathered here tonight, 
 In celebration of a new day, A new voice 
 A new world 
 Yeah, trick or treat, mask on its halloween 
 Above the clouds so I'm drinkin' like I'm Charlie Sheen 
 Outfit is last ... fashion week 
 Contemplatin takin' my bitch to a brassery, 
 After class I had to misses do my homework, 
 While I smoked a J, then I bone her, 
 Billion dollar dreams I'm getting closer 
 Politicing with my jewish friends keep it kosher 
 Went from poverty, to buyin property, 
 To having R-N-B bitches ridin' on top of me, 
 Now the fake rap niggaz is makin' a mockery, 
 Of the culture we've built worst than a robbery, 
 Critically aclaimed, 3 syllable name, 
 Cleaner than mineral water in a criminal vein, 
 Married to the game, dress her in ?veroan?, 
 Shake down to the casquet. 
 Mom's had the struggle, pap's wasn't there 
 Raised by the streets middle finger in the air, 
 I'm a billionaire, a slumdog billionaire. 
 Back from the dead, strap no fed, 
 East to the west, say my name and I appear, 
 I'm a billionaire, a slumdog billionaire, 
 A slumdog billionaire. 
 All black sipping white wine 
 We've been waiting for this night for a life time, 
 You can hear the pain through the mic line, 
 Speakin' from the heart dear valentine 
 Slumdog fresh outta the kettle, 
 Headed to my sweet, but the label wont pay for my dental, 
 On the road to riches, Came a long way from a demo, 
 -------------------------------------------- 
 Somebody betta wake em, tell 'em where I came from, 
 Pop's wasn't there, nigga stay caged up, 
 I was playin' toss with the neighbors, so if you see em, 
 Tell 'em I don't needa favor, I'm good, (good) 
 Smokin' on that good, swisher sweet no backwood, 
 Gettin' show money, no pay stubs, 
 I don't give a fuck in this bitch, kanye shook?, 
 Mom's had the struggle, pap's wasn't there 
 Raised by the streets middle finger in the air, 
 I'm a billionaire, a slumdog billionaire. 
 Back from the dead, strap no fed, 
 East to the west, say my name and I appear, 
 I'm a billionaire, a slumdog billionaire, 
 A slumdog billionaire. 
 ...Broken down with the coke 
 Got my ...money... got the dough music 
 Fish... fish... fake nigga ...real nigga show in love 
 ... Big bodies, rolling in big ... 
 Sticky they call the ... get the paper straight 
 ...With the substance... and even when I try to pass go 
 There's no way I can keep the ...