(Feat. Grand Daddy I.U.) 
 Yeah, drop it like it's hot kid 
 Huh, so let's set this off 
 Uh - c'mon (yeah baby c'mon) 
 Uh, yeah baby c'mon (yeah baby c'mon) 
 Uh, yeah baby c'mon (yeah baby c'mon) 
 Uh, yeah baby c'mon (Yeah BABY C'MON, kick it) 
 (Verse One) 
 Minnie the Moocher, bad hoochie-coocher 
 Innocent sweet but the girl might shoot ya 
 In your back, because she moves like dat 
 So let me run it to your tapes, microphone yo contact 
 Minnie used to be a fly girl (fly girl) 
 By the way, she used to be my girl (my girl) 
 But now she's a floozie and got a, kid with an uzi 
 And the question I asked her was why girl (why girl) 
 Now you can call this freak a good looker (yeah) 
 Or you can call the (ho) a good hooker 
 But a guy came by with a (dick) that was bigger than mine 
 And guess what he took her - come down! 
 Minnie de moocha, minnie de moocha 
 Minnie de moocha she a bad oochie coo-cha 
 Ya don't know 'er, I and I introduce ya 
 [?]Sha pask[?] here come fling-da-ding, what I know 
 (Verse Two) 
 For this girl I was lost in the sauce and had to pay the cost 
 In order to be the boss 
 I was on it but knew how she was livin' 
 And every time I seen her it seems that I was driven 
 Posess will possess you like +The Exorcist+ 
 She was, so bad the devil's son-in-law he couldn't even resist 
 It was said in the bed she was wicked 
 Married men - they couldn't help but stop and kick it 
 Fellas passin her was harassin her 
 "You got a man," they was frequently askin her 
 And she loved that, stone to the bone 
 And wouldn't give it up, not even for a happy home 
 Not for a man and a family 
 But every Friday night, they was bettin that she was sure to be 
 At your local discotech 
 Dancin dirty, uh, and workin up a sweat 
 The neighborhood heart breaker 
 And once you made her yours, the next man would come and take her 
 Away to the Casbah 
 Because you didn't have it goin' on, up to par 
 I'm a million dollar man but I'm not Steve Austin 
 You can take the cake but what's the cake without frostin 
 Success ain't nothin' without someone to share it with 
 Except a girl with a Robin Givens starter kit 
 She did it hit it and quit it and now she's gone 
 See ya! But ya know I know 
 (Chorus: patois chat here may be wrong) 
 Minnie de moocha, minnie de moocha 
 Minnie de moocha she a bad oochie coo-cha 
 This is a gyal who won't no keep one lover 
 She no care fi no guy [??] [??] and don't want no 
 [?] Pocket man you haffi have sold a lot 
 Crisp Benz wha you drivin' a Path-finder 
 You haffi, live de life of a big-timer (and what else) 
 Minnie de moocha not ga deal witcha, come down 
 (Verse Three) 
 She knew a guy named Smokey (Smokey) 
 She loved him a lot, because he used to buy her coke see [sniff] 
 Yeah gram after gram (mmm) 
 She kinda remind me of this girl named Pam 
 But Minnie looked much better 
 To top it off, she had a ninety-two Jetta 
 Now that's a girl who love to ball 
 She didn't want a lot of things cause hey, she wanted it all 
 Him, him and him 
 Yeah the guy with the Benz and the five-star rims 
 She had a million dollars in nickels and dimes 
 And sat around and counted 'em all a million times 
 She was tall, fly, and skinny 
 And if you don't know I'm talkin' bout Minnie the Moocher 
 Minnie de moocha, minnie de moocha 
 Minnie de moocha she a bad oochie coo-cha 
 Minnie de moocha, minnie de moocha 
 Ya don't know 'er, I and I introduce ya 
 (More patois that may be wrong) 
 Listen me [?], and in me rasta 
 Long time dis ya gal I and I a check for 
 But when they, turn me back she run go with me brudda 
 She want me, run off and [?] have sex witcha [?] 
 Want me, fetch the ras me want fi go look for ya 
 An' lick a hole inna ya head a with me millimeter 
 She don't want no, [?] pocket man she want a big spenda 
 [?] Dis run a ting, I and I no check for, so come! 
 Minnie de moocha, minnie de moocha 
 Minnie de moocha she a bad oochie coo-cha 
 Ya don't know 'er... 
 (Positive, Positive, ooh, another hit baby) 
 (Positive, Positive, ooh, another hit baby)