Cruising down the strand like "What's up?" Like "What's up?" 
 Girlies in the sand, tan and buzzed, tanning butts 
 My favorite shoes on my feet, my shorts say La Freak 
 And my tank is a shirt that's cut (Chicka ah) 
 Everybody think I'm a star (He's a star) 
 Riding slow, sitting low with my monkey handlebars 
 And I'm weaving through the skaters 
 And tripping on them haters 
 'Cause I'm doing it real extra large 
 I got a Koozie on my brew so the cops don't sweat me 
 They ain't tripping on what I'm sipping on 
 'Cause it look like a Pepsi 
 Ask me what I'm doing (What you doing?) 
 Ask me what I'm doing (What you doing?) 
 Ask me what I'm doing (What you doing?) 
 Ask me what I'm doing 
 I got a Koozie on my brew so the cops don't sweat me 
 They ain't tripping on what I'm sipping on 
 'Cause it look like a Pepsi 
 Ask me what I'm doing (What you doing?) 
 Ask me what I'm doing (Uh, what are you doing?) 
 I'm at the beach, cruisin' 
 I'm at the beach, cruisin' 
 Today is the day I just cruise 
 I need to roll to the store to get some more brews 
 And I look so automatic weaving through the traffic 
 It's a bad habit, but goddamn it, the food smooth 
 I pull up at the grocery 
 Cling cling, cling cling so they know it's me 
 "No bikes allowed!" yelled security 
 But with my beat so loud, I ain't heard the G 
 Two girls like, "Hey, Foo!" I'm like, "Yeah, baby" 
 Cru-cru-cru-cruising down the aisle 
 Weaving through the old ladies 
 That Corona is a classic so I put some in my basket 
 Pull up to the clerk, she said, "Paper or plastic?" 
 Now security is hooting and hollering 
 But I, I, I, I can't be bothered, man 
 I'm like, ask me what I'm doing (What you doing?) 
 Ask me what I'm doing 
 (Uh, whatcha doing? What the fuck you doing?) 
 I'm at the beach, cruisin' 
 I'm at the beach, cruisin' 
 Lying on the beach feeling buzzed 
 These two girls aren't naked, but I really wish they was 
 Then they say, "Let's go back to our crib 
 You see that beach house?" 
 I'm like "That's where y'all live?" 
 They say "We're house sitting for my parents friends" 
 I'm like "Oh, really" as I pulled down my lens 
 Winked and a blink chilling at the kitchen sink 
 Pouring two more shots, it's really getting hot 
 Proceed to go to the jacuzzi 
 Both leading me and they showing me the booty 
 I feel it's my duty, I feel it's my job 
 This is the moment where I look up and thank God 
 We all got ridiculous, my kill count increases 
 They said they weren't religious but I made them scream "Oh, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus..." 
 Ay yo, Q! Yeah, I just went in and got two 
 Hey man, where you at? 
 I'm at the beach cruisin' 
 Yeah, okay, well shit, yeah 
 Yeah, I'mma go pick up some more brews 
 You know what I'm saying 
 Yeah, yeah, call Dave, call Ryan, call Garcias 
 Let's go man, where's the party, man 
 Yeah, we gotta stay down here, you know what I'm saying 
 So we can save the, the fire pit 
 Yeah, 'cause they, they filling up right now 
 Yeah, I'll be here, I'll get the wood, man 
 Oh, you know I got the wood 
 Yeah, let's go, say oh oh, ow ow 
 Say ooh ooh, say ooh ooh 
 Now party over here 
 Say what? Party over here 
 Say what? Party over here 
 Say what? Now party over here 
 Say what?