(Dead Man Walkn) 
 I'll nuke the New Conglomerate, I'm a Super-Don with it 
 Apocalyptic, popping clips like chewing gum and if 
 The Vanu Sovereignty obviously got to be cross at me 
 It's because I'm possibly one of the hottest technology properties 
 You've probably seen, you never can touch this 
 I'm a fellow to crush gits with every couplet 
 So bell up the Terran Republic 
 And tell them they're getting their nuts kicked 
 You're outnumbered and down for the count 
 Fumbling around as it is getting louder 
 The sound of my sunderer, thunderclouds are coming 
 So get underground or something 
 'Cause I'm the real deal, sealed your fate 
 Best stay at your warp gate 
 My method of taking you out's in really rather poor taste 
 I leave you sautéed, NS-60 brought flames 
 Then I bring it back again like this upcoming chord change 
 Sign up to the battle for the Planetside 
 This is a theatre of war, not a pantomime 
 Think you can hack it? Only the baddest can apply 
 So back up and decide, "What kind of man am I?" 
 A brand new kind of interplanetary samurai? 
 The type to ram your mind into a brand new paradigm? 
 And if the damn reply is "yes" then get down to the Planetside 
 If the damn reply is "yes" then get down to the Planetside 
 I use a flash and flank, shoot your battle tank 
 Boost my battle rank, boot a frag into your ranks 
 A brutal hacky sack, you losers poo your pants 
 Nappy rash, action-packed, this isn't a hack and slash 
 You need precision for hacking 
 Stats seem to indicate the fact you lack panache 
 Infiltrators: grab the stash, liberator: have to dash 
 Back to the harasser fast, mission failure? Nah, we passed 
 And smack the actual crap from your candy ass 
 People get mad at me for repeating, "Do you have any batteries?" 
 Like Peter Griffin I'll leave you, grabbing your knee in agony 
 Sign up to the battle for the Planetside 
 This is a theatre of war, not a pantomime 
 Think you can hack it? Only the baddest can apply 
 So back up and decide, "What kind of man am I?" 
 A brand new kind of interplanetary samurai? 
 The type to ram your mind into a brand new paradigm? 
 And if the damn reply is "yes" then get down to the Planetside 
 If the damn reply is "yes" then get down to the Planetside 
 Choose your side 
 Get down to the Planetside 
 And fight 
 We need you soldier