Downloadable content's a load of nonsense 
 I won't give them one cent 
 It wouldn't be conscientious 
 Encouraging dodgy ventures 
 Like when you've been robbed 
 Do you get your property straight back from the fences? 
 I wanna know what the defence is 
 Hence this musical census 
 Pay attention to community consensus 
 To prevent this backlash of hashtags 
 And truly contentious lambasts, e.g. 
 "I hope you're shoving your Prothean 
 Up your fallopian" 
 No wonder the planet's becoming dystopian 
 Draconian Napoleons invoking pandemonium 
 And I might be blowin' my own euphonium 
 By quotin' this 
 But I know I'm not the only one that's pissed 
 My data's trapped inside the disc 
 Sat in lines of script 
 And I have to pay to take it out 
 What kind of shit is this? 
 It's the DLC PLC 
 Where we make money sellin' people 
 Things that were free 
 Welcome to the DLC PLC 
 Where we charge you for things 
 You bought previously 
 No need to be dishonest 
 The incompleted product's a piece of bollocks 
 So please give me the pieces of it 
 And leave my wallet, I need the dollars 
 But don't be extremely bothered 
 I'll probably buy the sequel of it 
 'Cause that's the key 
 The reason it keeps on happening, it's obvious 
 If you pay them quids they take the piss 
 And get away with it 
 Until they're pinchin' all your paper 
 Like a paperclip 
 "And what would our forefathers 
 Have thought of horse armor? 
 It's all rather an awful palaver 
 Perhaps I should make a call and talk to Obama" 
 You're causing drama 
 And according to the laws of karma 
 Stir the water, sure enough 
 Of course you'll taunt the poor piranhas 
 So try to pull my jaws apart 
 I'm sure you can't 
 I'm sinkin' my teeth into the greed 
 Inherently buried in DLC things 
 Hidden fees and prices surprising me like bee stings 
 "Is it any wonder we punters are seething" 
 At the DLC PLC 
 Where we make money sellin' people 
 Things that were free 
 Welcome to DLC PLC 
 Where we charge you for things 
 You bought previously 
 I'm sorry, but Verse 3 is only available in the Premium version of this song 
 If you would like to acquire the Premium version 
 Then please bend over with your VISA, American Express or MasterCard lodged tightly between your buttocks 
 Thank you for your continued loyalty 
 From everybody 
 At the DLC PLC 
 Where we make money sellin' 
 People things that were free 
 Welcome to DLC PLC 
 Where we charge you for things 
 You bought previously 
 The DLC PLC 
 The DLC PLC 
 Downloadable content... what is it? What use does it have? What function does it serve? I mean, obviously I know the answer, but it's a sort of rhetorical question I suppose. So maybe you think about it whether... whether it's good for the gaming community, whether it's good for the industry, what your thoughts about it are. I'm very keen to know!