Hey! 
 Turn off whatever tune's on, and listen to this new song! 
 It's BlueXephos, The Yogscast, The Goon Squad 
 Whatever name you want to call us, fine let's move on 
 And clarify a few things to avoid confusion 
 No need for PayPal, vouchers or a coupon 
 You can see us free of charge, like a neutron 
 We won't blow the roof off, but we'll put a roof on 
 Both obsessed with little cubes and I'm not talking croutons 
 So get your shoes shone, to a sheen 
 Put your feet upon the futon and us upon the screen! 
 I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole 
 Diggy diggy hole, digging a hole 
 I'm Dan Bull and I'm kicking a flow 
 Kicky kicky flow, kicking a flow! 
 I'll introduce the duo, to the newest YouTube viewers 
 Xephos is Lewis and Simon's who Honeydew is 
 You'll lose all kinds of funny fluids, flatulation 
 Blood, sweat, tears, humors and the tangy taste 
 Of the runny gooey liquid, oozing from a Jaffa cake! 
 We've got new tips, music and animations 
 So I wanna see your, hips, thighs and your fanny shakin' 
 Rihanna's nothing in comparison to Granny Bacon! 
 I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole 
 Diggy diggy hole, digging a hole 
 I'm Dan Bull and I'm kicking a flow 
 Kicky kicky flow, kicking a flow! 
 Oh God! You're logged onto the YogPod, 
 With more devout followers, than the God squad 
 There's seldom, if ever, been such a realm or dimension 
 Bringing that much traffic, That you can hear the sound of the engines 
 Oh, and by the way, as well, did I mention? 
 The fact that we've got more links, than a Zelda convention? 
 You can tell there's a tension, but it probably isn't sexual 
 So any innuendo there's ineffectual 
 But mention Jaffa cakes, and Simon practically masticates 
 He's dream meal's a stack of them, upon a massive plate! 
 I've even seen him eat a Jaffa cake flavoured pasta bake 
 And after ate even more, instead of After Eights! 
 I wonder where exactly does he keeps them all stashed away 
 The number crunchin' is too massive to extrapolate! 
 I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole 
 Diggy diggy hole, igging a hole 
 I'm Dan Bull and I'm kicking a flow 
 Kicky kicky flow, kicking a flow! 
 Dan Bull, rappin' on behalf of the Yogscast 
 Swingin' harder than my diamond axe, when I'm choppin' logs fast 
 I'm unsurpassed, When it comes to rap with Bombast 
 So turn up the volume knob and increase the contrast! 
 At long last, Here's a rapper that's a gaming geek 
 Entertaining people, with amazing speed 
 The pick of the bunch, the bigger the swing, the bigger the punch 
 I pick up a thing up off the floor and start mining ore 
 (Cha, Cha, Cha, Cha, Ching) 
 Double-time rap with a bit of Minecraft 
 Hope Mojang didn't mind that! 
 Take a hit of my track, to the ear canal 
 You'll be like "Bleeding 'ell" 
 One, two, can you hear me now? 
 Oi, Honeydew, does it ring a bell? 
 It's been years since your ears have felt like this 
 You're Isabel to my Israphel 
 Many men'll wanna make a rap track better than me 
 But they never will, because evidently, they lack the skill! 
 (Ah!) 
 I am a dwarf and I'm digging a hole 
 Diggy diggy hole, digging a hole 
 I'm DanBull and I'm kicking a flow 
 Kicky kicky flow, kicking a flow!