Where are my trousers? 
 Where are my trousers? 
 One morning I woke up with such a bad head 
 I thought I'd been hit by a tow truck, smack, no such luck 
 Look down and notice that I'm wearing no top 
 No socks and no trousers, oh fock 
 Bits and bobs jiggling around so much 
 I'm a walking promotion for Botox 
 How did I get here? Why am I naked? 
 I better grab a rock and decide what my fate is 
 I'm just a naked man, running around, baby 
 Hold on a minute, I'm a little overwhelmed 
 I'm just a naked man, running around, baby 
 Hold on a minute, what's that rustling sound? 
 Said, how did I get here? Why am I naked? 
 I better grab a rock and decide what my fate is 
 I put the pieces together like Kojak 
 A bit of wood and a bit of stone is a stone axe 
 What a throwback, 
 Homo erectus 
 Hope you know Latin 'cause I'm whacking your solar plexus 
 Stay away from my camp, you and your man's ran in 
 Crafting and aiming at you with a hand cannon 
 Defending my base, I stand on my feet 
 I'm nude but you won't get your hands on my meat 
 I'm planning to eat, build bigger, better houses 
 But for now I'd better get a pair of trousers 
 I'm just a naked man, running around 
 Hold on a minute, baby, look what I've found 
 I'm just a naked man, running around, baby 
 Hold on a minute, what's that rustling sound? 
 Shh, I'm a bare man fighting a bear, man 
 I don't need bare man, I do it with my bare hands 
 I'm gonna track a deer, follow the hoof prints 
 Till I come across a box full of blueprints 
 Now I can do things like a civilised man 
 But I'll still kill anything that moves with the thing in my hand 
 It's been a nice chat but I'm still gonna stick a knife in the guy's back 
 Don't trust anybody, not even your best friend 
 It's an act, better put it on the West End 
 Let's not pretend, human nature has changed, man 
 Still naked, behaving like a caveman 
 I'm just a naked man, running around 
 Hold on a minute, why's there blood on the ground? 
 I'm just a naked man, running around, baby 
 Hold on a minute, what's that rustling, rustling sound?