[Intro - Woman talking] (*wind blowing and bell ringing in the background*) 
 Ah, if I could get my hands on that 'sill 
 I could pull myself up 
 Ah, uh 
 (*"Ah ah" - repeated in the background throughout the song*) 
 (Break - Elzhi) 
 D (D, D ...) 
 E (E, E ...) 
 M (M, M ...) 
 O (O, O ...) 
 N (N, N ...) 
 S (S, S ...) 
 [Interlude - Elzhi - talking] (*echo*) 
 Damn, I think I'm goin' insane 
 I'm hearin voices echoin in my mind 
 I can't take this y'all 
 (Verse 1 - Elzhi) 
 Look, I can feel the demons in my brain, creepin' through the dark parts 
 Got my tuckin different handguns in my Carhartt's 
 Where the hood got the reaper hidin underneath, yo 
 Every wonder why we rather die, then let the beef go? 
 Stay feelin' stress, greed, lust and jealousy 
 My people cope by usin' cess, speed, dust and LSD 
 D, more than just a simple sickness 
 It's triple sixes, to haunt the Holy Temple scriptures 
 And got the lost souls playin' false roads 
 They got 'em, once they get inside 'em, like crossbows 
 It's the demons, conjurin up images you dreamin' 
 Or screamin, it's seems when you're semen they schemin 
 Got us paranoid, steppin out very cautious 
 The same way we holdin' guns, nuns carry crosses 
 Forms of protection against the evil forces 
 Of course there's subjections, in your cerebral vortex 
 The demons 
 [Interlude - Elzhi - talking] (*echo*) 
 Man, my palms feel sweaty 
 My skin's curlin 
 Even my soul feel trapped man 
 I don't know what to do 
 Sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night 
 Hearin whispers 
 (Break - Elzhi) 
 You see, if you listen close, you can hear the song they sing 
 Between good and evil, you're just a puppet on a string 
 It could be the Angel of Death or the Angel King 
 A pitchfork with horns or a halo with wings 
 (Verse 2 - Elzhi) 
 If I broke the word down in acronyms, while usin' part logic 
 A demon could mean - destroyin every man off narcotics 
 Drug epidemics, measure obsession needles 
 Got dealers earnin money overnight 
 Deceitful elections, monitor our nations 
 While devil's effected, music out now on your stations 
 Dirty, explicit, material, oozin negativity 
 Distortin, eardrums mentally, overwhelmin nonsense 
 Dysfuctional, educational, malfuctions, oppressed negroes 
 Death, equals murder, oxygen's neglected 
 Drama, extreme mayhem, ownin a necklace 
 Diabetes enter many obese niggaz 
 So, dreams eventually match, ordinary nightmares 
 Department, eviction, management office notices 
 Dreadful, evolved missiles operatin nuclear 
 Why is this new to you? 
 [Interlude - Elzhi - talking] (*echo*) 
 I can't explain it dog 
 I get this chill in my spine 
 I just get the urge to do somethin' real crazy man 
 Yo, I might be losin my mind 
 (Break - Elzhi) 
 You see if you listen close 
 You can hear the song they sing 
 Between good and evil, you're just a puppet on a string 
 Singin' ... 
 ("Ah ah, ah ah") 
 (Break - Elzhi) 
 D (D, D ...) - dark deception, deepest degree 
 E (E, E ...) - enhanced evil, extraordinary envy 
 M (M, M ...) - major malicious, miscellaneous mayhem 
 O (O, O ...) - overload off, obnoxious obscenities 
 N (N, N ...) - never nice nature, negative nemesis 
 S (S, S ...) - several strange souls symbolizin stress 
 S (S, S ...) - several strange souls symbolizin stress 
 S (S, S ...) - several strange souls symbolizin stress 
 [Outro - Elzhi - talking] (*echo*) 
 FUCK! 
 I can't take this shit dog 
 I'm seein demons 
 I'm stressed the fuck out 
 Lord help me 
 I think I'm goin' insane 
 Can't explain it 
 [Skit] (*echo*) 
 (What do you see right now?) (oh) 
 (Do you see exactly and only what I choose to show you?) (what?, get out of my head) 
 (That is it) 
 Man #1: Yo, what the fuck? 
 Man #1: What you doin' in bed with this nigga man? 
 Man #1: You got another nigga in my bed? 
 Man #2: Yo, old up, hold on a second man, hold on a second man 
 Man #1: Yo, shut the fuck up man 
 Man #1: Y'all gonna make me kill both of y'all motherfuckers 
 Man #1: Nigga get the fuck down! 
 Man #1: You shut the fuck up 
 Man #1: Fuck y'all niggaz doin'? 
 Man #1: Fuck this shit man, you about to die right 
 Man #1: And fuck y'all niggaz man 
 Man #2: You cannot do this, don't do this