Tell me something good like Rufus an Chaka Khan 
 Although haters want us to fear we keep on keepen it on 
 Hot water and hell 'n' not a second befor dawn 
 Ya jus needa amp up the pace because the spotlights on 
 Hey Man, they say I often preach 
 Spit it like a wicked evangelist so only the chosen will understand this 
 To complex for one dementional minds 
 I'm the monsta in make-up who wake up 'n' get high 
 Becuse in my own life I'm blessed with sorrow 'n' pain 
 And the occacinal happy day to keep from being mondane 
 I'm insane like my armáda and the killers I roll with 
 Pandora's box was never meant to be open 
 Close caption, my want is take action and hit 'em when there asleep or just relaxen 
 Never see it comeing 
 Prozak started up with the death of shit I'm riden in the frunt seat with so much blood coveren me 
 Chorus. In here, this dark is where I am. 
 I don't know where I am. 
 I'm slowly fading... 
 And its here, this darkness is where I stay. 
 If I can't find my way 
 Its where I'm staying... 
 Sometimes I feel so down and depressed 
 Sometimes I fell that the weight of the whole world sits on my chest 
 Sometimes at night I try to sleep but then I can't katch my breath 
 Sometimes I try and cope with stress feeling that there ain't nothing left, put to rest. 
 Man, I started rappen wicked about a decade ago 
 I was destend to bring darkness to records and microphones 
 You can hate this if you want but I'm going still call this home 
 Fucken mainstreem radio play the wicked we walk alone 
 Never intended for the weak minds to understand or except this 
 Don't add up another sitistic 
 Devils reject it 
 Test it and what going to find is this shits true 
 That the sloghterings we sapply will devistate you 
 Going to desecrate you 
 Never did trust you' 
 That's okay that you don't like us because we fucking hate you 
 So I ryhme in the view of sycotic, morphed, and balistic 
 When y'all should be on Prozacc because mainstream minds are twisted 
 Chorus. In here, this dark is where I am. 
 I don't know where I am. 
 I'm slowly fading... 
 And its here, this darkness is where I stay. 
 If I can't find my way 
 Its where I'm staying... 
 I'm a maniac by trade 
 Raised by public enemy number one by tearing domes out the game 
 And id be careful because every word that you say 
 Is another way for people to imulate you everyday 
 And then hate it in everyway 
 And when you face with it, it's on some hater shit 
 Catered to that mainstream bitch 'n' get some play with it 
 I'm stright with it 
 I'm wickedest when I'm sittin' here with this pen 
 And its given me the grin, even like the purest of sin 
 And if I let it loose with a bottle of grey goose 
 By the time the pigs come I'll be firen on them to 
 And you can hear the thunder now, I'm underground 
 You wonder how I've never been found 
 Even with the wickedest sound I hover around 
 My fingers up in your face 
 And all you weak ass sellouts ain't nothing more than motherfucken disgraces 
 And I'm hideing from all the faces who dominantly want to take from the mind 
 Of something so twiztid but I turn them away 
 Chorus. In here, this dark is where I am. 
 I don't know where I am. 
 I'm slowly fading... 
 And its here, this darkness is where I stay. 
 If I can't find my way 
 Its where I'm staying...