I think you did it this time I think she's leaving you 
 It seems she's finally fed up you better man up and speak the truth 
 I know your only human still that's no excuse for consuming and taking advantage pursuing her value to ruins 
 It sorta hurts to finally find that y'all are separatin' 
 I'm praying you make it cause the results could be devastatin' 
 You guys were destined to be together not leave each other 
 ?Let's just better? your weather the storm and keep from going under 
 So many years invested she always kept you protected 
 Peep her perspective she's only asking to be respected 
 I'm only saying this 'cause I feel it sincerely 
 'Cause I care about both of you equally just hope'n that hear me 
 Think about the chances you had 
 Mistreating her and making her sad 
 Deceiving her and treating her bad 
 She gave you everything you needed everything that she has 
 Ya say that ya love her but yet ya still abuse'n her 
 Your actions are speak'n louder then words only confusing her 
 What does it take for you to reinstate the faith and prove we're forsaken before she finally takes herself away from you 
 You'll lose the best and only thing you have, can you? 
 Go on without her I don't think you can, she'll send you. 
 Back to nothing right where you began, attack you. 
 To save herself but that's the only plan, and some say. 
 There is no fury like a woman's scorn, whose been betrayed. 
 By the loved ones she's been caring for, perhaps one day. 
 You will finally understand her more, hope it's not to late. 
 She's feeling fed up right down to her core... can't take no more. 
 Think about the chances you had 
 Mistreating her and making her sad 
 Deceiving her and treating her bad 
 She gave you everything you needed everything that she has 
 I really hate to say it but she'll be better without you 
 She was stronger then ever before you came and found her 
 You weren't the first and it's looking like you won't be the last 
 She's moving on soon you will become a thing of the past 
 Respect and coexistence has to stay mutual 
 So tell me how can you be so selfish and self centered through and through 
 You have forgotten and intentions have become rotten offend'n her with your monstrous egotistical confidence 
 This is a problem that you really need to solve and intervene from further falling this is key to keep this thing evolving 
 'Cause with or without you she'll prosper without your involvement 
 It is impossible to stop her, her constant revolve'n 
 (Krizz Kaliko) 
 Hold on hold on hey Prozak man ... who you talking about? 
 (Prozak) 
 Earth 
 (Krizz Kaliko) 
 Oh 
 Think about the chances you had 
 Mistreating her and making her sad 
 Deceiving her and treating her bad 
 She gave you everything you needed everything that she has