(Verse: Gabi) 
 Believe me when I say I'm not tryna hurt any feelings 
 But I guess neither did you when you did me the worst 
 Pathological liar, that I always believe in 
 Never judged you, yet you never showed me who you really were 
 Check it, I never worn a bootleg watch 
 So what makes you think I got time for ya fake ass? 
 And I'm on one... 
 Faded to numb the pain away but seeing things clearer than ever, baleedat 
 Uh, man I'm tired, I feel used up 
 Yeah, and I'm tired of being accused of all the wrongs that only you've done 
 That I found out from your best friend who been tryna get it, she too strung 
 What a great friend, same one who told you 
 That you should play me, 'cause I wouldn't fold you 
 Well, I ain't lettin' you off easy... I'm a start with lettin' homegirl please me 
 (Hook: T) 
 You think you're so strong, nothin' can ever touch you 
 But baby this is goodbye 
 I've waited so long, I guess it's 'cause I loved you 
 Hope this sticks in your mind... It's not me, it's you 
 (After Hook:) 
 You, you, you 
 It's not me, it's you ooh 
 If only I could control all of the ways that you play with me baby 
 (Verse: Gabi) 
 Would it be easier for you to get over me if I said "it's not you, it's me"? 
 Made excuses irrelevant to why we couldn't be? 
 And 'cause I'd be full of shit, you know, let you demonize me? 
 Naw, you can take the blame... 
 Do some soul searchin' and claim that you have changed 
 And come crawlin' back, so I could send you home 
 I hope you love yourself enough cause you gon' be alone 
 (Hook: T) 
 You think you're so strong, nothin' can ever touch you 
 But baby this is goodbye 
 I've waited so long, I guess it's 'cause I loved you 
 Hope this sticks in your mind... It's not me, it's you 
 (After Hook:) 
 It's not me, it's you (x2) 
 Baby can't you see? 
 It's not me, it's you ooh (x2) 
 Don't think that you can play me this time 
 (Breakdown:) 
 (Gabi:) 
 I've been drinkin' a lot, thinkin' the worse 
 I know I might be overthinkin' it, but I know... 
 I shouldn't worry this much, you wouldn't let me if you loved me 
 Ooh, uh oh 
 (T:) 
 I don't wanna see you cry, I just wanna help you leave 
 Can you get out of here whoa ooh 
 (Hook: w/ ad-libs) 
 (Outro: T) 
 If only I could control all of the ways that you play with me baby