Stand Up, boss Up, fist Up, fuck it up, Bitch! 
 Stand Up, boss Up, fist Up, fuck it up, Bitch! 
 Stand Up, boss Up, fist Up, fuck it up, Bitch! 
 Stand Up, boss Up, fist Up, fuck it up, Bitch! 
 I'm raw like Jigsaw, dismemberin' your skeletals 
 Breakin' apart your jaw while stompin' all across your genitals 
 You wanted a war, you got it, now come and face me 
 You must be crazy trying to escape the Rosemary's baby 
 I was born to defeat deceitful people, relieve them of the lies of evil 
 With knives that are lethal, while leaving them Rest in Peaceful 
 I'm a full blown psychopath! Full grown maniac! 
 Known to get the last laugh, and you don't want to fuck with that! 
 My mental pain is conveyed with rage and anguish 
 With a hatred I can't contain to explain to this English language 
 So why must I insist to persist to inflict damage 
 When we come face-to-face you'll be draped with Ace Bandages 
 Now if yolu're with me (Stand up!) 
 If you're fed up, (Boss up!) 
 Put your fuckin' (Fist up!) 
 Knuckle up, fuck it up bitch! 
 (These hoes) 
 No more sleep niggas! 
 (My zone) 
 Give me fifty feet niggas! 
 (No clone) 
 Fist to your cheek niggas! 
 (Cracked bone) 
 Yeah I'm a beast nigga 
 Cry for more, ride to war, beat my chest like King Kong 
 Life is more, not we saw, demons in this fucking song 
 You can't survive, we thrive like cockroaches 
 No way, but I'm stomping that bitch till ain't no motion 
 It's open, that door, lean forward, your body snatch a sun goes down 
 This shoe stick pinches and cactus 
 Pursues your arms, legs, your bones 
 Broke in the dome like Mike Jack, closed case 
 I flip then I ain't coming right 
 Now if yolu're with me (Stand up!) 
 If you're fed up, (Boss up!) 
 Put your fuckin' (Fist up!) 
 Knuckle up, fuck it up bitch! 
 Better get a fuckin' knife if you're thinkin' you can kill me 
 Instead of a scratch I'm gonna cut deep inside you, you are ill B 
 I set 'em on fire, let 'em expire, let 'em e-fuckin-xplode 
 My gasoline - my pride, my grind - it never done slow 
 Hit 'em in the fangs, seekin' them dead in the flesh of the track wa wa 
 I pillage and hustle the circuit never to pause, took it from the back 
 Maniacal rapper divided 
 Insane and the flesh can't fight it 
 Bloody the knuckles are anger provided 
 Iller the most of the pack yeah 
 I'm rappin' this hallucination 
 Don't you fuckin' change that station 
 We have neglected to give you and earful 
 To stabbing your earholes 
 Sicker than all of the demons combined 
 Sicker than most psychotic of minds 
 Sicker than hell itself, that be my steal 
 Now if yolu're with me (Stand up!) 
 If you're fed up, (Boss up!) 
 Put your fuckin' (Fist up!) 
 Knuckle up, fuck it up bitch!