I mean, it's like New Year's Eve and shit 
 I may be drunk, hehe, I'm drunk... 
 Look 
 Snowy ohhee, bored with the game 
 I'm just fucking taking selfies, keeping boys entertained 
 With the noise if you hate, lately I've been on my shit 
 I've been smoking, I've been drinking, popping pills and pulled a fit 
 I'm just trying to find some peace, but lately I've done lost my shit 
 I'm just trying to throw the peace up, then I realize I'm it 
 Imma need a fucking hit, Imma need these fucking chips 
 I'm the closest one to making it, and Latinas don't quit 
 I've done came so far, Tha Liks thou 
 That Chicano rap ain't show me love but it's so 
 Hey, look I done got these bitches hands up like dip blow 
 I ain't even salty, I'm no hater so sit yo motherfucking ass right back and listen to me then 
 I'm the proudest motherfucking Mexican ever since SPM 
 I've done did this shit myself and ain't nobody politic 
 Up in my favorite, I've got haters that don't wanna see me win 
 But I'm with it, spit it, straight from the beginning 
 Still up in the race that ain't nobody ever finish 
 And I'm gifted, get it, who else fucking with it? 
 Fuck it, Imma kill the game and leave y'all guys as witness 
 Its about to fucking snow, it's a cold fucking winter 
 When this game's a piece of cake and they won't even get a sliver 
 I've done have my own style and Snow got them hoes all up shivered 
 I've just got my motherfucking hair stole by a Jenner 
 I'm like "Fuck that shit, I don't give a fuck." 
 Ask anybody caught, he got trying to touch Cloe's ass 
 I ain't beefing with no female, we all trying to get cash 
 Only beef with Uncle Sam 'cause he got my ass taxed 
 Not bad for procrastinating all of 2014, though 
 I mean..., ah! 
 Bro, I'm going to get my shit together in 2015, I promise you 
 All you Product Pushas, I fucking love you. I'm sorry, I gotchu 
 Stay on my ass though! Like, tell me, "Snow! You slacking on your shit! 
 What are you doing?! Eating wings and things and shit... 
 You better get your shit together." Ah! 
 Happy 2015! 
 Fuck you Uncle Sam for taxing the fuck out of a young playa! 
 Ah! Ah!