Um, you must not know the word value 
 You grown, find out what it is when a girl get at you 
 Don't you know what I've been about? 
 How long I've been down for me to have heard about you? 
 Trying to go behind my back? Got no time for that 
 Tryin' to drive birds into my coupe? 
 You said hold you down 
 I held you down, I even held you up 
 No one gave a fuck about your troubles 
 Who the hell do you think stepped up? 
 Your memory is fuzzy again 
 Even your buddies and friends wasn't around 
 Now that the money come in, you gonna pretend 
 You don't know who helped you out 
 Okay, okay, okay, let's both play little games this way 
 Relocate your pay my way 'for I go take these bills to co-pay 
 Cause it ain't going down like that 
 See, I loved you but the truth is 
 You fucked me over but fucked with my money ughh I'm gonna get ruthless 
 You just gotta accept this 
 It's a rap, It's a rap 
 I'm only gonna tell you one time 
 Imma tell you what the business is 
 Imma tell you what the business is 
 Cause once you're going, there's no coming back 
 I'm only gonna tell you one time 
 Imma tell you what the business is 
 Imma tell you what the business is 
 They gon' mind me, I'm just telling it like it is 
 I'm just saying that I'm done being the rider chick that you wanted in 
 Now you switched all of it, cause you be balling in 
 I was with you in college and didn't I help you through all of it? 
 Didn't I pay for the deposit and got busted APT? 
 That we lived in when you act shady? 
 Now you're gonna act like your chick ain't G? 
 'Cause I'll be damned if you think you're gonna play me 
 Oh, oh, I wasn't with you shooting in the gym? 
 Who the fuck do you think held you down when your punk ass didn't win? 
 Yeah, when you be calling me 
 When you be crying to me cause you felt like shit 
 I gave you all of me with no apology and this is the help I get? 
 Okay, okay, okay, go on and leave then 
 But as for the keys and Visa, please get the fuck out but just leave them