Yeah! Uhm 
 Look! Pockets looking cakey like these bummy bitches make up 
 It's room service bitch, the game requested that it get waked up! 
 See all I see is paper like my secretary's staplers 
 So if this was yo job, then I'm thinkin' your about to get a pay cut! 
 This my lane so fuck road rage, fuck yo anger! 
 I swear they really wanna cuff this pretty young thing, like a bailiff! 
 Plus I'm cute 
 And I be killing games since way back when it was Sega! 
 I be repping Texas but I'm so Cali like a Laker 
 Yeah, yeah I'm kind of cocky 
 When it come to what I'm made of 
 'Cause we, we ain't the same 
 And they don't want you from the waist up! 
 You the cookie cutter type and they call me the baker! 
 And all I see is numbers, numbers, numbers like a pager 
 I kill 'em and collect em 
 Watch me murder grass pesos 
 I swear you got to feel where the fuck I'm coming from like a taser 
 'Cause if she fuck with me 
 Then not even the captain finna save her! 
 These bitches thinking they beefing 
 Fuck around and get fed, laid up! 
 I be looking, looking, looking 
 I don't see no difference! 
 Cookie, cookie, cookie 
 All these cookie cutter bitches! 
 Fuck these bitches, fuck these bitches 
 Oh cookie cutter bitches! 
 And I be looking, looking, looking 
 I don't see no difference! 
 Cookie, cookie, cookie 
 All these cookie cutter bitches! 
 Fuck these bitches, fuck these bitches! 
 Oh cookie cutter bitches! 
 Look! You are just a small fry 
 But I'll turn you to mashed potato 
 I'm here to bring the flavor 
 Just like a turkey baster 
 I could be the finisher that will make ya meet your maker 
 See, if you still sleeping, I'm a wake and bake and shake ya 
 See, I be repping real women so bitches seeming faker 
 Now they be tripping on me, like MGK say, "lace up!" 
 Cause my style is permanent and these bitches dry eraser 
 And all you April fools, I'll kill you off before um, May come! 
 Yeah, I know guerrilla warfare if you wanna ape up 
 All these chicks be thinking they beast well watch me tame em' 
 Greeting earthlings, "hi!" As-salam alaykum 
 'Cause I'm out of this world, this illegal alien way up! 
 I'm ahead of my time but I like competing so I be waiting 
 Then I turn the lights on these roach bitches and I raid 'em 
 Bitches owe me royalties for jacking lyrics, so pay up! 
 Cause most of you bitches rappin' know nothing about me 
 But you wishing that I never came up!