You ain't gotta say you love me 
 We gon figure this shit out 
 We ain't gotta do that luvy dovy shit 
 You know you got yourself a chick that hold you down 
 Man, I never been too into public signs of affection 
 My biz is my biz 
 And plus sometimes your private confessions get critisized quick 
 But I be the type that keeps it in check 
 And I don't feel the need to reflect 
 With no fuckin' people except exactly who I'm with 
 Man, I know we straight. We'll be okay 
 I don't got no stress, I'm getting paid 
 You know we stay cashing these checks 
 Man, all that extra shit for the birds 
 All of them chicks having things to worry bout 
 A bunch of he said, she said, he said, we said 
 Oh no, fuck word of mouth 
 It ain't nothing to keep shit cool if everything between me and you 
 Don't gotta be publicized because otherwise these bitches start to intrude 
 Hoes be loving to fuck with a girl's man 
 It be making 'em feel accomplished 
 Flirt till he flirt back, somehow that's a ho subconscious 
 But it ain't never been 'bout the world 
 This is about just me and you 
 You don't gotta say you love me, you just gotta show and prove 
 I said it ain't never been 'bout the world 
 This is about just me and you 
 'Cause good things don't need overselling 
 Everyone know what the fuck it do 
 CyHi 
 Snow can you answer this? 
 Was that yo dude you was in Atlanta with? 
 'Cause I always wanted me a Hispanic chick I can speak some Spanish with 
 From Los Angeles even though I can barely understand this shit 
 We got the same management 
 I might as well take advantage. Shit! 
 Candles lit, what you think about me and you vanishing 
 Cruise on the Pacific since you already on Atlantic and 
 Some booze and we can kick it 
 Don't worry bout yo man and shit 
 Breaking up is natural... even the Grand Canyon split 
 Girl so come and smoke some canna... 
 I'd rather spend this money on you than to give it to some dancer bitch 
 And I am not a trick; let's just say I'm a philanthropist 
 It's pimpin' over here and baby, church! Evangelist 
 What you think about being my fiancé? 
 My Beyonce, don't worry bout what them peons say 
 Let's fly to Paris and get yo wedding dress from Givenchy 
 French kissing at the altar, parlez-vous francais? 
 You ain't gotta say you love me 
 We gon figure this shit out 
 'Cause every time I see you Shawty 
 I just wanna walk up on you, kiss you on the mouth 
 You ain't gotta say you love me 
 Cause that ain't what this about 
 Hey I'm not tryna stress you, Miss Lady 
 Let's go half on a baby and a house