How did I get to this... [x10] 
 How did I get to this point? 
 I never meant to do it and I swear that I never thought it would get this far 
 This fast, this way, I can't think. Oh my god, look what I just did 
 This ain't how it's supposed to go; My life is flashing right before my eyes 
 And I know I've joked, and I know I said I would, but I never really thought that there would come a time 
 When I'm standing above her and she ain't moving, ain't breathing, ain't even trying to fight back 
 This happened way to quick; I ain't need it, I can't see this, why'd it have to happen like that? 
 All I remember was arguing and she was talking hella much and causing problems and 
 All I was doing was ignoring little common shit, all of a sudden I remember yelling "Stop it, bitch!" 
 And then I blacked out 
 Let me think 
 Why's that towel 
 On the sink? 
 I'm tripping right now 
 I'm a-be 
 Totally honest cause 
 Every time that I blink 
 I've got hella bad images and flashbacks 
 And why the fuck am I holding two trash bags? 
 Okay, I remember choking her with that rag 
 But why was this [?] turn around [?] 
 You can try, you can try... 
 It's the point of no return 
 You die, and now you've got no time 
 And now you [?] the consequences of your actions 
 And you see it's nothing nice 
 It's nothing nice 
 You can try, try, try, try, try, try, try 
 You can die, die, die, die, die, die, die 
 You can try, try, try, try, try, try, try 
 You can die, die, die, die, die, die, die 
 It all started too quick and now I 
 Can't even stand up, I think I'm gon' cry 
 Oh shit, god damn, what the fuck? Why? 
 How'd it happen? How fucked up was I? 
 'Cause I told her to stop 'cause she talking too much 
 I thought I would have had enough patience, but 
 All I know is, fuck! I'm a-need to run 
 Before the cops bust in and I get cuffed 
 I just keep thinking back (and I swear I don't recall) 
 Missing facts (and I'm scared it's over cause) 
 I seem to lack the relaxed feeling I thought 
 I'd have after finally finishing it off 
 In the movies it seems like it's victory 
 When the bad guy died, but oh shit, the scene 
 Must have been cut out cause this bitch is bleeding 
 And I can't even fucking think or see 
 How am I going to get out of this apartment? 
 I don't even know when it got dark, and 
 I'm a-need to throw up; I feel carsick 
 Only way right now would be arson 
 I'm a-burn this bitch down, cause there ain't shit now for me to do except pray 
 But why would God listen to me when obviously I fucked up and went the wrong way? 
 I could have ignored it, I could have ignored it 
 I could have prevented this heartache for my mom 
 I could have been anywhere else but I put it upon 
 Myself to make sure this dumb bitch was gone 
 You see, sticks and stone may break my bones but certain words were said 
 And it can go either way but say it to the wrong one and someone'll end up [gunshot]