(Ooh) yeah (B.o.B), 
 What's up. (eh) What's down. (come rock it with me) 
 Ladies and gentlemen, we are enterin', into the 5th dimension, 
 And did I mention, we gone. ha ha ha, we gone. 
 (Right on right on, B.o.B. now, B.o.B give it to em, shawty) 
 Girl I'm eons and eons beyond these peons, another human like me there will never be one, 
 The planet that I'm from on, I can never speak on, 
 The stars is what I sleep on, the moon I put my feet on 
 The way my aura glows you'd swear I'm made of neon, cooler than the freon that's in your Dodge Neon 
 The say the future's now to me it hasn't begun, stay tuned to me and there will never be a re-run 
 So come and leap on my body, and as we come you'll prolly feel moist like the trees on the tropics 
 We gone, we out it, no we don't need rockets, no we hop up on the mother ship and we gone, we slidin' 
 We slippin through dimensions, we hyperspace glidin', blasting through the atmosphere, frightening in the lightning 
 I know I'm out my mind girl, but you know you like it, so hop up on my cosmic highway so we can ride it 
 Shorty are you going, my way? (Ooh) 
 I wanna ride on my cosmic highway 
 (Ooh!) lets go! (Ooh!) lets go! 
 Look shorty I can't stay here on the earth no more 
 Another galaxy we must go. 
 Fresh up out the sky I'm like a meteorite, so in the studio, no I don't need to go write 
 I just came up in the game 'cause you needed more light, so by the time you're done there wont be no more mic 
 And people ask me Bob what kinda language is that, 'cause I be blasted to da future I may never come back 
 And I'm a leave with a 30 thousand light year lead, headed to a distant planet called B.o.B 
 And then I'm gone, man they're not ignoring it, taking off from the half court, Air Jor-i-dan 
 All systems is go in 10 seconds I'm orderin, hanging from the cosmos like a space ornament 
 Heat in my left pocket left hand, oh yeah I bring the pain, similar to an asteroid that's headed toward your brain 
 My lane, is something that they really cannot explain, they try to hold me down but man it's me they can't contain. 
 Shorty are you going, my way? (Ooh) 
 I wanna ride on my cosmic highway 
 (Ooh!) let's go! (Ooh!) let's go! 
 Look shorty I can't stay here on the earth no more 
 Another galaxy we must go. 
 Ooh girl come and go with me, I'll take you to my galaxy 
 I'm talking 'bout Venus (Venus), Jupiter (Jupiter), Mars (Mars, Mars) 
 And I'm sayin' girl lets ride all night, and I need ya for this ship girl to take flight 
 Let's go, Let's go, come on baby lemme take it off, another second we gon' blast it off! 
 Look shorty are you going, my way? (Ooh) 
 Come and ride on my cosmic highway (whoo-ooh) 
 Let's go, Let's go! 
 But I can't stay here on the earth no more 
 Another galaxy we must go! 
 (Bobby digital)