[Intro] [B.O.B talking]: 
 Aye Elpee, I think these motherfuckers forgot where I was from. 
 It's that nigga B.O.B. EZ Elpee is up on the beat. (DJ Scream) 
 I'm cruisin' through Decatur tryin' to find some of that 'dro 
 And I see too many haters 'cause they can't handle they hoes 
 I say I can't do no better because this is all I know 
 Ooh, all I know, all I know, all I know 
 (Verse One) 
 'Cause I was raised in the D-E-C 
 A/aye I'm from Decatur 
 Where we get high and ride in sky scrapers 
 Get money now and ride or die later 
 Get shot and robbed by your own neighbor 
 When the cops ridin' by, it ain't safer 
 They'll probably shock ya ass with them tasers 
 'Round here, we ain't big on education 
 Niggas droppin' out but be at the graduation 
 But this cities where I'm glad to be 
 Rep it to the fullest, don't get mad at me 
 Niggas steady hatin' but they clap for me 
 'Cause I got to spit it ill like a rap disease 
 'Fo 'sho, girl I got that mojo 
 Give it to you so slow 
 That ain't like them other niggas who be havin' no stroll 
 And girl I'm layin' it down 
 Reppin' for my city, what's the name of my town? 
 I'm cruisin' through Decatur tryin' to find some of that 'dro 
 And I see too many haters 'cause they can't handle they hoes 
 I say I can't do no better because this is all I know 
 Ooh, all I know, all I know, all I know 
 [Verse Two]: 
 The east side of the A-T-L 
 Aye we sit tall 
 This is the home of slang and shit talk 
 Gold diggin' hoes don't get no doe 
 They just get on all fours and get big balls 
 At night, watch out, the cars get jacked up 
 And my clothes turn into target practice 
 Everybody better start haulin' asses 
 Cause the gas station clerk never saw what happened 
 Now it's on the news 
 Now I'm in my school 
 Niggas chillin' at the water fountain with a tool 
 'Bout to cut a fool about 3:42 
 And the po-po waitin' outside for the queue 
 They put the cuffs on him, and take him downtown 
 Now they in the penitentiary a juvenile 
 I ain't talkin' shit, I'm just reppin' for my town 
 This is for Decatur and this is how I sound 
 I'm cruisin' through Decatur tryin' to find some of that 'dro 
 And I see too many haters 'cause they can't handle they hoes 
 I say I can't do no better because this is all I know 
 Ooh, all I know, all I know, all I know 
 [Outro] [B.O.B]: 
 This shit is all I know. Yeah. Born in South Carolina... raised up in Decatur. 
 I'm an '80s baby. I'm kinda cool but the hood kinda made me crazy. 
 You see what I'm sayin'? And this is, and this is, and this is how it go.