It's been a long... 
 A long time coming but I know 
 Change gonna come, 
 Change gonna come, change gonna come, 
 Change gonna come (x2) 
 Charles Hamilton: 
 Prisoner to my cerebellum, 
 So I reach out to the listeners 
 And my mission is I betta tell 'em 
 Our fear of a free mind is hearing your spirit can die anytime you need to cry so you hide it deep inside 
 Reason why? 
 How can you change what was written? 
 Easy don't focus your brain on what they mentioned 
 I got so used to tryin' to make due 
 I feel like I'm cheatin' when I'm faced wit a break through 
 The man in the mirror keep sayin' I hate you 
 I respond like lil' nigga I made you 
 Slay those sayin' they could break you 
 So when I take a break I go ape come back and play fool 
 When they think they won that's when I crush 'em 
 Change is imminent I evolve so its nothin' 
 What's the discussion? 
 Charles Hamilton 
 Change gonna come, change gonna come, 
 Change gonna come, change gonna come, 
 It's been a long... 
 A long time coming but I know change gonna come, change gonna come, 
 Change gonna come, change gonna come 
 Asher Roth: 
 We've been pompous ever since Columbus couldn't work a compass 
 We've accomplished what we conjured up while conscious 
 And consciously we conquered all the eye can see 
 Constantly concocting more options but jobs are still obsolete 
 It seems so odd to me and odyssey how honesty is honestly the rarest thing upon us its astonishing 
 How did all the honest people vanish from the planet? 
 Leaving us a laundry list of problems to acknowledge 
 While plotting with my phonics me and sonic and Bob 
 Non chomp and vises as I sit down and sketch my rhymes 
 Stretch my mind to figure out what's next in line 
 The next Em, Ye, and Andre? 
 Nah homie its just been a long... 
 A long time commin'... 
 But I know change gonna come 
 Change gonna come, 
 Change gonna come, change gonna come 
 It's been a long... 
 A long time comin' but I know 
 Change gonna come, change gonna come, 
 Change gonna come, change gonna come 
 B.o.B: 
 While as you listenin' to this track 
 You probably about to blog about it maybe say its wack 
 Or maybe compare the verses to see which one of us wud snap 
 Completely ignoring the fact that this is way more than rap 
 'Cause I happen to be on a magazine you happen to see this issue 
 Some people wish you well man some people turn against you 
 Some people even call up to the station just to diss you 
 You bitch you, you only mad at your self here's a tissue 
 But that ain't even my focus man that hate ain't on my menu 
 I'm in a different city about to rock a different venue 
 My girl sent me a text message just to say "i miss you" 
 It wont be long before I'm home baby but the rents due, ha ha ha 
 It's been a long... 
 A long time coming but I know change gonna come, 
 Change gonna come, change gonna come, 
 Change gonna come (x2)