What's up with this faggot? 
 Fuck is with this nigga? 
 Why is he still rapping? 
 He even wears the fashion 
 Shut us up to make him pop commercials smashes 
 Seriously 
 That's why people don't take you seriously 
 That's why we don't wanna hear nothin' you say 
 'Cause you ain't the man that you appear to be 
 No, nigga, seriously 
 We don't wanna hear your conspiracies 
 And we don't wanna hear your political views 'bout extraterrestrial activities 
 Look, nigga, make up your mind 
 How much longer you gon' wait to decide? 
 You was kickin' some dangerous lines 
 Now buyin' your shit a waste of my time 
 Nigga, what's up with you? 
 That's why all my niggas don't fuck with you 
 And that's why we don't come to your after parties 
 'Cause we don't wanna hang in the club with you 
 It's only two types of niggas 
 A street nigga and a you type of nigga 
 A coon type of nigga 
 Prolly born with a noose, and a silver spoon type of nigga 
 A new type of nigga 
 A sell out surrounded by wealth 
 You should have been one of the greats 
 Now you just sound like everyone else 
 Hello? 
 Ah, what are you doin'? What are you doin'? 
 You losin' your cool, fan basin' your viewers 
 Let me show you how to flow, show you how to make music 
 Obviously you clueless, how I know? 'Cause I'm Jewish 
 Oh, is that unruly? If I'ma say so, ruly 
 What if I stand on trial? What if I stand on jury? 
 What are we on TV? Who's the judge? Judge Judy? 
 What am I supposed to return all these cars and jewelry? 
 Like I ain't even know how the flow supposed to go 
 Like I ain't even know how the show supposed to flow 
 Like I ain't even know how the beat supposed to sound 
 Like I ain't even know where the notes supposed to go 
 Like I ain't even know how my soul's supposed to feel 
 Like I ain't supposed to win, like I ain't supposed to glow 
 But you'll never understand the way that I think 
 If you ain't grow up with it, sold dope before 
 Oh, number one draft pick, number one draft pick 
 Oh, he's nice for a black guy, oh, he's smart for a rapper 
 Oh, that's who he's with? Oh, she's cute for a black chick 
 Oh, he's actually cool, I went to school with him actually 
 Actually, he could have has a masterpiece 
 Now it's just a fuckin' catastrophe 
 Anyway, get fists on a fire 
 Tell him send it over to Mastra