(Turbulence. Can you feel? Turbulence) Okay. (Can you feel?) I need to spit something real for a second y'all. (Turbulence) Just bare with me. Listen. (Can you feel? Turbulence.) 
 Verse One: 
 Skull and crossbones and death bandannas 
 A liquor store on every corner in Atlanta 
 Cops ridin' around tossin' niggas in the slammer 
 Tell me what's wrong 
 I could really use some answers 
 Now-a-days everybody wants to be a rapper 
 About two years ago everybody was a trapper 
 Obviously, money is what everybody's after 
 Cause slavery ain't change 
 It's a modern day disaster 
 Now these are my words from me to you 
 Everything you do from your shades to your shoes 
 From your chains to your Coupe 
 Came from the tube 
 Trust me I would know 
 I was raised on it too 
 Okay, now just let me get your attention 
 I'ma turn the tables so you don't get defensive 
 I'ma put my bullshit aside for a second 
 'Cause I can't be fake 
 Cause God won't let me 
 I used to wear a grill 
 Because it was the trend 
 Not because I liked it 
 I just wanted to fit in 
 Then I got "Eastside" tatted on my skin 
 And I tried to get dreads but my hair was too big 
 But I was lost 
 I ain't know who I was 
 What else was there to do besides look like a thug 
 So in my senior year at Columbia High 
 I dropped out of high school and I got signed 
 B.O.B. was the name 
 I ain't like Bobby Ray 'cause I was ashamed 
 But you can call me Bobby Ray from this day forth 
 And I could give a damn about the fame and fortune 
 Honestly I don't even listen to rap 
 'Cause when I turn the radio on, out comes crap 
 And if you make good music that's okay 
 But on the radio, that they don't play 
 It's easy to see we created a beast 
 Cause everybody wants to hear what they don't need 
 And now all the rappers got to struggle to give you 
 That bullshit music so they can continue 
 To live 
 The position that I'm in 
 Is quite an interesting predicament I admit 
 But you can count on me 'cause I'm refusing to give in 
 'Cause I'ma give you music 'cause we need it to exist 
 Bitch 
 So I'ma play my guitar 
 Rap about aliens and sing about stars 
 Till you understand that's what we are 
 So we ain't got to struggle no more so we don't starve 
 I swear to God I love you with every bar 
 We all got problems that need to be solved 
 So while I got the mic I'ma speak my thoughts 
 And I'ma keep it real till the day I fall