(Verse One] [B.O.B) 
 Okay so I'm on the beat 
 What am I supposed to rhyme? 
 What am I supposed to do in this booth? 
 Am I to flow a line? 
 What am I a spokesman now? 
 What am I a poster child? 
 What am I supposed to smile? 
 What am I supposed to be the dopest MC to hold this down? 
 What if I wasn't poor as a child? 
 What if I didn't grow up in doubt? 
 I probably shouldn't be smoking so much my mind is over fried 
 But still I notice how 
 Them same folks will smile in your face 
 But behind your back them same folk will frown 
 But that's enough about them, talk about me 
 Yes it's B to the O, I said B to the O and to the B 
 I owe it to the streets 
 And I ain't tryna brag but you know your boys a beast 
 And yeah I gotta eat cause my groceries on this beat 
 And my song will carry on till I no longer speak 
 My soul is also Kosher added to the fact I'm cheap 
 And I put that on my grandma Othella so 
 Rest In Peace hater 
 (Verse Two] [J. Cole) 
 A many blessings sent from heaven thanking God to be alive 
 Flight attendant woke me up said Mr.Cole you have arrived, welcome 
 In this game the price of fame is steep, Lord help 'em 
 Keep 'em sane 
 Prayin' that the heat won't melt 'em 
 I'm headed to the top I couldn't be more welcome 
 Took the lead role, now look I'm right outside ya peephole 
 That's for the crown holders 
 Never would I dethrone 
 But if you ever leave home don't worry I keep your seat warm 
 So yeah I'm Simba in a sense 
 I'm the prince, you impostor's no Mufasas, but there's Oscars for you gents 
 When I say I'm better then you niggas don't mean no offense 
 But is clear with no tints man just check the fingerprints 
 You'll see we not the same 
 I got a shit list with lot's of names 
 And plus hit list with of rappers I'ma cock and aim 
 Then it's who shot ya man 
 Finally figured out the game 
 Got nothin' to lose 
 And a whole fuckin' lot to gain 
 (Outro] [J.Cole) 
 Bwoy. Yeah, nigga. Uh, J. Cole nigga. Yeah. B.O.B nigga. Uh, A.T.L. uh. N.C. bwoy. Grand Hustle nigga. Roc Nation nigga.