I am the man, I am the man, am the man 
 Up in this booth so let me introduce myself to all the haters that debate on what I do they in my face but I fade away and shoot I beat up the basket that's the way I hoop yeah just like a bottle of vodka I'm aboslut the proof is the product I'm hotter and that's the truth I squish the competition with the bottom of my shoe but competition is none so what am I to do and I was worth it yeah since they birth me but now I murder these verse put 'em in hearses I ate all the food on my plate but I am thirsty from open mics to flashin lights I learned it and what I learned is that the game ain't for certain so I live my life I ain't worried while I fly mile high behind curtain 
 I am the man, am the man X4 
 Down side ... came off ... 
 Trapping in the ... 
 Living with my momma, till I got busted 
 Down on my dick, maybe start... 
 . Working, signing alemon money 
 Six sale phone, distribute to junkies, 
 Mad ... got ... to the money 
 Turn a war on ... then I ... 
 . Down for the zombie 
 For the junkie 
 Billie down man ... ever since I was a youngie 
 Blue curly chain like it came from ... 
 Calling jury like my name was Willy Wanker, 
 To the club show tall like the tonker 
 I am the man, am the man X4 
 I am the man; make it jumbo 
 Keep the game hot like a big pot of gumbo, 
 Do dumb shit, but don't be thinking that I'm dumb, bro 
 Watch what you say, I hear it all like I'm Dumbo 
 Dumb Ho, you say you wanna rumbo, is you dumb ho? 
 Toe to Toe, you bound to stutter or stumbo 
 Take your tough talk down to a mumbo (mumble) 
 It ain't going down in my house like Mutumbo, 
 But its definitively an honor to light yo scalp up for the money like I'm 'pirana'? 
 BROTHER, brother, I consider it a pleasure 
 To break you down to minimal measure just for the (leasure) 
 (Leasure)? Oh shit, my bad, I meant the leisure 
 Forgot who I was talking to like I got amnesia? 
 Damn, back on the track again, the mac is back again 
 Get the word out to them boys and tellem pack it in 
 I am the man, am the man X4 
 Thanks to Mike D for correcting these lyrics