(Intro: sample) 
 Fury. 
 I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga 
 (Chorus: repeat 4X) 
 Ain't I clean? That machine, super cool, super mean 
 I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga 
 (T.I talking over the chorus) 
 Yeah, so 
 You already know, hey. 
 I'm the hottest nigga you done heard in a long time. 
 Introducing you to the hottest nigga you heard in a long time. 
 Hey 
 (Verse One: T.I.) 
 Mega pimp, super clean, the coolest in the universe 
 Niggas hating on what he doing just mad 'cause they ain't do it first 
 His name pop up when you hit play or on your Google search 
 Bitches bow they head and bend they knees just like they do in church 
 Drop doe into her purse before you get into her skirt 
 She agree to do the work before she get into the vert 
 Till my pine box drop down into the dirt 
 I'm a be by far the hottest nigga, known to the Earth 
 In the air, I fly, can't compare my 
 Swagger to another rapper, don't you dare try 
 Anyone with a pair of eyes can look and see 
 No legacy will ever be next to me or near by 
 Though I invite you all to try, hey, I'm a fair guy 
 Just approach with caution, be aware because I don't share my 
 Throne, my crown I own 
 Hottest flow on any song, I'm on, I'm gone, nigga 
 (Break: sample) 
 I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga, I'm that nigga 
 (T.I talking over chorus) 
 Hey! B.o.B, you up next, baby! 
 Hey! Grand Hustle, nigga! 
 If I ain't the hottest nigga on the universe 
 I guess I'll have to do until he gets here, nigga! 
 [B.o.B] Here I go! 
 [T.I.] Hey Call me a lie, nigga! Yeah 
 (Verse Two: B.o.B) 
 I'm that nigga that you heard about through word of mouth 
 They probably say I change the music in the dirty south 
 Now that the word is out, the timing is perfect now 
 To take all of these hypocritical rumor and burn 'em down 
 If you observe the doubt, you'd see what they worried about 
 They say I sound like Dre when I'm rapping my verses now 
 Honestly, I could give a fuck what you're blurting out 
 Point, blank, I'm in the game rocking my jersey now 
 So just accept me or don't pay me no mind 
 Either way you're gonna be hearing me all of the time 
 Whether on Greg Street or 107.9 
 Or on your favorite rap blog on your rap website 
 And if that ain't right, then show me straight to the judge 
 Just like Brian Nichols I ain't spitting nothing but slugs 
 Venomous blood in my veins, chemicals up in my brain 
 Yes I resemble a criminal, B.o.Bizzle, you ain't fucking with mayne 
 [Outro: T.I.] + (B.o.B) 
 Okay, you got that (I'm gone, mayne 
 I kinda, I kinda feel like I got you, man) 
 Hehehe (I had to kinda show you up, man 
 I ain't really wanna make you look bad, really, honestly) 
 Ay, man, aye man that laughing, that laugh is natural 
 Because I'm literally amused by your sentiment 
 I mean if you really feel that, know what I'm sayin' 
 That the likes of the second verse can even 
 Slightly compare with the immaculate (Hahaha) 
 Then I must take a chuckle... Hahaha 
 You know what I'm saying, but never no mind 
 (We can have 'em blog about it) 
 Absolutely, man, I'll let you guys be the judge 
 (You know you gonna do it anyway, fuck it) 
 B.o.B or T.I.P. Know what I'm saying, you be the judge, dog 
 (Which could be the better acronym for the song) 
 But you know what either way it's Grand Hustle! 
 Hahahaha (Ah-haha) 
 (Chorus until fade)