"One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" [3X] 
 Yeah... two! Two! Two! Two 
 "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" 
 (B.o.B) 
 Tell me, who don't wanna be at the top of this? 
 The top of the game, that's obvious 
 I'm like Superman in Metropolis 
 But you cain't see me through binoculars 
 As I fly high over the populace 
 Tryin' to find where the hell my childhood is 
 I cain't even see it with my irises 
 The only thing that I see is the irony 
 Think about the past and the life I lived 
 All of the days and the nights I spent 
 In the bottomless pit called poverty 
 Locked in a room, don't bother me! 
 So if you plan on stoppin' me 
 You need more than your vitamins 
 The rap game ain't a lottery 
 Go to school, get a scholarship 
 Cause you still gotta deal with the politics 
 How you gon' not deal with it? 
 That's like goin' up inside of a brothel 
 And comin' out remainin monogamous 
 It just don't make a lot of sense 
 So I just stay positive 
 And if you ain't where you tryin' to get 
 Then it's a prison of the mind you in 
 "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" [4X] 
 (Big Kuntry) 
 You know who this is, mayyyyne 
 Big Kuntry Kainnng 
 Only one it's only me, who gives a fuck 'bout 2 and 3? 
 You suckers been played out, like them damn Ferrari jeeps 
 I see you niggaz on the creep but y'all never next to me 
 Cain't see you rock climbers when I'm on my mountain peak 
 Why peep? Open yo' eyes - you see the cherry Mase' right? 
 You see the streets, rollin' with me, cause my notary certified 
 You a hundred deep, but they be respectin me when it's only I 
 Green pie, back it up, tell Matty pass the mic 
 Know what I'm sayin' I'm nasty right, my lyrics got me creamin dykes 
 I'm by myself when takin' flight, and fuckin' them girls that keep it tight 
 Redbox, is the movement, Tim, where's they (Home Improvement)? 
 While you rappers keep on tryin', I'm #1 already proven 
 "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" [4X] 
 (Mac Boney) 
 What is the numero uno? 
 I dip and I slide in my two-do' 
 Deez niggaz be watchin while bitches be jockin 
 But Boney jack keep it so cool doe 
 I'm seein 'em checkin' my moves out 
 Be careful while keepin' my tool down 
 They know that I'm reppin that A-Town 
 So why do these fuck niggaz play 'round? 
 I guess you can hate now - we straight 
 We got cake, we got bread, we got made clown 
 While you broke niggaz stayed down 
 I stayed up on my game and my business I'm paid now 
 I'm never gon' lay down 
 We (Grand) and we (Royal) y'all niggaz just stand down 
 For yo' homey be man down, we done ran down 
 Tyler bent on his ass now 
 I'm the head of my class now 
 So I'm never gon' bet for these boys that stick hands out 
 I prefer to keep hands down 
 So I know who you are when I'm throwin' my fans out 
 Why swing on my Denzel? 
 I've been ridin' and swervin these niggaz since oh-fo' 
 But in one-oh, I drop one mo' 
 So these niggaz'll know I'm the one hoe! 
 "One, is the loneliest number that you'll ever do" [4X]