(Michael Jackson) 
 "Say, say, say, what you want 
 But don't, play, games..." {FURY} 
 (B.o.B - with Michael Jackson sample in background) 
 Go right ahead, say whatever you want, please 
 That's it? Go ahead, I'm here all day 
 [Yawning] Ah 
 Yup! Ha ha, yup, well 
 (B.o.B.) 
 Say what you like, but I just, take a little knife, and then I 
 Make a little slice, and then I, take a little bite, yum! 
 So miss me with all that doubt, what they all talkin' about? 
 Talkin' 'bout I ain't dope? What the hell are y'all bloggin about? 
 I'm the authority now, and I'm the priority now 
 So if you ain't on my side, might as well just throw in ya towel 
 Oh how cocky of me! To speak so highly of me 
 They say I'm crazy now; I guess I'll hire a shrink 
 And this is just how I feel - why would I lie on a beat? 
 But y'all be sleepin' on me, so I guess y'all (lie) on the beat 
 Heh! Well that went over yo' head 
 And I'm B.o.B a/k/a Bobby Ray so don't you ever forget, yeah 
 "Say, say, say, what you want" [4X] 
 (Playboy Tre) 
 Yeah 
 It's Playboy Tre bitch I'm back, once again where the fuck we at? 
 Standin strong and you can run and tell them sucka niggaz that 
 Gimme my Henn', gimme my cup, play my beat and leave me 'lone 
 And you can bet, I'ma bring that fuckin' trophy back home 
 Yellin' hoo-ray, hoo-rah; either way I want my moolah 
 Like it's payday, and I ain't leavin' the game until I say say 
 It's (Tre Day), I fuck Deltas to the AKA's 
 To ghetto ass hoes who name they bad-ass son Tay-Tay 
 Ray-Ray, and Day-Day, I'm bustin' like a AK 
 Fuck around and find yo' ass in a motherfuckin melee 
 So say what you will nigga, you can talk it, or blog it 
 Like diarrhea to toilet stools, I ain't comin' off it - naw! 
 "Say, say, say, what you want" [4X] 
 (Killer Mike) 
 Westside O.G. everybody know he can not be held back 
 It's Killer Kill from the 'ville don't mess don't chill 
 Been buckin since that crack 
 Fat boy, fly boy, fly boy, fat boy 
 Know these hatin' ass niggaz hate that 
 I prevail in spite of Hell and now I'm boss hoggin in a 'llac 
 Actually, it's a Benz my friend; I just rhymed this shit for a rap 
 And - actually I got businesses; I ain't really gotta motherfuckin rap 
 I'm talkin' barbershops and corner sto', independent label GTO 
 'Bout to open a studio, bet'cha y'all'll love me then 
 Get yo' ass a record deal and buy yo' fonky publishin 
 Say what you like, but don't fuck with Mike 
 I'm a lot of J Prince and a little Suge Knight 
 I'm throwed in the game like a basketball 
 I'm a big dawg, you're a flea on my balls 
 What you say don't pay so sincerely I say 
 Motherfuck yo' mommas and alla y'all! 
 Yeah lil' bruh, y'knahmsayin? 
 This the big dawg right here, man it's ya big dawg 
 Mike Bigga is bigga y'know? 
 Known as Killer Kill from the 'ville 
 I just wanna say lil' bruh man 
 I'm proud of you lil' bruh 
 Y'knahmsayin, with "Who is B.o.B?" 
 And now you sayin' man it's Bobby Ray 
 I respect it bruh! 
 No I respect it like 
 When Muhammad Ali came out of Cassius Clay man 
 So I'm happy to meet Bobby Ray lil' bruh 
 And let me tell you somethin' lil' bruh 
 ANY HATER man, any hater, that come up against you bruh 
 He don't wanna see the crystal 
 He don't love the 'coustic guitar 
 He want you to AutoTune 
 Tell him to suck TEN THOUSAND WEE-WEE man 
 And big bruh said that man! 
 Knahmsayin? Tell him to play booty hole games 
 At the motherfuckin... at at 
 Tell him to play at the at at at 
 As the bulldog do, y'knahmean? But 
 Don't play with Bobby Ray man I'm fuckin' with ya hard man 
 Grind Time rap game bang bang bang man 
 Um he dope 'cause I said so, holla at me 
 Westside O.G., everybody know me, fo'real!