Shoot up the station 
 The T.V.'s dead where's there to run? 
 "Cu-cut-cut-cut cut the check man" 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (T.V., radio) 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station (you know) 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (hey, sing) 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station (bah bah bah) 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (T.V., radio) 
 [Verse One]: 
 Shoot up the television with Rutgers and demolition 
 It's time we fucked the system in missionary position 
 Listen! 
 It's my intention for giving this transition 
 This is for the citizens livin' in glass prisons 
 Come up in my position 
 The product of my condition 
 Put a business plan in my hand and a vision of a politician 
 It's funny how we're never what we witness 
 Cause this is broadcast television from the villa to the village 
 So therefore we go bang-bang 
 On your corporate main frame 
 We don't want that watered down 
 We don't want that plain jane 
 Take back that Diet Coke 
 We don't want the same thang 
 This is not a protest 
 Better yet a gang bang 
 Now everybody sang 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (T-T-T.V.) 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (T.V., T.V.) 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (Shoot up shoot up) 
 [Verse Two]: 
 I'm in a distant realm 
 I live in alpha mode 
 And I forgot already, what you about to know 
 You know I'm ridin' fo' and that bullshit I just ain't vouchin' fo' 
 I beat the game already 
 Now I'm just trying to coach 
 The truth is scary, is very revolutionary 
 The signal is gonna fade it 
 The television is a berry 
 Have you heard of the beast? 
 Well we all live in the belly 
 Inhabitants of the concrete jungle to Silicon Valley 
 There is nothing to fear, not even Illuminati 
 As evil as things appear, perception is just reality 
 I ain't really here 
 A holographic anatomy 
 Really I'm on the ship with the Planetary Academy 
 Out 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (T.V. station) 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (bow bow) 
 Shoot up-shoot up-shoot up the station 
 T.V. sta-T.V. sta- (shoot up the station)