On the battlefield I am not commandeering 
 The war between the words, time to ... the cannons in 
 I am at his... 
 Try to smear niggers image down, 
 Whos the camera man? 
 Where's the mainly man... 
 What a fuck? 
 Get up off the nipple, man 
 Let your momma have a mammogram, 
 Busting like Sammy Sam 
 Niggers can't even see me on the beta 
 Like a black... standing a bad exam 
 But fuck a punch line, fuck a metaphor 
 Fuck the nigger who sat at the... feeling me before! 
 Life is like a movie, I just write the score, 
 Let me ... down, maybe you can understand me more! 
 I got no time for this..., get up above my cock, 
 Put the mic down, you're looking sixty four! 
 I'm guessing I'm the niggers that they leant to hate 
 But they still watch a nigger, and they pay attention more! 
 Closer to my words, and closer you observe 
 Trying to decipher... you niggers know this shit is absurd! 
 You notice every verb and every adjective and every syllable, 
 And why compared to me there is nobody whos identical. 
 ...General, gran hustle admirable 
 I'm bowling over here, give a fuck about your interviews. 
 Niggas talk... but they know I'm one of the coldest ... and general. 
 The more I ball the more the haters run 
 When you fuck the cane, the problems gonna come 
 Back down never, Ill never gonna run 
 Fuck life and get hot, that's what I call overcoming obstacles 
 Get upon my testicles, I got the sun to control 
 I call 'em ... I know what I gotta do 
 When you travel on this road, man after a while 
 Nobodys gonna eat besides of you! 
 Reaching out the other artist for a wider view 
 In reality artists just don't have the time for you 
 It is what it is, I don't take it personal 
 But it's a jungle out, lions don't eat vegetables. 
 I mean... I'm all about my... 
 I don't smoke ... and I'm never on a... 
 I'm going full speed, but I don't know where I'm heading 
 So keep up my yard and never touch my... 
 I'm on the edge, you should never cross the line 
 Niggers feel safe when they're online... 
 I'm about to show what a hell is... 
 So let me do this for East Side bitch ... on six! 
 Call it what you want, but real recognize real 
 So the ... true niggers don't even exist! 
 Ah, grand hustle, its B.o.B 
 Its free... not a lot of niggers bet, 
 So now we gonna see what's up and what's good 
 Bobby Ray coming to your neighborhood! 
 Yeah that's what's up, good news. 
 Thanks to madailui