(Cut and scratched x13: "You are a negro!") 
 (Cut and scratched "Now say it negro..") 
 (Cut and scratched x3: ".. say it negro..") 
 "Negro!" "Good, learn to listen well - you'll get an education" 
 (Schoolly D) 
 Am I black enough for ya, America? 
 I don't need no {?? ice until this hair is cut ??} 
 All I need is, my blackness 
 Some others seem to lack this 
 Black joy, and my black vibe 
 Gonna be a black man till the day I die 
 I'm just, rough and tough, and takin' no stuff 
 All I really wanna know y'all... am I black enough? 
 (Sung sample x2: "Am I black enough for ya?") 
 Am I black enough? 
 (Sung sample x2: "Am I black enough for ya?") 
 [Sung sample 
 "We're gonna move on up, one by one 
 We ain't gonna stop until the work is done 
 Am I black enough, black enough for ya? 
 Am I black black enough, for ya?"] 
 (Schoolly D) 
 I'm black! Too damn powerful 
 (??] I'm still a bad boy, and get a hour full [??) 
 And if you tired of the other emcees 
 Well come on in and get a listen from me 
 Because the rhymes, fourteen carat 
 You suckers, you wanna grab it 
 But you run like a little bitty rabbit 
 Pullin my cape, is a very bad habit 
 Cocaine - you still smoke it 
 Homey dude, you must be jokin 
 My fat chain, I am chokin 
 All through the school, you should be votin 
 On the M-I-C, I'm like a pitbull 
 My brain my brain is so full 
 Of words, verbs, adjectives pronouns 
 Come on in, and sit on down 
 Just listen, to what you been missin' 
 On the floor, your eyes will glisten 
 I see you wishin, on the wishbone 
 My name Schoolly School, I'm never alone 
 Just, rough and tough, and takin' no stuff 
 All I really wanna know y'all... am I black enough? 
 (Sung sample x2: "Am I black enough for ya?") 
 Am I black enough for ya? 
 (Sung sample x2: "Am I black enough for ya?") 
 [Sung sample 
 "We're gonna move on up, one by one 
 We ain't gonna stop until the work is done 
 Am I black enough, black enough for ya? 
 Am I black black enough, for ya?"] 
 (Scratched "You don't know the pain" x8)