It was Saturday night and I'm feelin' kinda sporty 
 Went to a bar and caught me a 40 
 Got kinda a high and a... kinda drunk 
 So I kicked the ass of this little punk 
 Forgot my key and had to ring my bell 
 My momma came dressed, she said, "Who the hell?" 
 Wait momma, wait, it's me ya little son 
 Before I knew it my mom pulled a gun 
 "I know who you are, but who the hell is that?" 
 I turned around man, this bitch was fat 
 I really don't know, she got into the car 
 I musta picked her up when I left the bar 
 Ya know I'm horny homey man I wanted to chill 
 But you know how mothers are, she wanted to ill 
 So I said, "Hey baby is you on the pill? 
 'Cause, tonight I wanna be your lover 
 Just one thing: I forgot to buy a rubber" 
 Wait a little while then we snuk upstairs 
 Step by step with a hint of fear 
 We got into my room, bitch started to scream 
 Momma busted in with a fucked up scene 
 Shirt ripped off, drawers down to my knees 
 Wait momma, wait momma, wait, wait, please! 
 Put back your gun, put down your brew 
 My mom fucked up the room 
 The bitch jumped up with no respect 
 I had to put the big, big bitch in check 
 I said, "Ya come a little closer and ya will get shot, 
 I'm sober anyway, I don't need no cock." 
 Oh yeah, them wild Saturday Nights 
 It was Saturday Night and I was feelin' kinda funny 
 Gold around my neck, pockets full of money 
 Went to the corner, man who did I see? 
 But the super bad bitch lookin' back at me 
 I said, "Fly lady man, you got a big butt" 
 Bitch turned around, all she said was, "What?" 
 I said, "My name is Schoolly baby, I'm down with the Shores" 
 Before I knew it up came my boys 
 Noisy as hell and drunk as shit 
 Sayin', "Yo Schoolly Schooll, what time is it?" 
 Looked a little closer and I knew it was gag 
 What I thought was a girl was nothin' but a fag 
 Everybody rappin' but they don't know how 
 Shoulda seen the boy rappin' to the cow 
 He rapped so hard that the nigga saw smoke 
 He lit up his cheeba and they both took a toke 
 The cow got high and the boy got by 
 Just don't come in my face and ask me why 
 Cheeba Cheeba y'all 
 Yeah it's that cheeba cheeba makin' 'em feel like that 
 Cheeba Cheeba y'all 
 Some call it Cheeba, some call it weed 
 It's the killer, it's the filler, it's the thing that you need 
 Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet 
 Smokin' a J and scratchin' the itch 
 Along came a spider and sat down beside her 
 And said, "Yo, what's up with that, bitch?" 
 But then down the road came Mary and her lambs 
 Smokin' a Lacy in each and every hand 
 The poor little spider, he couldn't score any 
 They were 2 dollar bitches and he only had a penny 
 Cheeba Cheeba y'all 
 Yeah Cheeba Cheeba y'all 
 Let me tell ya a little tale about Peter the Pimp 
 Sucka MCed, tried to cop a limp 
 Rode around town in a couple of cars 
 Got gagged by the man tryin' to stick up a bar 
 The judge said, "Boy, what was on your mind?" 
 He said, "I had some Cheeba Cheeba, cocaine and some wine." 
 The judge said, "Boy, relax and have a beer 
 You won't be doin' shit for the next ten years." 
 Cheeba Cheeba y'all 
 Yeah, it's that Cheeba Cheeba 
 Cheeba Cheeba 
 Some call it Cheeba, some call it weed 
 It's the killer, it's the filler, it's the thing that you need 
 Cheeba Cheeba y'all