"Man I wanna tell y'all something man" 
 "Man I'm not gonna let these material things get in my way y'all" 
 "I'm trying to get somewhere" 
 "I'm trying to get somewhere that's real and pure and true and eternal" 
 "Toby can you do it yo boy" 
 "Let's go" 
 Father, God, I am clay in Your hands 
 Help me to stay that way through all life's demands 
 'Cause they chip and they nag and they pull at me 
 And every little thing I make up my mind to be 
 Like I'ma be a daddy who's in the mix 
 And I'ma be a husband who stays legit 
 And I pray that I'm an artist who rises above 
 The road that is wide and filled with self love 
 Everything that I see draws me 
 Though it's only in You that I can truly see 
 That it's a feast for the eyes, a low blow to purpose 
 And I'm a little kid at a three ring circus 
 No, I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 Don't wanna walk away, let me hear the people say 
 I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 Don't wanna walk away, walk away, walk away 
 The paparazzi flashes and they think that it's You 
 But they don't know that who You are is not what You do 
 True, we get it twisted when we peak at the charts 
 Yo, before we part from the start, where's your heart? 
 You're a pimp, hustler, tell me, what's your title? 
 America has no more stars, now we call them idols 
 You sit idle while we teach prosperity 
 The first thing to prosper should be inside of me 
 We're free, not because of 22's on the range 
 But Christ came in range, we said yes, now we changed 
 Not the same even though I made a fall 
 Since I got that call, no more Saul, now I'm Paul 
 I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 Don't wanna walk away, let me hear the people say 
 I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 Don't wanna walk away, let me hear the people say 
 Don't wanna walk away, walk away, walk away 
 How do I sense the tide is rising? 
 Desensitizing me from living in the light of eternity, eternity 
 How do I sense the tide is rising? 
 It's hypnotizing me from living in light of eternity 
 Tell me, how do I sense the tide that's rising? 
 Desensitizing me from living in light, living in light of eternity 
 Oh, what we gonna do? 
 When we're relying on You 
 All eyes are on You, Lord, all eyes are on You 
 All eyes are on You, Jesus 
 I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul 
 Lord forgive us when we get consumed 
 By the things of this world and fight for our love and our passion 
 As our eyes open wide on You, grant us the privilege of Your world 
 And may Your kingdom be what wakes us up and lays us down 
 Hallelujah, Hallelujah 
 (No, don't let me lose my soul) 
 *Door closes* *broom sweeping* 
 "Hey excuse me. I'm lookin' for some dude named Toby?" 
 "Yeah, last door on the left, you'll hear 'em." 
 "Thanks." 
 "No problem."