{Willie D} 
 Mama's outside, barbecuing ribs and links, 
 It's Juneteenth, but to me it don't mean stink. 
 It's a day of emancipation, but everybody wonder why 
 Willie ain't celebrating. 
 But things ain't perfect. 
 I'm looking beyond the surface. 
 So instead of drinking beer, and playing Dominoes, 
 I'm sitting in the room with my eyes closed. 
 (Chorus - K-Rino - some Jamaican) 
 White man and the mental yet ta black ol'shade, 
 White man and the mental yet ta blacd ol'shade? 
 For tellin' black mon no matta the dum'smarta rich 
 If the matta mo'mon jus a white mon's bitch 
 De givin' us crack to let the ghetto people 
 Coming to the problem of the world, 
 Blaming racial discrimination when they fuckin' up the self, 
 Willie D slap the thigh, and K-Rino crack despise 
 Black mon get the government dick out ya eyez 
 (Willie D) 
 Follow me now, see, as I get a little deeper, 
 They think I'm a drug dealer, 'cause I wear a beeper. 
 But if I wasn't black, and I talked all proper, 
 They probably think I was a doctor. 
 I try to have the finest things in life, 
 But when I get'em, they say I'm not living right. 
 They search my house and car for no reason, 
 Like it's muthafuckin' goddamn nigga season. 
 And it is when you think about it, 
 They hurt yo'ass, treat you like an animal, and bragg about it. 
 It's like a cop turnin' vicious as a 12-gauge 
 No wonder why he gets his picture on the front page. 
 Now even if you're light, and damn near white, 
 You'll get smoked, B-'cause yo' in the same boat tryin' 
 To surround yourself with white 
 Folks in your video, 
 Like Paula Abdul she's a silly ho. 
 Although you only might be one-percent black troop, 
 They still consider you a mook. 
 But she say's she ain't black, so how da'FUCK she figga?. 
 Yo bitch, u still a nigga. 
 (Chorus - K-Rino - some Jamaican I imagine???) 
 Government broke in my house with they guns 
 So they busin' and breakin' 'cause they paid to no one 
 Now they have a murder rap and they makin' no stros 
 So I'm facin' incarceration in the police station, 
 There wasn't a bitch or a wicked assassin 
 Since they comment homicide 
 Offering to tend protection 
 Resist conviction 
 'Cause the shot from da'honest white mon 
 Now to hear some muthafuckin run. 
 (Willie D) 
 True niggas retaliate, they don't run. 
 I say we niggas 'cause they treat us like scum. 
 So get a nose job like Michael Jackson 
 Go to a white school, and change your accent. 
 U STILL A NIGGA, so how da'fuck you figga 
 Since you moved out da'neighborhood, 
 And datin' a peckerwood, 
 That you're different from the rest of the clan. 
 Tryin' to get a job, and count how many doors slam. 
 Goddamn, I'm on a row. 
 I can't forget about my bald head hoes 
 To some, it's a fashion, 
 To wear weave and pony tails, 
 But the other hoes wanna be white girls. 
 Whodini said "Be Yourself, Trooper," 
 U don't see white folks tryin' to act BLACK do ya. 
 So why you laughin' at the brotha in dreads, 
 U neet to get the chemicals out yo'own motherfuckin' heads! 
 No matter how you aim and change your game 
 And rearrange your frame, U STILL A NIGGA!