(Feat. BizMarkie) 
 (Shante) 
 We came here tonight to get started 
 To cold act ill or get retarded... 
 (Shante) 
 I'm Shante and the rhymes are def 
 Just rap so fresh till I get out of breath 
 Now this is somethin' that we do have to do 
 And this is a team that I must introduce 
 I'm Shante, he's Biz Markie 
 We rap so fresh that they think it's three 
 Three of us who rap together 
 Strong as a bond that is tougher than leather 
 My name is Shante and yes, I'm top choice 
 And you can tell by the sound of my voice 
 That the way that I rock that I am the best 
 Higher than the rest, plus considered fresh 
 Threw on my Filas and my Fila suit 
 Stepped out my house, I just knew I was cute 
 Bumped into Biz, he had on Filas too 
 I said, "Yo, Biz Markie. What ya wanna do?" 
 He stepped out the house chillin', yes ya know 
 Went outside, it's kinda cold ya know 
 So I threw on the bomber so I could get loose 
 Matter of fact it was my black Goose 
 Stepped outside, everyone was on it 
 I said, "You like it, baby. Don't you want it?" 
 They looked at me, they thought it was funny 
 And out of my pocket came a mint of money 
 Me and Biz went Uptown, yes 
 Chillin' around 'cause we know we're the best 
 And then this guy came up to me 
 He said, "We want you to make a record, you see" 
 Looked at Biz, said, "Do ya wanna do it?" 
 He said, "Yeah, Shante. There's nothin' to it" 
 I said, "All right", and time has passed 
 "I saved the money" 
 "Ha ha!" and we laugh... 
 (Biz laughter) 
 "That's not enough... 
 Things are gettin' tough and sort of rough 
 If you're not paying me ten G's or more 
 Then you might as well take your contract out the door" 
 He looked at me, he got so mad 
 And then when he left we were sort of glad 
 No, we don't sniff coke, we don't get high 
 All we do is dress real fly 
 Hang out at a party till the mornin' light 
 Chillin' all the time while other MC's bite 
 I say my rhymes, he does the beat 
 And you know me and him could never be defeated 
 We never sing Beat It and no, we don't Eat It 
 And if you do not like it, well yes you can bite it 
 And don't you go and get excited 
 I'm Shante, he's Biz Markie 
 Side by side you know it's we 
 No, I don't speak French, when I say we 
 I mean us two, not 'Yes, sirree' 
 Everyone knows that I am much better 
 Come on Biz Markie, get it together 
 Talk to the girls, you know they are wack 
 Tell those crabs they sound like cats... 
 (Biz mews like a cat while beatboxing!) 
 That subject's cute and it's sort of fine 
 But another subject just came in my mind 
 It's sort of crazy, it's sort of wack 
 I'm talkin' about five-dollar cracks 
 Runnin' round town just stickin' up each other 
 Ready to rob each other's mother 
 Gettin' little capsules, don't wanna choke 
 And all you do is sit down and smoke 
 Your jaws move in, your body gets skinny 
 You spend your money to your very last penny 
 You walk around town in the same old jeans 
 And yes you know just what I mean 
 No, you're not cute and you're sort of wack 
 You're gettin' really skinny, only big as your hat 
 And if you wanna beef I'll tell you so 
 And here's a few things that you should know 
 Yes, it's crack, then it's Peace 
 Come on y'all, take it from me 
 I was told to stay away 
 This is a message from Shante 
 You wanna dress fly and have some cash? 
 Well stay away from it because it's like a rash 
 Once you get it you start to itch 
 It's attached just like a (Hhhuh!) 
 Let's continue with what I said 
 'Cause this is somethin' playin' in your head 
 'Cause we come to party just to have action 
 Just to prove to you that I'm not Michael Jackson 
 Rap so strong and rap so def 
 Rap till I get out of breath 
 Now we have introduced to you 
 Me and Biz, the Def Fresh Crew... 
 (Shante) 
 Me and Biz, the Def Fresh Crew 
 That was def. See you later... 
 (Biz) 
 Shiiit...