Fresh 
 Comin' through shinnin' on them pussy's keep that lama on me nigga, get money on them pussy's (so fresh) 
 Shinin' all the time, my ice be bubblin' gucci to the maid and the hoes (so fresh) 
 Got the candy on the seat, the belt and the package nigga under the heat (so fresh) 
 So the time be the time, it's a must a nigga shine so we stay up on the grind 
 See the big money talk see I got it from the big nigga... (big nigga) 
 From the lil' nigga... (lil' nigga) 
 To the field nigga... (field nigga) 
 (?) 
 Want the whole blow so we put the game down and we got it under control... 
 Disrespect the G code, fuck that, we know how them pussy niggas just act up, and go home. 
 Yeah 
 See, I seen it first handed put I still look like a man nigga did it with the gun in my hand. 
 (Fresh) 
 Whether, get it any weather, 
 Rain or snow, we shinin' for the cheddar 
 Money in the lama how we grindin' on 'em birds keep flying while these niggas keep hatin' on em 
 Yeah, that's why they come up so short 
 Like (?) tell me this ain't pussy... 
 Fresh 
 Comin' through shinnin' on them pussy's keep that lama on me nigga, get money on them pussy's (so fresh) 
 Shinin' all the time, my ice be bubblin' gucci to the maid and the hoes (so fresh) 
 Got the candy on the seat, the belt and the package nigga under the heat (so fresh) 
 So the time be the time, it's a must a nigga shine so we stay up on the grind 
 Find me in another town, doin' like it's my town 
 5 star G homie anywhere I leave my crown 
 Burnin' with a few bitches 
 May know about the riches 
 Boss hog new nigga that's a whale to these new fishes 
 So we chill at the hotel 
 5 star (?) and she know me well 
 And that's just my thing, 
 Goin' straight to the bank 
 And how we work that thing, you know the game brings money over bitches 
 And bitches over money 
 Them hoes chasin' so them niggas keep runnin' 
 Back to my saddle homie 
 Mils and pounds on him, 
 Uptown crown see the number above the bitches? 
 See we live above the heights 
 Do it under the lights 
 We do it so bright (so bright) 
 Like picked tomato 
 Ripe picked tomato 
 Make your head a tomato 
 Bitch 
 Fresh 
 Comin' through shinnin' on them pussy's keep that lama on me nigga, get money on them pussy's (so fresh) 
 Shinin' all the time, my ice be bubblin' gucci to the maid and the hoes (so fresh) 
 Got the candy on the seat, the belt and the package nigga under the heat (so fresh) 
 So the time be the time, it's a must a nigga shine so we stay up on the grind 
 Landed on my island again 
 Jet black helicopter 
 You know I got that other chopper, 
 That's how I'm flyin' homie 
 Hittin' them switches on em 
 Complete a mission on em 
 One of a kind sky high that's how we gettin' it on em 
 Got the money though 
 Trade the bird bag 
 Gucci and reverda bag 
 Louie and fendi bag 
 You know we trippin' when we tear the whole mall down 
 It's big money homie this is how we shut it down 
 Yeah nigga we sip, to dip 
 Dip on this money as we, chase and flip 
 Higher than high life 
 That's just another sight 
 Put it in your life 
 That's just another flight 
 Yeah 
 Got a car on full 
 Mashed the whole gas nigga get it till your good 
 See, I play it for the hood 
 Got it out the hood and a nigga ain't full 
 Fresh 
 Comin' through shinnin' on them pussy's keep that lama on me nigga, get money on them pussy's (so fresh) 
 Shinin' all the time, my ice be bubblin' gucci to the maid and the hoes (so fresh) 
 Got the candy on the seat, the belt and the package nigga under the heat (so fresh) 
 So the time be the time, it's a must a nigga shine so we stay up on the grind] 
 Go hard on these bitches 
 All the time nigga 
 (So fresh) 
 M.O.B till you D.I.E, M.O.B (?) 
 (So fresh) 
 That's what I'm talkin' about 
 Nothing else 
 Fuck it