Woke up in a dope house. I hope I'm in the wrong house. I woke up in a dope house. 
 Riding around my section in that Audi coupe. Momma just sent me a message, Boy I'm proud of you. I apologize to the mirror, I have doubted you. You a real nigga, just keep doing what you got to do. These niggas playing, you a gangsta on the internet, talking bout what you gon do. The question is why you ain't did it yet, bitch. Got a six, smoke it like a cigarette. Kill you if I feel threatened, but really I'm just trying to get this check. Grinding like I'm on the run, grind like a sold a ton, riding with a stolen gun. 
 Y'all don't feel me. 
 Why I'm gonna hold my tongue? A lot of these niggas hoes. A lot of these niggas told. Jockin niggas with money that's what the hoes will be on. Shoot first, ain't taking no ills. I'm on that shit that Kobe on. We like the sunlight in the spring, we come around and snow be gone. Doorway struck, doorway falling, got no toys to throw away. 
 Just know I ain't going back. Word, I ain't going back, I ain't going back. This for my niggas that say I ain't going back, I ain't going back. Fuck all that nigga, I ain't going back, I ain't going back. Word. I ain't going back. 
 Said that with my hand on the 'bout it. One bedroom apartment like I can't recall survival. It's shoot is something I rival. I swear you don't know the half. Bitch niggas was rocking with me started going behind my back. Now looking back on that, I'm just blessed to be alive. I got robbed back in oh-five, my partner didn't survive. The look in his momma's eyes when I told her what had happened. Seeing my homies slumping in some shit you can't imagine. I grew up seeing shit tragic, but momma stabbed in her face. Nick off of her breast, survived by God's grace. Smoking trying to erase. Said I'm seein to retrace. I need to be in God's place, don't never question my faith nigga. 
 I ain't going back. Word, I ain't going back, I ain't going back. This for my niggas that say I ain't going back, I ain't going back. Fuck all that nigga, I ain't going back, I ain't going back. Word. I ain't going back.