All these pussy niggas taking shots. Must be shootin with they eyes closed. I'ma be thuggin' till my eyes closed. I'ma be smoking till my eyes closed, sippin till my eyes closed. And I swear all the niggas see is gwap. In this even with my eyes closed, even with my eyes closed. I count that money with my eyes closed. Smokin' till my eyes closed. Sippin till my eyes closed. 
 The harder I grind the more they hate. They hate but I'm gettin' this money. 
 Okay I pour a dose or two, sippin on a four-by-four. Blowin' dough though but I'm still awake like I'm on no doughs. High on the sky but my eye's low. Yeah I know, they underground, I get around. Rest in peace uncle Chad. Rest in peace uncle Pac, still feel that your murder was tragic. I'm the nephew you never had. I'm you with a syrup habit. Still remember where I was ninety-six when I heard what happened. My first cousin Karma born the same night. Recurring patterns of thought return and then get brought up and love 'em just like your music forever. Every since you, who would'a knew you'd influence my future endeavors. Take them hoes to the telly, they get looser than ever. I'm sippin juice, totin metal. Might get to shoot one whenever. 
 All these pussy niggas taking shots. Must be shootin with they eyes closed. I'ma be thuggin' till my eyes closed. I'ma be smoking till my eyes closed, sippin till my eyes closed. And I swear all the niggas see is gwap. In this even with my eyes closed, even with my eyes closed. I count that money with my eyes closed. Smokin' till my eyes closed, sippin till my eyes closed. 
 I closed my eyes, tried to pray. Good Lord I'm so high today. Wait, what I'm trying to say, as far as I got. Probably a little tired but I'm wide awake. If in nice by the way. Run up by me by mistake, won't let hatred decide my fate. Thankful, I'm grateful, I pray for family and love and better judgement and patience but understand I'm a thug. Slow my plan up, I had gambling, should have ran this shit up. Riding around Atlanta in a Phantom with a fem and two cups. Wait, close my eyes I'm daydreaming. I stay scheming, I work early mornings and late evenings. But I don't pay for the eight even. Bought a quarter pound for the eighty. I'm Adolf for no reason. I'ma sixteen just to triple that then I'm laid up at the four seasons. Serta J's I'm saying I'm leaving just to get J's out both seasons. Although I'm almost incoherent, the drink and the drugs so cohesive. My flow complete, I'm just passing game. Did you catch that? You should call receiving. Get half a bar, just hope that you know that we know that you're broke and we don't believe you. 
 All these pussy niggas taking shots. Must be shootin with they eyes closed. I'ma be thuggin' till my eyes closed. I'ma be smoking till my eyes closed, sippin till my eyes closed. And I swear all the niggas see is gwap. In this even with my eyes closed, even with my eyes closed. I count that money with my eyes closed. Smokin' till my eyes closed, sippin till my eyes closed.