And I can't sleep... 
 Early morning, business calling, waiting on the sun to rise. Swervin only, little lonely, Carter told her, "Come outside." Text her back, too old to try to sound polite. It read, "Please bring me a cup of ice. I promise I'ma fuck you right." 
 Got god swab plus some Jolly Rancher, sour syrup, baby food jars, and baby bottles for example. Stupid perks. 
 Up all night like Gilbert Godfrey, on that loud, call it Gilbert Godfrey. Strap like better rain is, pill poppin'. Zanec so I don't feel the Miley. Pandora on Phil Collins, ten years in bitch I'm still ballin. Chill dog, just trying to get a ticket like they left my name at will call. And I can't sleep so I count it with the people I can count on. The air in the ear I was awake all night getting my countin' on. It's gonna be like this from now on. 
 No, I can't sleep till they stop sleeping on me... 
 Look, I've been beefin homie, riding around with that heater on me. Revved to give it to and one these niggas, even if they don't want it. Chiefing that diesel, bumpin Bentley thinking of the reason thinking bout how we used to serve morning to evening only. I went straight from rejects to a check. Lost plenty of homies, but not respect. Success bittersweet like a text from your ex, hah. Let's pour out a little lean for all the young kings that never seen they princesses turn into queens. 
 Just like we dream, no I can't sleep but I still have a dream. Hit one like this, I wasn't eating so I had to skate. Never been on the front of one of those magazines. I was on front line more than one time, unloading those magazines. Yeah, pumpin all that gasoline when my younger bro had to stash the green, got turned out by the cash I seen. I procrastinated, now I have to make it. I'm fascinated by faster ring. Chasing paper, sleep deprivation, yo bitch dog I'm laughin' at this nigga who just jacked with some beans. 
 Life ain't no fairytale, I just know this shit is real but, scarytale. You know, I just don't want to lie to them. Do anything but sleep or tell.