Change, shit I guess change is good for any of us. 
 Keep the change. Change, I don't even think it's strange. People change, cause people keep on changing on me, I just keep it one hundred and I tell 'em keep the change, keep the change. People keep on changing on me, it's to the point where I don't even think it's strange, when people change. Cause people keep on changing on me, I just keep it one hundred. 
 Deepest pain when we exchange even a glance. See what I'm saying? Feel like it's me to blame. You're only strong as your weakest link. One leak and a ship can sink. Don't speak if forget the, uh. Don't speak if forget to think. I'm sipping pink and smoking purp. Selling weed, no felonies. A spelling bee when I go to work, OZ's, QP's, HQ's of OG. Yeah, I go berserk. That's three fifty, twelve hundred, or fifty. For what it's worth. Yo, for what it's worth you want a quarter ounce. Ninety nine dollars, ninety-eight cents. I keep it one hundred and I tell her... 
 Keep the change for your two cents. I grind hard, bitch, to the point where I don't even think it's strange, when people change. Cause people keep on changing on me, I just keep it one hundred and I tell 'em keep the change, keep the change, keep the change. People change. 
 I ain't changed a bit, I can't change for shit. And I change my whip like I change my fit. And when I change cities you know I change my bitch. Keep it one hundred with my plug cause that's who pays my clique. Just wanna thank the streets cause y'all paid for my wrist. Y'all been paying for my kicks by my bitch out the designer shit. Spoiled rotten like my daughters, I had to change for my kids. I had to change how I live so I could change where I live. If you check my ID, it say I stay at my momma crib. Some things I can't change, like the price of cocaine. Never met 'em but free red die, I pray them laws change. Bought my way into the rap game and them tell 'em keep the change. 
 It's to the point where I don't even think it's strange, when people change. Cause people keep on changing on me, I just keep it one hundred and I tell 'em keep the change, keep the change, keep the change. People change. 
 Cause people keep on changing on me, I just keep it one hundred and I tell 'em keep the change, keep the change. It's to the point where I don't even think it's strange, when people change. Cause people keep on changing on me, I just keep it one hundred and I tell 'em keep the change. 
 Keep the change you filthy animal. 
 It's to the point where I don't ask a nigga for shit, not permission, not a cent. People change over change, a nigga flip out 'bout a bitch. Ain't that 'bout a bitch? When people change, I tell 'em keep the change. You won't amount to shit. 
 It's to the point where I don't pay these niggas any attention. Abraham Lincoln probably blinked from all the pain to pinch. How you let that hating shit get in your system? Used to be a real nigga, I'm just reminiscing. 
 It's to the point where I don't even think it's strange, when people change. Cause people keep on changing on me, I just keep it one hundred and I tell 'em keep the change, keep the change, keep the change. People change.