Yikes. Feeling like I'm running out of time. What time is it? No time like the present. Oh I'm feeling like I'm running out of time, running out of time. Feeling like I'm running out of time. Running. 
 Hurry and be patient. Hurry and be patient. We just waiting on a break through but it ain't occurred to us to keep waiting. What you want is what you feel farthest from, but you feel you deserve it, huh? I don't feel like my nerves is numb, impervious like I just started this song. Fast forward to a service in a church, a funeral or a court date. Anxiety keeps me separate, to myself. Getting higher by the day, reminds you of the divorce rate. No place like home, fourth base, slide through for a play just to feel more safe. Even though I really know I can't avoid fate, nor ignore hate. I'm going through it as well, I consider myself and my music as means for me to motivate. It's understood, sometimes good just ain't good enough. That's okay 'cause I know I'm great. 
 I'm feeling like I'm running out of time, moving forward but I'm still behind. And it seems the faster I run the less I get done and I don't know why. 
 I got more money than time. Just trying to get more money than time. I'd rather put it in my rhymes than have somebody dropped down, have my body can find. Talk to my homies in the cell on the cell, someone out of time. Let 'em know I'm doing fine, I got some girls on go, let 'em know when they fine. They airing it, I'm racing myself, impatient with myself. I know I don't rest 'cause I sleep light. Trying to eat right for the sake of my health. What's beef like when the steaks is well? So high they let me gamble in a separate room. So high I'm riding next to known like eleven fifty-seven. Make eleven, and a fear fire sitting right next to em. Paranoid, like I'm on borrowed time. All my shit like a rest room. 
 I'm feeling like I'm running out of time, moving forward but I'm still behind. And it seems the faster I run the less I get done and I don't know why. 
 Pacing myself and racing myself.