Oh man, give me your keys. You drive my car, I mean take my keys. Don't text and drive, don't drink and drive, don't tweet and drive. 
 Last time I can't remember all the party and bullshit, we was too throwed, yeah we drove off the road. Thought that we were supposed to die when we were old. I'm just trying to live right now, I hope I die when I'm old. But girl I swear I died when I saw you. I tried to text you or call you, and the next thing you know, yeah I drove off the road. Under the influence, I'm out of control. Girl, you're driving me so crazy. 
 Okay Darryl saw Carrol at a party, but was scared to speak. Few cups of liquid courage later he like, "Dawg, I think she's staring at me." But Darryl seen a pair of Carrols, his vision impaired. Apparently she walked over like, "Where is the weed, you ready to go?" Wherever she leads they gone. On the highway to hell, no. Who cares if you speak, we just young we don't give a fuck 'bout nothing. So they careless, not wearing a seat belt. Fasten up, time out like Zack in uh, Saved By The Bell. Say fuck fashion, I'm trying to cash in off this passion. 
 What the hell, well, back to the story. I'm lifted, I'm drifted, so was D, mostly from most of the drow. His was like Tokyo, driving fast and he curious. If he crashes dad will be furious. See Darryl was rather well off so the ride was rather luxurious, but money can't buy you second chances. Carrol's character was giving suggestive glances. Sexual advances, next thing you know they at second base. Ahead of schedule, never planned this. Let's just say the next scene was a little less than romantic. 
 Last time I can't remember all the party and bullshit, we was too throwed, yeah we drove off the road. Thought that we were supposed to die when we were old. I'm just trying to live right now, just tryin' to live right now, just tryin' to live right now. 
 Eh, I'm on the way, I'm in the car now. 
 How you know when enough is enough? No such thing as too much, that's what's up and what you living for. I got a life but I don't get it. So easy to lose what you got trying to get it, I'm no longer with it. The last track was a metaphor for a crash course. These hoes will have you unfocused and I know it. I'm poured, driving like I stole it. On my way, but the story never get told if a telephone pole is on the line like, why the hell you ain't home yet. Gotta finish the out, say I'm real but I'm lonely. Now I'm swerving trying to hurry up, I'm horny. Syrup and a bar, straight purple no sony. Hatin' on the low cause see my worst I don't show it. I fucks with ya, know the words to my old shit. Ain't nothing changed but the calendar pages and my girl temperament. She be having hard days when she don't want to be bothered. Sometimes I rather not say shit. Either that or I'm snapping. What happened to my patience? But you be having conversations 'bout you having my baby. I'm a man first, rap's just my occupation. 
 I'm a man first, rap's just my occupation. But it's keeping me out of jail so how could I not be thankful. 
 Starlito, Fried Turkey.