(Timbaland) 
 Uh... uh-oh, uh-oh 
 Tch-tchka-tchka-tchka-tchka uh 
 Uh-oh, uh-oh 
 Tchka-tchka uh 
 Uh-oh, uh-oh 
 Say what, say what? Freaky freaky uh 
 Tchka-tchka-tchka-tchka Bubba 
 (Bubba Sparxx) 
 I ain't choose to rhyme; rhymin chose me 
 So I hit the track runnin' - like a nosebleed 
 Life ain't great now, but it's much improved 
 Your album droppin' this summer? That sucks for you 
 Cause this is Bubba's moment - I put my mother on it 
 I said my momma; it seems as if I love her don't it? 
 So buckle up, 'cause it's gon' get bumpy 
 I call my girlfriends Betty's, and my shits grumpies 
 That Bubba talk - gotcha open wide 
 I giggle outside the booth; but ain't no joke inside 
 This is complicated - at least to y'all it is 
 Just let me sell fifty million, then I'll call it quits 
 But until that day, y'all in deep doo doo 
 I never once saw you crank it 'cause I just sleep through you 
 What you need to do, is just admit you love me 
 The South has always been Dirty but now it's gettin' ugly 
 Ugly - in here! 
 Huh, in here! Huh, in here! 
 It's gon' get ugly - in here! 
 Huh, in here! Huh, in here! 
 It's gon' get ugly, ugly, ugly 
 In here! Huh, in here! 
 It's gon' get ugly - in here! 
 Huh, in here! Huh, in here - uh-oh! 
 (Bubba Sparxx) 
 Though I am country, don't get the wrong idea 
 My ego's gettin' bigger, with every song I hear 
 Cause y'all been bullshittin, spittin' that booty chatter 
 Out here for two days and came with somethin' that truly matters 
 On goes the saga - of Bubba's plight 
 She won't see tomorrah, if I don't cut tonight 
 That's just my mood now; I hate it came to this 
 How else can I say it I don't speak no other languages 
 I'm fairly ripped now, so this the jimmy talkin' 
 You hear that beat don'tcha? That's just Timmy talkin' 
 Go 'head throw dem bows - fuck it, break a bottle 
 Let's be honest none of us will ever date a model 
 So let's just cut it loose, ignore the repercussions 
 If you scared, then just forget what we discussin 
 This that new South - take a picture of me 
 'Cause I'm a fuckin' legend, and this is gettin' ugly 
 (Bubba Sparxx) 
 Now this thang is jumpin' - ain't it somethin'? 
 What makes it special, this whole moment came from nothin' 
 Now you see it triples; I bet she slurp tonight 
 Lames hide your wallets hatin' broads clutch your purses tight 
 If you ain't tryin' to live, you with the wrong crowd 
 And if you feelin' brave then better sport that thong proud 
 And if you finally breathin, then sing this song loud 
 I'm glad I got you wet I know you had a long drought 
 Don't worry about the law - they can't arrest us all 
 I had to crank couldn'ta done nothin' less for y'all 
 Forget your inhibitions; I wanna see you whylin 
 And if Bubba dies tonight - know he was smilin' 
 (Timbaland) 
 Ha ha, it's gon' get (ugly - in here!) 
 Thck-thck (Huh, in here! Huh, in here!) 
 It's gon' get (ugly - in here!) 
 (Huh, in here! Huh, in here!) 
 It's gon' get (ugly) say what? 
 (Ugly, ugly) Say what? (Ugly!) In here! Huh, in here! 
 (It's gon' get ugly - in here!) 
 (Huh, in here! Huh, in here - uh-oh!) 
 Thcka-thcka-thcka-thcka-thcka check switch uh 
 {*"Get Ur Freak On" beat*} Switch it one time 
 {*Bubba's "Ugly" beat*} Now switch it back baby 
 {*"Get Ur Freak On" beat*} Switch it one time 
 {*Bubba's "Ugly" beat*} Now switch it back baby 
 (Missy) "Holla! Ain't no stoppin' me" 
 "Copywritten so" (so what?) "don't copy me" 
 {*Bubba's "Ugly" beat*} I want you to... 
 (Missy) "Holla! Ain't no stoppin' me" 
 "Copywritten so, don't copy me" 
 (Timbaland) C'mon Bubba, let's go