One two, one two, one two, mike, check, check, check, yeah, one two, yeah, yeah, clear, clear, yeah. 
 I'm a young ragga *bredda* from the LDN, in my Nike air bubbles and they cost one ten. 
 Got these beanies on ma lap, and they all want the length, I'm a ghetto superstar, come straight from the ends. 
 An I walk it like I talk it, brother ain't just hype, makin' moves for the money everyday an every night. 
 Best to believe I keep it tight, best to believe I'm movin' right, keep my business on the low, you best to believe I'm outta sight 
 I like money money money, girls girls, cash cash, I'll let the champagne splash. 
 Yo, I'm not a gang banger but I'm good with a mash, make you scratch your head an wonder is he really that flash 
 But it really doesn't matter 'cause you know I keep it movin, middle of the dancefloor, lean, I'm grooving. 
 Baby cocked her bumper out, you know I gotta wind it, when we leave the club I'm really gonna get behind it. 
 Nike air bubbles on my feet, lookin' fresh, got my brand new garms on, dress to impress. 
 Got my phone line poppin', all these beanies gotta crush, keep something in my pocket case these fellas try an rush. 
 Brown eyes, five ten, dark skin, Mr Dizzee rascal, why you even askin. 
 Under cover lover, girls call me buff ting, but, used to keep a balaclava restin on my chin. 
 An it's the ends here, hustle hustle, bling bing, blow it in, about to hear the fat lady sing. 
 Don't matter what I'm sayin', it's the answer within, but, lifes a jungle, everybody wants to be the king. 
 But it's all right though, I got my eyes on the prize, money in my draw, bigger picture in my eyes. 
 Hands around my testicles, little finger risen, every step that I take is a step with precision. 
 I'm precise, precisely why my future's lookin' nice, the penthouse is lovely, it's a shame about the price. 
 But you only live twice, that's on the real, no matter where I am I'll always be the real deal. 
 Education starts with discipline, I'm listenin, but conversations kinda muffled since I got rich and tings. 
 Double turn, indirectly spoke, I never heard a thing, under ground or overground, what's the difference I'm the king. 
 Learnt devine right, it's my heinsight. I see it all, 'cause I ain't that fake to spread my wings an fly, you're a fool. 
 Talikn like you're mighty and you're high, but I know you're small, there's no logic in your gossip, just the writings on the wall. 
 Over ignorant, you ain't got it, you just play far, far from the realist old dog, menace, you're a mark. 
 If you're deep, why you gotta roll fifty to the club, blood, who d'you think your foolin with that fake crew love. 
 The streets don't cater for no long term plan, these roads don't give a damn about any man. 
 I try an show these brothers, they refuse to understand, so I'll just keep doin' what I'm doin' while I can. 
 East side crew, west side crew, north side crew, south side crew. 
 East side crew, west side crew, north side crew, saw side crew.