You know it's that time, 'cause... 
 What time is it, man? 
 Summer time man. 
 Yo, I love this time of year man, I love it haha. 
 The girls are out, they're wearing a lot less... 
 No time like summertime, blood. 
 It's all nice man, it's all lovely, time to live it up man, yeah yeah. 
 Summer in the city, such a very special time, 
 If you put aside the traffic, air pollution and the grime. 
 You'll be pleased to be reminded that the girls are looking fine 
 And, apart from money, that's the only thing that's on my mind. 
 Short skirts, belly tops, fake tan, string vests, 
 With da bra underneath, so the man's gettin' hard off of half of a glimpse... 
 I got plans to be scooping up a couple buff tings if I can. 
 If I can't, then I'm still live, 
 I go 'n' check my little yappy by da seaside 
 'Cause I no she's live, plus she's a dealer, 
 She gives me hospitality, she treats me right, 
 That's what I need right!? 
 And if not, then I'm on a little mission to Los Angeles 
 To check my Beverley Hill honey to see I she can handle this, 
 Pimpin' ain't no easy thing 'n' some of these chicks are scandalous 
 But I'm a player and I say I gotta be the man for this, I love you. 
 I don't believe in fate, 
 Life is what you make it, make it great. 
 I'm tryna elevate, 
 Concentrate on gettin' my papers straight. 
 Survive the great escape, 
 From the ends, I used to congregate 
 Intil I could no longer wait 
 I had to find the bruvas, 
 Otherwise I would have been worthless, making fast on the estate 
 Ignorant to what the earth is offering when I should take, 
 Every chance 'n' every opportunity to try and make, 
 Every second 'n' every breath of life, something to celebrate. 
 So I been around the world, now close to the occasional boast. 
 Different folks, different strokes, black, white 'n' asian. 
 All these ladies look incredible, still got me gazin' 
 Ridin' jet skis on power boats, feel so amazing. 
 Club poppin' in Ibiza, I got pull up right outside 
 The entrance, in the hummer people glare 
 Then they stop, stare and wonder who I am 'n' who I'm not, 
 I just take it in my stride, but I ain't never felt this hot and I love you.