How am I gonna pull this off man without soundin' dark? 
 This, this is too sensibly for me man 
 How you gonna have a dream come true? 
 I use to dream 'bout crazy little things like fame, in the days hangin' outside the off-license. 
 We use to run around the streets reckless with no shame, mainly up too no good 
 A whole world a nonsense and when the girls walk by, we would try to catch their eye 
 And if they ain't a show face, we would act immature ova people 
 Tryed to tap me girl since I was a kid, a couple west girls on my radar, I was raw 
 And I was dead sure that I knew it all, whole world against me 
 Attitude I nearly blew it all, I find it a real big struggle, gettin' through it all 
 I swear I didn't wanna listen 'cause I sure didn't care, 
 Not know if a reality I'd have to prepare, 'cause money don't grow on no stick when it's rare 
 Me own bro was lukin' less than less the lick, plus I was growin' up, life was lukin like a scare 
 How you gonna have a dream come true? 
 I use to love music. 
 It was like my hidden hobbie, but I couldn't get on local radio back then, 
 So I went to north London, I travelled to Tottenham to be precise 
 And got some air time on Heat FM, then it escalated. 
 I was gettin' ratings here and there and carried on until eventually I was everywhere 
 I started doin' all the hot spots; Ministry, Ceaser's Palace, P Area 
 Tannin MCs, I did the grim and the glamour, I did the port and the plush, 
 I didn't hang around, I wanted my money in a rush, 
 Mind frame in the studio, dis stage no time to chat I didn't wanna engage 
 I found my self a new hussel, it was beautiful and non like the one before a bit more suitable, 
 The more challenging it got the more I fought it 
 Made an album, over a 100,000 people bought it, thank you. 
 Talk 'bout things you like, to, do 
 How you gonna have a dream come true? 
 To all the youngers cotching in the stairs in the flats 
 To the super star soccerlings, Beckham in the makings, you can go far 
 If you put your mind to it, you're a star 
 Don't wait to be told, just do it, 
 Try and keep school in your plans, don't worry bout ur man's 
 They'll be there in the end if you're real 
 If they ain't, don't be makin' no effort to impress 
 You're fine the way you are, just do what you feel 
 Young baby mothers, yo I got your back as well, 
 Young baby fathers, hold it down for your girl, 
 I ain't tryin' to preach but for what it's worth (what it's worth) 
 That kid's the next generation, planet Earth, 
 Big shout to the world 'cause I been all around (all around) 
 When I'm gone, I'm always thinkin' 'bout my home town, 
 I'm from the LDN, no forgettin' that, and the big uk I stay reppin' that! 
 How you gonna have a dream come true? 
 Hey you love that, tell me you don't love that