(Dizzee talking) 
 So what you thinkin' 'bout London city now aye, 
 What'cha think you know? 
 Big Ben tells the time 
 (Background) 
 East London, ghetto, west London, ghetto, north London ghetto, south London 
 East London, ghetto, west London, ghetto, north London ghetto, south London 
 I'm the London hustler, a golden grind, grind. 
 Young hustlers we graft all the time, 
 Dawn or dark, non stop UK walk. 
 Yo as a hustler in the city before I came to stack 
 Kord knows I got the devil on ma back 
 It's a cold world, gotta stay on track 
 Dog eat dog, others gain if you lack 
 In the LDN, where I learn to attract 
 Calm that, I can show you where it's at 
 First things first, get a block 'n' a flat 
 Next up, get a black hoodie and a hat 
 Living in the big brother's camera view 
 Giving my axe to the boys in blue 
 Straight 5 years, getting caught, that's you 
 Sitting in a cell, still wondering who couldn't keep quiet 
 Now you're on a diet 
 Mash potato, cauliflower and stew 
 Pissed off with not a lot to do 
 And the word on the street don't ever seem new 
 And resisting arrest don't even seem true 
 Endless hype, who do you believe? 
 And will it ever relieve the loneliness at night 
 Let's see if you remain convinced on 
 And will it ever relieve the loneliness, let's see 
 If you remain convinced, you might know full well 
 The streets are like a few more marks, a couple more ranges 
 Other than that, not a lot ever changes 
 Sky looks grey in London city 
 We stay graftin', 'cause we're gritty 
 Hustle hustle constantly, hustle hustle hustle constantly, 
 Sky looks grey in London city 
 We stay graftin', 'cause we're gritty 
 Hustle hustle constantly, hustle hustle hustle constantly, 
 I used to roll money up against the wall 
 Didn't ever wanna play hopscotch, well I'm clinical 
 Parking life 'cause I'm dark in the white man's crotch 
 And I've been doing this since Tamagotchigi 
 Show anybody in my face, invadin' my space, 
 I'll bring it on star, bring it on star, WATCH! 
 I'll end your hours on the clock, I'll end your days 
 You'll think I'm crazed when I give you the midnight rock 
 End of sentence... full stop. 
 Now what you gonna say about that, 
 I'll put all your plans on lock 
 Make you put all your man's on the spot 
 I'm totally everything that you're not 
 I'm totally mad, you've lost the plot 
 To even consider getting me got, 
 Carried off to a hospital block in shoc 
 On the table, ready to operate, never mate, 
 I dictate and relegate, who's heavyweight 
 I'm king of the ring, make moves in any state 
 LDN we do our thing 
 Sky looks grey in London city 
 We stay graftin', 'cause we're gritty 
 Hustle hustle constantly, hustle hustle hustle constantly, 
 Sky looks grey in London city 
 We stay graftin', 'cause we're gritty 
 Hustle hustle constantly, hustle hustle hustle constantly, 
 Damn right, yeah 
 Young hustlers, London city stand up 
 I'm a show you, its gritty out ere 
 Yeah man serious... 
 I swear to you, it ain't all teacups (nah man) 
 Up in Buckingham Palace (nah man) 
 I'm a show you how gritty it is out here (yeah man) 
 Serious 
 You gonna know 
 You gonna understand 
 It's Dizzee Rascal solo 
 I'm ere, what 
 Ghetto UK stand up 
 Dizzee Rascal gi' us a bell! 
 I swear to you...