(Dizzee talking) 
 Laid back 
 Still live-o, get me? 
 Tryin' a do my best man (clear) 
 We're real round here 
 Get me Wiley? 
 Roll Deep on live 
 Uh, live-o 
 Look Yo, 
 I'm just sitting here, I ain't saying much I just think 
 And my eyes don't move left or right they just blink 
 I think too deep, and I think too long 
 Plus I think I'm getting weak 'cause my thoughts are too strong 
 I'm just sitting here, I ain't saying much I just gaze 
 I'm looking in to space while my CD plays 
 I gaze quite a lot, in fact I gaze always 
 And if I blaze, then I just gaze always my days 
 'Cause it's the same old story, shutters, runners, cats and money stacks 
 And it's the same old story, ninja bikes, gun fights and scary nights 
 And it's the same old story, window tints and gloves for finger prints 
 Yeah it's the same old story, police investigate around the area 
 'Cause it was only yesterday we was playing football in the streets 
 It was only yesterday none of us could ever come to harm 
 It was only yesterday life was a touch more sweet 
 Now I'm sitting here thinking wagwan. (Get me wagwan) 
 I'm just sitting here, I'm just sitting here, Yo... 
 I'm just sitting here, yeah I'm just sitting here, yeah 
 I'm just sitting here, I ain't saying much I just watch 
 I really don't feel like moving so I cotch 
 I watch all around, I watch every detail 
 I watch so hard I'm scared my eyes might fail 
 I'm just sitting here, I ain't saying much I just smile 
 It's funny 'cause I haven't bust a smile for a while 
 I'll smile for a minute, and I'm smiling for an hour 
 I'm scared 'cause it's sweet, but it could turn sour 
 'Cause it's the same old story, chung intelligent yaps in hospie flats 
 And it's the same old story, benefit claims and cheques in false names 
 And it's the same old story, students truent, learn the streets fluent 
 Yeah it's the same old story, strange, there's no sign of positive change 
 'Cause it was only yesterday, we was standing firmly on our feet 
 It was only yesterday, girls were innocent they kept us calm 
 It was only yesterday, there was less bobbies on the beat 
 Now I'm sitting here thinking wagwan. (Wagwan, wagwan) 
 I'm just sitting here, I'm just sitting here, Yo... 
 I'm just sitting here, yeah I'm just sitting here, yeah 
 I'm just sitting here I ain't saying much I'm just vex (shame) 
 I seen a lot of bullshit, wondering what's next 
 I'm vex at humanity, vex at the earth 
 I keep getting vex, till I think what's the worth? 
 I'm just sitting here, I ain't saying much I feel to cry 
 I'm sitting here depressed and I don't know why 
 I try to pull myself together, tell myself fix up 
 And I keep myself from bawling but my eyes they erupt 
 'Cause it's the same old story, crazy boys keep getting on my nerves 
 And it's the same old story, police don't give me no peace 
 Yeah, it's the same old story, friends slowly drifting from the ends 
 Yeah, it's the same old story, I've sussed, there's nobody I can trust 
 'Cause it was only yesterday after school we'd come outside and meet 
 It was only yesterday, it was all love back then 
 It was only yesterday, every sunny day was a treat 
 Now I'm sitting here thinking wagwan. (wagwan wagwan) 
 I'm just sitting here, I'm just sitting here, Yo... 
 I'm just sitting here, yeah I'm just sitting here, yeah, 
 I'm just sitting here.