(Feat. Spice-1) 
 Celly Cel: 
 Murder One, Motherfuckrs Call it Redrum 
 Doin' niggaz in and let them shells pile up 
 From dumpin on these niggas in my motherfuckin face 
 I breaks 'em off a taste of that Ciggety Cel and Spice... 
 Spice 1: 
 Gettin' it on like Marvin Gaye, I'll meet you by the motherfuckin dock of the 
 East Bay [blew] 
 Kill 'em off like this, ba-da-ba-ba-ba-bye, 
 Them slugs couldn't spill me, them niggaz shoulda killed me... 
 Now I wanna know who they are, 
 When I put some slugs in them niggaz kill 'em off in they car... 
 Celly Cel: 
 You see, they can't fuck around with niggas whos so quick to blast, 
 So quick to put these slugs up in your ass 
 They be a hundred miles and runnin' when they see me comin', 
 Bringin' more funk than the pussy on a yeast infected woman 
 So kick the flow, 
 You see a nigga stompin with that 'H' on my back 
 Choppin these fools in half with my Mack 
 Spice 1: 
 Mass motherfuckin murder they ain't breathin', 
 That niggas wheezin, 
 Hot slugs got him freezin' 
 Coughin and he's soundin like he got a cold, 
 But hes chokin off that Redrum, whole fuckin' body numb... 
 Redrum leave your body numb, blast dum-da-dum-dum 
 Retalliation is a must where I'm from... 
 Redrum leave your body numb blast dum-da-dum-dum 
 Drinkin' Redrum 'cause I'm 187 proof... 
 (Spice 1) 
 (Blaaaw) 
 Murder in the first and shit, 
 Beat a nigga dead body with the pistol grip, playa... 
 Sp-Spice 1 often shoots, kickin knocked out niggas in the head with boots 
 I got my motha fuckin' choppa, pop a cap, in your ass cause you can't stop a 
 Psychopathic motherfuckin nut, 
 Snatch all your fuckin' guts, 
 Leave your ass in a ditch all opened up... 
 Kickin' the tales of the niggaz who got crept on, 
 Blow out his fuckin' brains, 'cause I was slept on... 
 Celly Cel: 
 Now I'm posted with a chopper in my coat full of Hennesey, 
 Fixin' to let my 40 spit out thirty-two when I see, 
 These niggas that wanna test a playa swingin' from my nuts, 
 Pull my mighty Mack and let the street sweeper sweep him up... 
 The only thing I leave behind is casings on the ground, 
 Lookin' for the snitches on the block so I can buck 'em down... 
 I gets my Clown with every round that I let fly, 
 Trigger happy niggy in the hood, die nigga die 
 Funk for life, when they smoke me that's when I'm done, 
 So take a sip of this Red motherfuckin' Rum... 
 Celly Cel: 
 Call me the Undertaker, call me the casket closer, 
 Fillin niggas up with lead like they fill Shwisher's up with doja, 
 At the graveyard countin' the bodies I left in the mud, 
 I break 'em off, ain't nothin' but buckin' till they spittin' blood, 
 But niggas don't feel me, 
 They wanna kill me but these fools don't know me, 
 I rolls them like a blunt, fill 'em with slugs and bury them slowly 
 Infrared beam gleam, he's dead on the scene, 
 Shot in the spleen, 
 Got two in the chest he's off the scene, 
 Its C-Celly Cel and Spice 1 sp-splittin wigs, 
 Its murderin' so some of that Redrum come take a swig. 
 (Blaaaw) 
 Spice 1: 
 These motherfuckin nuts if you wanna murder me 
 Harder to kill than your average motherfuckin 'G' 
 Put a cap up in that ass, 
 Nigga with a gat that's quick to blast, 
 Raisin up outta the funkwith a chrome four four and a black ski mask, 
 Killin' for the cash, mobbin' that ass, 
 When so many of these gang buckshots shatter my glass, 
 Mashed on the block and I kept on bustin' 
 Gotta let them know I'm not no Midnarc 
 Put it up in Piznark 
 And let my A.K. Biznark 
 Beitchh! 
 Killin' off niggas in the diznark 
 You ever seen what a bullet can do to flesh 
 Just call me Messy Marvin, leaves a mess...