Verse One: 
 Boldly go only to sew the block up, lock shit down, 
 Mama told me you's the giant 
 Pump out the nose cold, crimewave, host em, baratone 
 Throne 
 So defiant, they stole the science from the o.g. 
 Carbon copies, sloppy, trying 
 To muscle out the o.d. slapshot, can't get it past the 
 Goalie mask 
 Stonefinger roam, royalty zone off, henn, gin rummy 
 Stunts, cummin in sums, writing on ya tummy hun 
 Low stamina, still hungry some, asthma, 
 Clogged up, Ramus smog, dialogue, dorm plasma, road 
 Hog it all, hammers 
 No matter what, the track's right and exact, it 
 Matters, the scanners listen 
 System jammer, right on ya rack, black panther on a 
 Mission 
 Right back at you, ready to cook this shit! 
 Babylon apple, natu-wu (natural) habitat, stone 
 Statues (planes crashin!) 
 Verse Two: 
 Robotron golden arms, pentagon brain cell, all to 
 Gain, chained to the bumper. 
 Wolfgang hunters, field goal punters tone, steel toe 
 Eruption, it's a gusher! 
 Tonecrusher smith, usher the style, stubborn born 
 Criminals foul within the isle 
 Let off a signal with attitude, magnitude, beat 
 Through, me devil lies that's sized of cathedrals. 
 The track more lethal, came back to see you 
 Finish the job off proper, live wire shit, spit the 
 Lava, the helicopter hit you, flyin saucers, of 
 Course, may the force not be with you 
 These bengals that dangle, sinister phantom menace, 
 Hansome are my lenses, all in the register, speakin' my 
 Spanish, clips like banana grips, bananza, dressed 
 Fancy in the club, Halle Barry slowdance, we romance, 
 Now gimme love 
 (More planes, and pilots panicing.) 
 Verse Three: 
 Jackie chan movements, hard to kill for real, drill 
 Him some more with some 
 Old fashion smooth shit, long winded, splendid the 
 Bomb blow, on the whole 
 A ruthless, butter roll flow. Show improvement? This 
 Shit is cool whip to me, 
 When I throw off the wool. This music with a mule 
 Kick, eight ball in the side 
 Pocket corner, one mark the chalk, gimme my poolstick, 
 Smoked the dipped, 
 Notes by the throat, full grip, scud puddy in my 
 Hands, fans, read the blueprints, 
 The truth, the slang you bit? To form in a sentence, 
 The cold winters I spent with 
 Splinters, the apprentice under Rza's training, he 
 Sang, each aim's vintage, 
 Aimin at you swine eater, wifebeater scoundrels, 
 Stolen vowel thieves, I'm swollen 
 Now, Collen Powel relief, throw the towel in, tools 
 In, full spin, school 'em again, 
 Show 'em that the wise could rejuvinize all these 
 Hoodlums, don't sleep he could win. 
 Pull a pen, it's full again, celeb, all on the web on a 
 Conquest, no disturbance, 
 Address it to ya chest, you're in turbulance, mighty 
 Men vitamin d. Rest in peace 
 To my nigga bigga b.love you g. (repeat)