I been calling tryna get a hold of you, you (yeah, yeah) 
 Feeling lost and I don't know what to do 
 So can you get back to me? 
 So can you get back to me? 
 So can you get back to me? 
 I'm calling god, I'm leaving voicemails 
 I know your there, I need to talk before my voice fails 
 Before your boy bails 
 'Cause they be taking all the fun away 
 I'm listening to say goodbye to Hollywood and run away 
 I guess be careful what you wish for, right? 
 You say the truth and they come at you with pitch forks, right? 
 I'm in Copenhagen, overthinking 
 Every single moment, pacing 
 Round and round the room 
 Its 4:00 AM, I'm at the phone just waiting 
 For your call, I need a pep talk God 
 It's getting harder to keep going I need a rest stop God 
 I swear non of these massages get the stress off God 
 Sometimes I swear I want to get a gun and let off God 
 Aim it right at my enemies 
 Make the devil obey me 
 They tryna kill me 
 Can you blame me for the thoughts I have lately 
 I know it sounds crazy 
 That's why I call daily 
 Please don't betray me 
 God can you save me? (pick up) 
 I been calling tryna get a hold of you, you (yeah, yeah) 
 Feeling lost and I don't know what to do 
 So can you get back to me? 
 So can you get back to me? 
 So can you get back to me? 
 Family issues make success bitter sweet 
 Sometimes a cold shoulder is the only way to deliver heat 
 That's the situation that I'm in with my dad 
 Me and my mom dip quick 
 No one lives with my dad 
 Yeah it's sad but he brought it onto himself 
 Last time we talked, we didn't talk we just yell 
 He knows he got issues, he told me he's getting help 
 Told dad I got to put the relationship on the shelf 
 Did with what I delt 
 Welp, boohoo right? 
 I shouldn't care 'cause I got houses and some new coupes, right? 
 But money's not an adhesive that can take all the pieces 
 Of a broken family and put them back together 
 Agreements ain't as loud as inner turmoil 
 Get to the roots, replace any burnt soil 
 While the world boils over fake problems with me 
 I just need sixty, seconds 
 Yo god, hit me (please record your message) 
 I been calling tryna get a hold of you, you (yeah, yeah) 
 Feeling lost and I don't know what to do 
 So can you get back to me? 
 So can you get back to me? 
 So can you get back to me? 
 Fuck 
 I guess I'ma just keep calling 
 One of these days you gonna pick up, hopefully 
 Yeah