I didn't vote; now I'm rolling with the commies, 
 But I never took lessons from no hip-hop nazis. 
 Keep throwing darts 'cause the world is made out of plastic, made out of pigs. 
 Why bother to shower, there is no power, it was all built empty? 
 I could have been a lot bigger by now, but I've loved being a threat. 
 Give me some of that good old-fashioned electrotherapy. 
 So what if I dress like a terrorist, walk like a bug, or am dumb like a journalist? 
 Suckers write for critics, so I kill for the art. 
 I jog in peace, the rest is stress; don't let them fool you. 
 Follow me if you want your face on every milk carton. 
 All your superheroes are afraid of the dark, 
 And in their own shadows they wear too much black, 
 And in their dreams dance naked. 
 Walking through crowds awake, and you can't tell who's laughing at you 
 Or trying to be the new best friend of the hour, so you drink more. 
 With a ton of urine on my shoulders, I learned to swim; 
 So if god gives you acid, burn. 
 Down for the bubbles, there's no don and no jacuzzi; 
 What would a preacher do? I'm fuckin' with kids. 
 Everybody's jealous of the people they can't be like, 'cept me, 
 I got a cross-shaped penis and I love myself when god isn't looking. 
 If you buy that, there's a lot of money to be made on wall street. 
 You'd be a lot better if you were different, 
 But you're just like them, so it's business as usual. 
 So I don't need your respect, I just want a fancy funeral. 
 That's why we're selling live water to out-of-towners with cameras, 
 Living like ghosts in this globe we can't run from. 
 Look closely: I bleed through my nuclei pores, 
 They shoot it out their nose and say this can't be art. 
 It's so easy being honest, it feels like I'm stealing. at times 
 You were like real down for a cause, but wanted geraldo; 
 All I ever wanted was a fancy funeral. 
 When I'm a gas, I'll be a laughing gas... thought they was gas the way 
 They come and go so freely... more weed for me. 
 Searching for some holy grail; there I go again, chasing my tail. 
 I'm peace on rap, but the (w) raps, they fit me so well, 
 I came and saw and laughed and drew on all the walls. I was younger then; 
 These days babies fall from the sky like porridge. can't save 'em all 
 From the mall, from the bouncing ball, 
 From 2002 to 1984. go buy a PlayStation 2; this is what your enemy looks like: 
 An infrared blotch on a screen. for 30 lb. shells, 
 They run, run out of breath, rest, stop and get killed 
 'Cause god wants mcdonald's plots on every desert shield. 
 I'm just trying to eat well, but there's no healthy food at gas stations. 
 A lot of us can't sleep well being raped; 
 And public school is military training, 
 Don't be putting acid in the teacher's coffee. 
 Read about the 20's, the 40's, and the 60's; 
 Walk out, get a ged, and go to berkeley university. 
 Since they never tell you the stories about who makes away with the money. 
 I'm selling live water to out-of-towners with cameras. 
 We're still all poor, so what the fuck you bitching for? 
 Gotta keep selling live water to out-of-towners with cameras. 
 You better go find god or something, 'cause christians get the best distribution. 
 We keep selling live water to out-of-towners with cameras. 
 I watch 'em fall from the sky like porridge; hard as you try, you can't save 'em. 
 We keep selling live water to out-of-towners with cameras. 
 As long as I keep living for nothing, then I'll be keeping a record. 
 We keep selling live water to out-of-towners with cameras. 
 America game: pick your character. will you be easy to get along with or hard to kill?