(Trigger tha gambler) 
 There a toker, under the numb, scumb looker 
 Get the gatherin, big willy, me, thug rich and booker 
 The gun to gun, face off, street smart nigga 
 That I'm ready to tear your numbers right off the burners 
 To throw the d-8 trace off, ruckus click cause the mystery 
 Sellin, which, cap killin', go down in history 
 You dissin me, bell to releact the combat 
 I sit back, when niggaz throw raps 
 I be like, "where your are at" 
 (Rubbabandz) 
 It's a leaky-leak world and I don't give a fuck 
 All I wanna do is puff that purple stuff 
 The sun ain't never shine on my block 
 It's like a permanent eclipse 
 The only light is gun spark 
 Fightin on the premissis, that you want to be yours 
 Catch your on the stairs, your floor's eight 
 But, you won't make it past four 
 I'm sick and tired of niggaz actin' high fashional 
 Flashin, wackin and not reactin 
 (Smoothe da hustler) 
 Y'all niggaz, know what time it is 
 Leavin' niggaz withour no watches 
 When I drop this shit about hustlin 
 Y'all niggaz know, who rhyme it is 
 You gettin' the head from bathroom 
 To book-book to rap-rap to tracks-tracks to wax-wax 
 When starts toss the headphone 
 The dead zone, MC's get done since 
 The grittiest square root 
 Equals a dead mother fucker in my circumference 
 The shell maxed, well matched, dressed in black leather 
 To come through buildin for buildin 
 Jack dead for crime cheddar 
 (Shyheim) 
 All day, I dream about guns, money, cars and bitches 
 Thirsty niggaz, who want my riches 
 I got somethin' for em, in '96, you gotta be trife or die 
 That's how it is in the streets of s.i., in God we trust the lye 
 Niggaz I run with, their mentality is fuck it 
 And heated with a vest, gun cocked ready to buck shit 
 Altough they do, to makin' crack and dope sales 
 And jiggy-jigg won't stop us from gettin' the dough, for real 
 (Trigger) money, clips and fat stacks make the world go round 
 (D.v.) what makes the world go round 
 (Rubba) alcohol and marijuana makes the world go round 
 (D.v.) what makes the world go round 
 (Smoothe) cocaine, lactose and boilin water makes the world go round 
 (D.v.) what makes the world go round 
 (Shyheim) big guns, money and pussy makes the world go round 
 (D.v.) what makes the world go round, round 
 (Rubbabandz) 
 Shaolin, stapleton born and raised 
 The battlegrounds is where we spend most of our days 
 I lick a shot for niggaz slingin cooked up rocks 
 To make the prophet, so all y'all crap niggaz need to stop it 
 I see my peeps transform like autobots 
 Shootin at missed, prime ass niggaz, who stop us from makin' figgaz 
 We can't be eliminated, the world wil be contaminated 
 G.p. players activated 
 (D.v. alias khrist) 
 Shot twenty shells, twenty heads fell 
 Twenty bodies rapped, twenty churches rung death bells 
 The bitch fucker, the thug cop chucker 
 The glock under my belt, tucker, the wild mother fucker 
 My lifestyles, maxin, taxin, a pistol wipin 
 Girl come here, bitch slapped and carjackin 
 Cap carrier, contract arrangin, twenty-thousand dollar hit 
 Body, the scenic 
 (Shyheim) 
 Bet your life nigga on two red and one green dice 
 For fifty cents, nickels or get nice and pay the price 
 A hot rolex with ice, fit around my wrist 
 A gorilla in the mist, with a four fifth, kill you and your bitch 
 Get you open like bullet wounds, deadly like toxic fumes 
 Get my peoples ? ? ? through all the ballons 
 Wack rappers and listeners, this for all y'all 
 Can't follow, put my records out on virgin 
 Cause my styles be sellin 
 (Smoothe da hustler) 
 Brooklyn and shaolin puttin' the hurtin' in front of the curtain 
 Hookin and crookin, I'm takin' back uptown, back downtown like fulton 
 I house the best, when I be rappin', I be packin 
 So niggaz in clubs, fire marshalls got me on house arrest 
 Front, I caution it, I bless so many mics 
 After I die, niggaz'll cut my hand off and auction it 
 Nineteen seventy-seven, February eighth 
 This little nigga be packin big, but I ain't got faith to hustle it 
 (Rubba) thugs, slugs and drugs make the world go round 
 (D.v.) what makes the world go round 
 (Trigger) hand in pistol, pull out the gristle makes the world go round 
 (D.v.) what makes the world go round 
 (Shyheim) murderers and carjackers make the world go round 
 (D.v.) what makes the world go round 
 (Smoothe) state to state, pushin weight make the world go round 
 (D.v.) what makes the world go round, tound, round, round, round 
 (D.v. alias khrist) 
 Brooklyn, brownsville makes the world go round 
 Shaolin, stapleton makes the world go round 
 G.p. wu makes the world go round 
 D.r. period makes the world go round 
 D.v. alias khrist makes the world go round 
 I said the ruckus makes the world go round 
 Mr. trigger makes the world go round 
 Smoothe da hustler, definitely makes the world go round 
 Shyheim makes the world go round 
 Rubbabandz makes the world go round 
 The nexx level click makes the world go round 
 It be the crew that makes the world go round 
 It be the crew, it be the crew that makes the world go round 
 It be the crew, it be the crew makes the world go round