(Excuse me, uh beg your pard? Nah wait hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up. 
 Bitch, you don't I don't get paid enough for you to talkin' to me like that. 
 Straight up and down. I don't feel like standin' about a fuckin' front door. Aight? 
 You know what? Matter of fact, a year from now, when you at home on your only day off 
 And you watchin UPN, you see me come up there and watch me get my motherfuckin' award. 
 Tell your kids I said...) 
 How'd I get stuck in this dead-end job when I can rap 
 But of course my real collecters they ain't tryin' to hear that 
 Matter of fact, they asking Dexter when I plan to pay back 
 On a long line of credit that they lent me way back, way back, way back 
 At the turn of the century 
 The notice they sent to me 
 They sayin' essentially 
 If I don't pay that balance off with a loan with an extra fee 
 Penitentiary, a criminal charges 
 Are prolly sure to follow if you dare disregard this 
 And that got me nauseous 
 And feeling precautious 
 Cause the fruits of my labor 
 And bend (?) on harvest 
 At least there's an artist 
 Cause at least there's an artist 
 You can call whoever when you talkin' the hardest 
 But you suppose to call when they all think you garbage 
 And figure that you washed up 
 Damn, they so heartless 
 'Cause when I call the office 
 They act stiffy and stanchy 
 And this just ain't where I'm suppose to be, 
 This just ain't where I'm suppose to be, 
 This just ain't where I'm suppose to be, 
 This just ain't where I'm suppose to be, 
 Cause this just ain't where I'm suppose to be, 
 This just ain't where I'm suppose to be, 
 This just ain't where I'm suppose to be, 
 This just ain't, this just ain't 
 Now I'm in a situation that I can't pacify 
 So I'm looking through the papers 
 Skimming through the classifies 
 When I see a opportunity that can't pass me by 
 That I can get the job, if I give this class a try 
 Put my pride to the side, go get 'em 9 to 5 
 Causing livin' check to check the only way that I'll survive 
 But Dodee saw the lie cause the lee's certified 
 They take all the shirts and towels for the course that they provide 
 But of course they will provide 
 A mean of employment 
 Which is basically a job that I soon be annoyed with 
 So this unemployment is now sudden to change 
 Cause of all these interviews and I'm running my game 
 And I'm bein' introduced by my government name 
 And I'm only out to prove that we one in the same 
 So for now, my good game a fall away from recording 
 'Cause they left a message saying that I start Monday morning 
 (Hello, this is OCS for Dexter Mills. Dexter, we have work for you on Monday 
 Morning at our Banana Republic and Broadway and Spring St. in Lower 
 Manhattan. You are to be there at 10 o'clock in the morning. Please call us 
 Back and let us know your availability. Have a good day, good bye. 
 -Oh guess what Ma? Guess what, guess what? 
 -What, what? 
 -I got a job, today! 
 -Wooeeh. 
 -At the department store they hired me. They said I start on Monday, and um my hours 
 I'm a be doing the dayshift, and they going start me on a low pay. But they said like 
 Eventually I could um move up and 
 -Oh great, this is the greatest news I've heard. My prayers have been answered. You 
 Got a job! 
 -I could do the job in the daytime then I could go to studio at night. And... 
 -Oh, here we go. 
 -Naw, I could go to the studio at night. I just gotta make sure that I don't stay in 
 The studio too late so I can get up in the morning and then I can catch the bus and 
 Go to the job. 
 -Oh yeah, but when you start that stuff at night you gotta get your rest cause you 
 Gotta get up and get to work. 
 -It'll be aight. I'm going to celebrate, let's get some Capri-Suns. I wanna celebrate. 
 Let's do it, let's do it.)