"The Good, The Bad, The Ugly" 
 Yo you can keep asking them fuckin' questions all fuckin' day man 
 I told you what- I told you what the fuck happened man 
 Told your partner the same thing man, how long a nigga gotta stay here? 
 There was money on the table with the bricks 
 I was in the living room feeling on this bitch 
 Heard my car alarm goin' off on my 6 
 So my dogs start barkin and some niggas hit the fence 
 So I take my dick out this bitch mouth and walked to the window 
 Pull the blinds down and took one hit of the Endo 
 You niggas ain't doin' shit, but stealin my neighbors rims so 
 Walked back to the couch and told the bitch to bend over 
 That's what I'm rolling with... 
 Nah I ain't shit and I ain't snitching on nobody 
 Yeah that's my .45, but it ain't got no bodies 
 And 2 dead niggas? Them is nobody... 
 They should've torched em, and you wouldn't had no bodies 
 I mean look at these pictures, just so sloppy 
 Couldn't have been me, I do my shit like John Gotti 
 Feed the nigga to the sharks after dark 
 Man fuck this shit I thought I told y'all 
 There was money on the table by the bricks 
 I was at the kitchen table choppin up some shit 
 Listenin to Jeezy and I heard a little (speeding car) 
 So I turned the radio down and cocked my 4 Fif, oh shit... 
 Am I hit? Nah just a hole in my Jordan fitted 
 So I turn down all the lights and cock my 4 Fif 
 Seen some niggas jump in they escalade and that was it 
 How much longer I gotta stay in this muthafucka? 
 Let me get a cigarette, I don't even smoke but shit y'all got a nigga stressed 
 I gotta stay in this muthafucka until I confess? 
 Shit, y'all bitches better get some rest 
 'Cause it'll be a cold day in Miami 
 Before I snitch on myself or the hood, you understand me? 
 Ya I fuck with the Bulls but I ain't Sammy 
 Niggas run around the hood singin'... They should get a Grammy 
 And you two muthafuckas should get an Oscar 
 With this good cop bad cop shit... Take me to process 
 'Cause I don't eat breakfast with no pigs 
 I watched First 48 so fuck your 25 years 
 No evidence, no big. I don't know who split them niggas' wigs 
 Already told y'all, there was money on the table with the bricks 
 I was walkin' to bathroom to take a shit 
 Then I heard my dogs barkin, there's some noise by the fence 
 So I ran to my room and reached for the 4 Fif 
 Then I seen three niggas by my back door 
 Looked out the bathroom window and seen two more 
 So I reached for my chopper and some clips out the drawer 
 Guess I had to welcome niggas to the gun store...