(I know a nigga seen me and how my change is laning kid 
 Nigga prolly thought, man, I had... 
 I got cursed or something man but 
 Wasn't even like that kid 
 It's... it's just the trials and tribulations you go through in life 
 It ain't nothing, kid 
 It ain't nothing a soldier can't handle, ya know what I mean?) 
 Cause yo 
 Who knew my luck would change? 
 Who knew my luck would change? 
 I thought a year from now 
 It'd be like hearing now 
 And no one would hear me now, hear me now 
 Listen 
 I used to have to stay in this locked up basement 
 Now I'm getting calls just for product placement 
 They say that song Spaceship gave my career a facelift 
 Now I'm on a comeback trail to make a statement 
 Cause who I put my faith in it ain't no four leaf clover 
 Or if your birthday fall between June and October 
 So I don't read no horoscopes or go to astrologists 
 Or clutch a rabbit's foot when I'm twisted like Oliver 
 While others grab terror, call me shuffle a deck 
 I'd rather hit it road hard than go hustle a check 
 It wasn't nothing for 'Quence 
 When I'm hated, damn, wish me well 
 Cause now they all throw me they money like a wishing well 
 And when I slipped and fell it ain't make me superstitious 
 It proved a rare change is, now I got that true predition 
 But they all figure the only way he make a fortune cruise 
 Is if I ate blue diamonds, pink hearts, and horse chews (?) 
 Now those who knew my situation prolly thought a mirror shattered 
 And why they even said that I had war beneath flatters 
 Till I made them envy me like the initials for Nevada 
 But once you turn the car none of that shit even matter 
 But to see how niggas scatter when I lost my cash 
 You would have sworn a black cat had crossed my path 
 They either lost my math or I miss they call 
 But now I see right through 'em like a crystal ball 
 If it was up to y'all I would never get discover 
 But I chose to evolve and got myself from out the gutter 
 But they tryin' to pull me back 
 The way they did to others 
 Who chose to split to poll 
 And then say bread and butter 
 Well you tell those motherfuckers 
 So much for the jeans 
 Cause now I wear Louis Vuitton and dress cherry (?) from pink 
 And if they had the nerve to think I would ever give up 
 Well homie let 'em know that they shit out of luck 
 Sing it. 
 Who knew that my luck would change? 
 Who knew that my luck would change? 
 I got cars, I got cribs among other things 
 But the tears from the heart of my love won't change 
 Who knew that my luck would change? 
 Who knew that my luck would change? 
 I thought a year from now 
 No one would hear me now 
 Who knew that my luck would change? 
 Who knew that my luck would change? 
 I got cars, I got cribs among other things 
 But the tears from the heart of my love won't change 
 Cause who knew that my luck would change? 
 Who knew that my luck would change? 
 I thought a year from now 
 No one would hear me now