And now for a message from... (ChamillitaryMayne) Yours truly. Haha. Why it sound like he saying my name. Y-Yeah, Chamilli, Chamilli, Chamilli, Chamilli. I'm yuling on them like soulja boy, bombing on 'em like ice-t. So you better do the right thing like a throwed back spike lee. Lets Get it. 
 Cheayah! Chamilli in there, the mixtape god 'il answer your prayers, now that the best verse on millie is right here. If you ain't making a millie or more than what is you on the beat for. Detour, He poor, but he said he a D-boy. (D-boy?) All the rappers act like they need war, but when there's war they equivalent to the peace corps. I murder mixtapes for years they prolly told you no way. Everybody know the truth bout what I did in the past like O.J. You in the way of the paper chase when I get on the toll way, you betta be able to jump an aston martin like you Kobe. If you can't handle the trill, you better not interview me. Everybodys a gansta, you fakers could neva fool me. I live in the swab house. I stay Tony draped up in jewlery. you know that I rap alot, see I leave the crib with the tooly. I don't really give a care about how any of these hatas view me, prolly think he gone shoot me, stretch me out like a duelly. Vivid Imagination. Colorful as a coogie, must have been watchin scarface and got cha life by the movie. (OKAY!) I'm hearing snoring, the industrys gettin' boring, all of the millions theyve been enjoying, from publishing and touring. Write a check, its private jet, you write a check and it go BOINGG, and I swear this track says millie so much that it can get annoyin. Somebody please send a message to Bangladesh, I ain't the best. Today is backwards day, and that will also mean I ain't the fresh- 
 Est rapper, make a bet and I will take the bet 
 Was looking for a place to get, I pulled out a pen and placed a check. Somebody send a message to Dr. Dre and Eminem They taking so long to drop that we jam Soulja Boy instead of them 
 And YOUUUU hear what I'm saying if you're intelligent It looks to me your girl has been everywhere that my umbrella's been 
 It's raining Benjamin's, but that ain't 3k is it? 
 It ain't a Benjamin or an Andre if you ain't get it You gotta rewind it, don't try to tell me that I can't spit itSick 'cause if it isn't then we just isn't in the same clinic And to tell the truth, I don't know if the DJs dead homie 
 But the way it's going, Autotune will be at the ceremony When it's time to hear the EULOGY, ain't no foolin' me. I'll make Kanye West tell you that Lupe isn't COOL as me. Don't put my name with beef, you nerds are such a tease 
 It's like you freakin' Alicia the way you stroke your Keys. And socially, no one as dope as me and they ain't supposed to be. I'm over free, now the F'n fee is what you owe to me. You know you're no debris, but you're a germ mayne. I got the sanitizer that'll extinguish your fame. I'm the villain and you Gilligan, lost if you get in the middle when. I'm swimming, and I'm killing them, with all my killer pen-a-men- 
 Ship, you ain't tall enough, raise your hand if you have to talk. Slim's belt to Ross' belly man, you half a boss. You'd think it was made of pig skin the way I pass it off. You know the cannon gon' be with me like I'm Asher Roth. 
 And I'm so dysfunctional that the flow is that Britney, And the mixtapes is crackin', every verse is that Whitney. Before you gettin' online, before you try to Datpiff me *inhale* Big breath like you inherited Shaq's kidney 
 -A Milli-