Yeah 
 Hypnotize minds 
 Three 6 Mafia 
 Academy award winners 
 What 
 What 
 What 
 Chamillionaire 
 We stronger than ever 
 For real 
 The last to walk 
 It's goin' 
 It's goin' down! 
 I stay doe boy, doe, doe, doe boy fresh! 
 Yeah! Now what it is, boy? 
 Doe boy, doe, doe, doe boy fresh! 
 Yeah! Now what it is, boy? 
 Doe boy, doe, doe, doe boy fresh! 
 Yeah! Now what it is, boy? 
 Doe boy, doe, doe, doe boy fresh! 
 Yeah! Now what it is, boy? 
 (DJ Paul) 
 Another day, another doller, another night to make a ho holler 
 I pop her cherry, then I pop my collar 
 Pop brand new tags off the brand new clothes 
 Brush my hair back, and kick the ho out the door 
 Flip a quarter to see which ride I'm pullin' out the garage 
 Wireless transmitters send bump to my barb 
 Pull a pack out, and fill my body up wit' sin 
 Ten o'clock in the night, but my day just begin 
 '07 Murcielago wit' the wings out 
 I usually never drive it, but I heard the hos out 
 Fresher than the mint leaf, smellin' like a cocoa leaf 
 Center of attention; ho smilin' 'cause they wanna be 
 (Chamillionaire) 
 Yeah 
 Chamillitary 
 Hey! Streets know how I get my grands 
 Tryin' to snatch it, better switch ya plans 
 Pull a stack out my dickie pants, and slap a hater wit' my business hand 
 Keep a spare for that clip that jams 
 Money like Mike, and I pimp like Ken! 
 Put some chromes under that big Sedan 
 And I'm pimpin' better than Xzibit can! 
 And your impressed behind my ear, lookin' Aqua Fina clear 
 If you don't like it, come disputed 
 Do ya best to disappear 
 Yeah! You know what it is 
 Don't call me Chamillionaire 
 Now the world gotta address me as the hustler of the year! 
 I'm the man to respect; I'm demandin' respect 
 Or I'm commandin' that cannon do some damage to chest 
 Ain't no hustler or another on this planet as fresh 
 So when I lift up my royal hand, my pinky ring shakin' pecs 
 (Juicy J) 
 My car's inside peanut butter, outside jelly 
 Flicka 26 is drankin', drankin' wit' my celly 
 We takin' real orders, talkin' codes on that telly 
 We choppin' up the dope like a butcher in the deli 
 You know that purple kush will leave your clothes all smelly 
 But if you slangin' pounds, then your pockets should be swelly 
 I'm ballin' till I'm fallin' just like that movie Belly 
 I'm always stayin' strapped for you niggas that be petty 
 To the nine, nine, nine on the grind, grind, grind 
 I shine, shine, shine; jewelry blind, blind, blind 
 The time, time, time, yes - it's prime, prime, prime 
 I'm takin' over traps 'cause it's mine, mine, mine 
 Nigga! 
 I stay fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh! 
 I stay fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh! 
 I stay fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh! 
 I stay fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh! 
 I stay fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh! 
 I stay fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh! 
 I stay fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh! 
 I stay fresh, fresh, fresh, fresh!