Uh, Koopa, Look, Look, Uh 
 Hope you guys got ya party, 'cause after the party 
 I'm leavin' wit all of the ladies and that's half of the party 
 And speakin' of after... I'ma walkin' after shock 
 'Cause women pass out in from shock when they see me pass in the drop 
 But speakin' of shock... how come she calls me silkk the shocker 
 When I drop my silk boxers, ooh it shocked her 
 Ladies come to poppa 
 Then come for poppa 
 When I come in the droppa 
 She'll come in her boxers 
 If they come to the hotel, then they come to knock us 
 Reason she comin' home is 'cause I, come to drop her 
 Off the boss, if she showin' naked gotta respect it 
 (Operator Noise) This number is disconnected, look 
 That's what you be hearin' every time that you call her up 
 'Cause she don't want you no more nigga, she wanna baller what? 
 Ladies if you want the Color Changin' Lizard to pay you a visit 
 When you lonely just holler out "Here Lizard, Lizard, Lizard" 
 If ya man's a asshole, I'll creep in the back door 
 With the latex, some whip cream, and a damn Lazzo 
 "A Lazzo? Chamillion please tell me what that's for?" 
 To tie ya man up... while he watch me spank it from the back, whoa! 
 "Chamillionaire, I feel em' man, that boy's a damn villain 
 That boy chrome be spinnin' like a fan on the damn ceiling" 
 Spray ya mind, 'tre in the 9, make em' all stay and line 
 That call me "This little light of mine", because I shine 
 I know I talk alot of noise but I promise I'm not conceited 
 Sike I spit my worst rap, it ain't a nigga can beat it 
 Raise my trunk turn on the neon's so a nigga can be it 
 If you don't like me, lick the dick on a stick nigga and eat it 
 Blunted and weeded, 'cause ? to me I don't need it 
 Defeated this game fair and square niggas is sayin' I cheated 
 But why? I'm not a nice guy 
 I'ma creep in the night guy 
 With a nice sized choppa, because a nigga might try 
 Abra-Cadabra, niggas gon' be mad, after da kappa 
 Ya girl is like a piece of cake 'cause if I want her I'll have her 
 If I'm not 20 off the... ground and 3 from the curb 
 I'm 5-0-4 in a flag-ship but please don't not disturb