(Talking: Chamillionaire) 
 Nine million 
 Ten million 
 Eleven million... 
 Keep on 
 Let's get it! 
 It's Koopa! 
 Ch-ch-ch-ch-Cheyah! 
 Mixtape Messiah to you 
 OWWW! 
 (Sample x2: Pimp C) 
 I Got Money (yeah) 
 I Got Clothes (fasho) 
 I Got Whips (let's go) 
 I Got... (Let's go) 
 I Got Money (woo) 
 I Got Clothes (fasho) 
 I Got Whips (uh) 
 I Got... 
 Mixtape Messiah part five, you in the presence of the finest, already told you that 
 You know what it is, Chamillionaire dot com, let's go 
 Let's go 
 Fasho 
 Yeah, yeah, hold up 
 What if I told you if I said I was better than 50, Kanye and Weezy 
 Would you believe me or would you be mad like I'm talking greasy 
 What if I said I was way better than all these little cheesy rappers 
 On TV they really be making cooner look easy 
 You easy breezy, Covergirl's get'cha nails done by Tyra 
 In the streets I'm on fire and that's until I retire 
 I'm out in Tyler the mayor said I'm the Mixtape Messiah 
 So you get fired they messing with none of you rappers for hire 
 I don't admire none of y'all, plus I feel like I'm greater 
 Wanna get served I'm a waiter and bullets I gotta play da (woo) 
 Anybody jump fly I turn to a demonstrater 
 Major label that pay you and manager ain't goin' save ya 
 Not just the best in my city, I'm like the best on the planet 
 I'm a God from above the streets is just where I landed 
 Haters all on my nuts but it ain't no need to panic 
 That Real Estate is expanded because my nuts is gigantic 
 Ha, Ha 
 x2: 
 I Got Money (yeah) 
 I Got Clothes (let's go) 
 I Got Whips (uh-huh) 
 I Got... (let's go) 
 I Got Money (yeah) 
 I Got Clothes (fasho) 
 I Got Whips (hold up) 
 I Got... 
 I make this look pretty man, knahtalkinbout? 
 I be balling and weaving on these boys, man 
 Still in the game, knahtalkinbout? 
 Doin' that, getting in the streets 
 Doin' what I do best, yes 
 I'm superfresh, superfly, all the time 
 Hold up 
 Place the chips that they tackle, doing it like it's no hassle 
 Fourth in gold which is known that I'm goin' be showboating after 
 If my career ever dies, then the rest of y'all goin' be bastards 
 Because I fathered the balling rap style that cha'll try'na master (hold up) 
 Chamillionaire lost ya dummy, how is you sounding? 
 SoundScan can't make my money not look like a mountain 
 Where the haters I'm scouting, 'cause I be loving the doubting 
 Just coordinate all the hating and start in time for my album 
 Don't mix business with pleasure, I just mix money with money 
 If I see Oprah approach, I bet she'll walk up and hug me 
 It's like I stuffed them with cotton, they see my pockets is junky 
 Money's the root of all evil, they feel my pockets like Chucky 
 I'm getting rusty, I normally can make a thousand a minute 
 But I been slipping my numbers is somewhere down there in finnit 
 We right back down to the ground, they wanna hear a sound of me kill it 
 It's gonna sound like a nogeration to turn when I get it 
 Get it?