Ya feel me 
 If I tell ya a duck can pull a truck, you shut up and hook the truck up 
 This is my world you just a squirrel, ya knahsayin? 
 Chamilly, baby 
 Ha, Ha, Ha, Ha... 
 WOO! 
 Venom on the way 
 Nomtombout? 
 Tosin 
 Screw-shop-dot-com 
 Chamillionaire-dot-com (huh) 
 Ay man, I make this look beautiful 
 That's the difference between me and y'all, nomtombout? (PREACH!) 
 Real easy real light way, real quick, let's go (WOO) 
 I already know the world is cold they try'na put me in the snow 
 Complaining they ain't goin' keep me warm, that's what I keep that heater for 
 Every word is signing deeper it ain't screwed or even slow 
 Com-meaning it's for you to go and figure out at me to know 
 Ben and Franklin got me thinking I be try'na fold them guys 
 Had my necklace super icy let my necklace polarized 
 Just be careful try'na take cause that's goin' be your dimmize 
 Now it's all eyes on me and I don't even know no spies 
 When they ask me what I do I say that I'm a lumberjack 
 See my hand gripping on something my wood wheel up under that 
 Man your girl is on the sac, like they do a running-back 
 She just keep on coming back so I'm a call her thunder cat 
 Thunder cat, whole other rappers they just kinda throwed 
 I be super throwed like a football with no autobulls 
 She show you no brain, what the heck you pay her college for? 
 Used to be Pimp Mode now I'm hopping in deposit mode 
 (DJ Scratching over one line of Hook) 
 Pull up on the scene and looking super clean (TOSIN) 
 And I'm looking super clean (okay) I hope that she ain't chose 
 Girl, I be getting green, yeah I be getting green (okay) 
 Just check my pinky ring you are just a squirrel in my world 
 Okay (hey-hey) okay (hey-heey) okay 
 I really hope that ain't ya girl, man 
 Okay (hey-hey) okay (hey-heey) okay 
 I really hope that ain't ya girl, man 
 HA! 
 Ladies said I'm mean, I looked at her and said "What'cha mean? " 
 Money ain't a thing, money's nice and I'm like "What is mean? " 
 Brag about my bling, hater please don't try to cause a scene 
 I pull out that thang just be careful this goin' cause a sting 
 Money drive me cra-zay yeah I'm a money maniac 
 But I just go cra-zay when you not try'na pay me that 
 Get head from yo lad-day yeah she made me a brainiac 
 Vechile is wait-ing yeah you can have your lady back 
 I'm in my lac, yep I'm strapped and I ain't talking about no condom 
 Try'na protect that naked lady and I ain't talking about no one's 
 Got Universal Mind Control and I ain't talking about no Common 
 When they see me riding fo's, ya girl be coming when I (?) sommon? 
 They can't even talk, either words like they ain't got no speech 
 My trunk best stuck up and then they went down since that Capple Beach 
 Looking for the freaks, think again them freaks looking for me 
 Mixtape never sees, it's Chamilly trick I run the streets 
 Pull up on the scene and looking super clean 
 And I'm looking super clean (okay) I hope that she ain't chose 
 Girl, I be getting green, yeah I be getting green (okay) 
 Just check my pinky ring you are just a squirrel in my world 
 Okay (hey-hey) okay (hey-heey) okay 
 I really hope that ain't ya girl, man 
 Okay (hey-hey) okay (hey-heey) okay 
 I really hope that ain't ya girl, man 
 Talking over Hook: 
 Hol' Up TOSIN 
 Hangin' With' Mr. Koopa 
 It's Official, baby 
 (Chamillitary Mayne)