I'll Kiillll you 
 Ayo If you ever play me 
 Ask around my borough they gon tell you that I'm crazy! 
 I'll Kiillll you 
 Son if you ever play me 
 I got a tech 9 a sawwed off and a 380! 
 I'll kiillll you 
 You don't even entertain me! 
 Wouldn't listen to your newest CD if you paid me 
 I'll kiillll you (I'll killllll you) 
 You know where I'm at, I'm in the hood just page me! 
 My Man's on So dot com Some people call him reckless 
 And even he'll admit that southern music ain't the freshest 
 So I'ma put some bullets in every rapper that's from Texas 
 Swear to god son! I see you, I'ma come up on that necklace! 
 Knock that Texas hat off, I hope you twit pic that! 
 When I make my way to Texas, done! you will get jacked! 
 Control shift tap tap, cause you whack, get smacked 
 F - U - K - You on all paths Take That! 
 Cause Nah you ain't right! You don't spit that black thought 
 You ain't on my rap radar, you don't spit that real talk! 
 And I tell you that you soft cause you ain't from New York! 
 I put hollowpoints in every single vehicle you've got 
 Ain't no questionin my Thuggin' L-M-A-O 
 I'm the most thugged out person that I know! 
 No wonder Texas screwed up you dudes too slew! 
 And I'm a hit a million posts if I get 2 more 
 So I know, I'm doin' somethin' productive with my life 
 Which internet chat room will I be clubbin in tonight? 
 I'm thuggin' on this is 50 I'm live thuggin' on Skype 
 All hip hop dot com I'm thuggin' it as I type! 
 I Daaaare you! 
 Highly unlikely 
 For you to leave the house or even put on your nikes! 
 I Daaare you! 
 Highly Unlikely 
 For you to come and see me you would probably just write me 
 I Daaare you! 
 Highly Unlikely 
 But if you feelin' lucky go ahead and get hype G 
 I Daaaare you (I daaaaaare you!) 
 Nah I don't want no problems, I know you can out type me 
 Sincerely appologise to all my internet thugs 
 Please don't shoot I don't wanna die of internet slugs 
 Make a sucka feel tough for what the internet does 
 I know you post your craziness to get an internet buzz! 
 I know you tryna say what's hot and neva been in those clubs 
 I know you hustle on the net and movin internet drugs 
 But ain't no snitchin 'cause I'm different I ain't givin' you up 
 And that's becaaaauuuuuse, (Ay what you say to me son?) That's just the internet thugs! 
 *Bang* *Screams* "Twitta that!"