Logging to AllHipHop right now, and uh 
 What is this, Chamillionaire? 
 Not him again... 
 Ah, can't stand him 
 He's probably name-dropping artists 'cause he knows his album bout to drop 
 You know he's gonna start trying to diss because he knows he's gonna flop 
 F Chamillionaire, Tha Carter album's what I'm tryna cop 
 Chamillionaire thinks he's too smart, and plus I think he sings a lot 
 See, he is not nowhere as good as they say he is, I hate that kid 
 And if he is, how come his last one didn't do as much as this 
 Anyways, you gotta act hard to make it in this music biz 
 And only people who like him is just little white suburban kids 
 'Cause he ain't in the streets, he ain't cooking soft, or selling bricks 
 He can't handle beef, he don't know what a two time felon is 
 All he talk about is chips, he gotta make a song that's for the chicks 
 That track with Slick, does he think that I could bust a move to this? 
 HAHA LOL, I swear that boy will never sell 
 And I just hope he goes to jail, get beat up, stabbed and goes to hell 
 I know he will, I know he will, 'cause he don't ever show me skill 
 I hope they drop him from his deal, that baller rap is overkill 
 He don't rap the way he used to rap, he rappin' bout some stupid crap 
 He be rappin' without saying ish and I'm not really used to that 
 He to rap bout sippin syrup, he don't rap that Houston rap 
 If I ever saw him in person, he'd be the rapper that I refuse to dap 
 Anyway, I hear a rumor; he ain't beefin, what a lame 
 He didn't even diss 50 back when 50 Cent called out his name 
 I asked some girls about him and they told me that they felt the same 
 So many stans on the internet on his dick and it's an f'ing shame 
 I'm logging on to Hip-Hop DX, like who the heck created this? 
 Chamillionaire? -1 is what I'm gon' be rating this 
 He's not the best, I hate this kid, he couldn't even make my list 
 If anyone says that this is dope, I swear I'll probably take my fist 
 And punch a hole in this computer, tell the fans to get it straight 
 Cause last time he dropped a hit was 199-never-8 
 That's the reason why I hate on everyone that says he's great 
 And plus he sounds so monotone, his style doesn't ever elevate 
 I logged on SOHH just to investigate 
 I see he tryna drop a mixtape August 27th, wait 
 Does he think I'ma purchase this? I'd never ever get his tape 
 Anyways, every time he does the CD comes out hella late 
 And plus The Game is dropping then, he should have picked a better date 
 And Texas, they fell off the map, he should be reppin a better state 
 RZA, GZA, Little Brother, and The Cool Kids way better than him 
 And he's not even the best from Texas, he's not even better than Slim 
 I logged on his MySpace page, his song didn't have that many plays 
 'Cause I know that no one cares bout anything he has to say 
 (Time for supper) 
 Huh, what? 
 (What are you doing in there?) 
 Hey, come on mom 
 (Are you jacking off again?) 
 Close the door, get out the way 
 (Stop it, come eat your broccoli!) 
 No! Get out my face please, can't you see I'm on the net 
 (I told you, stay off of those porno sites) 
 Geez, I'll be out there in a minute, you just need to let me breathe 
 (And it's time to take your medication) 
 Stop it mom, leave! 
 (Come on!) 
 Leave mom, leave! 
 (Stop it boy, I pay the bills in this house) 
 Ah! 
 I hate my life, I hate my life, I hate that this life ain't my life 
 I'm only 17, and all I do is sit all day and type 
 I can't believe that Jennifer had the nerve to say I ain't her type 
 I hate the smell of broccoli, my mom can't even make it right 
 I give my opinion on blog sites, opinion hate, and say who's nice 
 'Cause I'm too broke to buy CDs, I download them and play them twice 
 I hate my dad, he disappeared and didn't ever say good night 
 I hate my parents, hate the world, I'll make sure they all pay the price 
 I wonder what the world would say if they could watch me take my life 
 I wonder what the world would say if they could watch me take my *shot*