Sup, Charlie? Sup, man? 
 Nothin', chillin', watchin' 'Makin' The Band' 
 Dude, your mother's makin' somethin' 
 That smells wonderful, man, yeah, Happy New Year, man 
 Man, I didn't have anywhere to go 
 So I'd just figured I bring my sleepin' bag over an' 
 You wanna do some net surfin'? 
 Yeah, sounds like a date, I mean that'd be great 
 Ha, ha, cool 
 I'm on All-hip-hop dot com, it's the end of the year 
 Chamillionaire got one of the best mixtapes upon here 
 Maybe I'm hallucinatin' or the screen isn't clear 
 I click on every link on him an' never like what I hear 
 I just hope he disappears 
 I hope he disappears too 
 Matter fact I hope a grave is where he disappears too 
 Tell me, how come you don't like him? 
 Naw, I don't like him 'cause you don't like him 
 How 'bout we post it all over the net? I'll do the typin' 
 He drops his new songs, the DJ's don't drop bombs 
 They don't even notice him on This-Is-50 dot com 
 50, he's one of the greats, Chamillionaire is not one 
 Make it look like suicide, he just slid his watch on 
 Ha, ha, that would be great, plus his album's droppin' late 
 When his Venom album drops, I'm gon' rub it in his face 
 I think he should ask God for forgiveness like he's Mase 
 'Cause his 'Mixtape Messiah' series' the mixtapes that I hate 
 I hear he's droppin' part eight 
 No, he's not, he's on seven 
 All these mixtapes he's droppin' is really gettin' upsettin' 
 I saw it on his Myspace 
 Man, who the heck you tellin'? 
 I was on his Myspace 'cause I was just about to get him, man 
 Get him? 
 Yeah, chill, why the heck you yellin'? 
 I was only on his page so I can see how much he sellin' 
 Well, why the heck he sellin'? They're supposed to be free 
 Anyone who buys anything from him's a dummy 
 Yeah, all he ever talks about is candy paint an' money 
 An' how is kickers in his trunk, kick it like it's Chung Lee 
 How he gotta keep it Triller like Pimp C an' Bun B 
 An' his alligator seats, they were caught by Dundee 
 How the heck you know his lyrics man, what are you, a dweep? 
 Man, please, I hardly even know my ABC's 
 All he does is motivate me to try to get the G's 
 Every other rapper raps about how they got eighty keys 
 An' that's more appealin' to me than his chatter 
 Man, what's your mom cookin'? 
 Man, it don' even matter 
 Why the heck you gettin' mad if you sayin' it doesn't matter? 
 Actin' like a little girl who just got beaten an' battered? 
 'Cause I'm really startin' to think that you're an undercover fan 
 Not a undercover nothin', I'm a over-cover Stan 
 I call the station up an' try to get his records, man 
 Well okay, I believe you an' my mother's makin' Spam 
 Man, damn, why you don't have no Christmas cheer? 
 Christmas already done passed, plus the Grinch lives here 
 You don't like who I'm a-like, then you can disappear 
 Take your purple iPod an' get up out my chair 
 You'll, you just mad 'cause Soulja Boy kilt is here 
 Soulja Boy ain't gonna run hip-hop this year, you queer 
 Soulja Boy got a cartoon 
 Do I look like I care? 
 He gets paid by YouTube 
 Do you think that's fair? 
 I don't care if you're mad or not, I'm hopin' that Aster Roth 
 Drops somethin' that's hot enough to knock Eminem's album off 
 You shouldn't even talk, you're makin' me wanna puke 
 Keep mentionin' people that I think are really just a fluke 
 Stop, they'll never reach the top, I'm not havin' it 
 That's one hot album every never year's averagin' 
 Wait for Charles Hamilton, tell me who's gon' damage him 
 What'chu mean Charles Hamliton? Who the heck's Charles Hamilton? 
 Dude, I told you but you must have forgot 
 Crooked I's gonna come out an' take everyone's spot 
 Everyone is gonna flop when Aftermath is on top 
 Just stop, Eminem an' Doctor Dre won't drop 
 Charlie, please, you're a dweep, you're not even in the streets 
 You're not in the streets either 'cause you're always here with me 
 Yeah, but at least I got homies that know me in the streets 
 An' they know who Joe Buddens is an' Joel Ortiz 
 Who? 
 Royce 5'9 an' little more Kanyee's 
 I thought you said you didn't like album's with rappers try'na sing 
 I never told you such a thing, I never told you such a thing 
 I listen to T-Pain 
 No, you don't, man, please 
 What'cha mean? I never said that, that's not true 
 I'm on SOHH dot com more than you 
 I'm on Hip-hop-D-X 
 Man, I'm on Baller Status 
 Ooh, I'm on Nah-Right dot com an' that's to just to name a few 
 That's the only thing you do, you're a stand' for Lil Wayne 
 Man, Charlie, you're lame, you don't even know a thang 
 We were on hip-hop game the other night, you didn't complain 
 (Ah, both of y'all shut up) 
 Ah, mother, you're insane 
 (Are you talkin' back to mommy? Put food in your tummy) 
 Man, why I gotta eat mom? I'm not even hungry 
 Man, I am 
 I'm surfin' on the net, wait a sec, I'll be there 
 Look here 
 Wait, you act like you can't hear 
 (Boy, don't you make me embarrass you, dear) 
 Mom, stop' please, you're hurtin' my ear 
 (Come here) 
 Ah, ah