I see you tryin' to hate on koopa the mixtape god keep talkin' 
 That noise... (go hard) 
 I see you tryin' to hate on koopa the mixtape god around of 
 Applause.(chamillitary mayne) 
 I bout to (go hard). 
 I see you tryin' to hate on the mixtape god (keep hatin' keep hatin') 
 Keep hatin' (you know I gotta hard) 
 Whooo! 
 I see you tryin' to hate you can keep talkin' that noise. 
 I'm a pull ya card! 
 King! 
 Attention attenion call 'em zab judah, 
 Hes not here so I hit him like booyah! 
 Kill him with a verse I'm tha man w/ the roogah. 
 Ain't gonna bullet, bet I could tattoo ya. 
 You don't want that do ya? 
 Ya homeboys like "no" 
 Harder we hate then harder he go. 
 He gon rise to be great, 
 We gon fall to the floor. 
 All y'all boys tryin' to count my bucks, 
 Male groupies all on my nuts. 
 If you can't walk a mile in my shoes, 
 Then tell me why your tryin' to put on my chucks? 
 Gon lace 'em up, 
 Ya I'm talkin' to you gon lace 'em up. 
 Do it the "G" way 
 Hit the freeway, 
 Prove to me that you can race a truck. 
 You bad homie, 
 Take a flight superman. 
 You da man, 
 Nah you da man, 
 Stupid man KING KOPPA man! 
 You forgot remember me? 
 I'm the one you call cause you depend on f-food 
 Tryed to bite the hand that feed. 
 I withdrew my hand. 
 Supa deepa supa soak know I'm still the same boss 
 Yo career will be disease see concrete and taste chalk. 
 If you ain't as focused as... me then you just can't talk. 
 DAMN CHRIS! how you get fired on yo day off!?! 
 Hurt me... I beg to differ. 
 I'll make my way to where y'all stay. 
 Maybe with a new babysitter cause you to me ya like childs play. 
 (Too emotional) too emotional (too emotional) and you approachin who? 
 I'm revoackin you bomb yo vocal booth super soakin you. 
 (Whooo!) I swear these male groupies be actin' homo, 
 Give me double, there go my hand, 
 But for we can take a photo. 
 They like "man koopa why you ain't dealin' with the nonsense no mo? " 
 'Cause they keep on putin tears on my sean john polo. 
 (Go hard) I wake up everyday feelin' great, 
 I start my car, hit the bullivard. 
 I'm bout to (go hard) 
 Jus let them haters hate but the paper chase won't pause. 
 Never. it's koopa. 
 Ch-chea! (I'm a go hard) 
 Pull up in a 550, that ain't him, um yes it is bro. 
 Ain't no way, I don't think so. 
 When I walk up "ay what's up bro? what's up koopa? how you been? 
 Feelin' them rims you got on yo benz. where rasaq where lil twin? 
 Heard your mixtape you go hard with a pen." 
 Switch! 
 Heard you been tryin' talk down?... standin right here homie what's 
 Up now? what's up mayne what's up now? 
 Switch! 
 Koopa man you gotta calm down, 
 That wasn't me, I ain't do that, 
 Why you gettin' all in my face fall back. 
 I know you heard that, but that really ain't fact. 
 Ain't really tryin' make you mad... that's whack. 
 We been tight. 
 We boys right? 
 You the hardest rappa that's on the mic, 
 Why you gotta feel like you wanna fight? 
 I don't wanna fight... I don't wanna fight... I don't wanna fight. 
 I see you tryin' to hate on koopa the mixtape god keep talkin' 
 That noise... I'm bout to (go hard) 
 I see you tryin' to hate on koopa the mixtape god around of applause. 
 I'm bout to (go hard). 
 I see you tryin' to hat on the mixtape god (keep hatin' keep hatin') (you know I gotta) 
 I see you tryin' to hate you can keep talkin' that noise.(keep talk 
 Keep talkin' you know I gotta go hard)