Yeah 
 And I'm feelin' like [x2] 
 And I'm feelin' like 
 What the heck is this, if you say you diss 
 Imma tell you this, you gon' shoot and miss, imma shoot and hit 
 Never blow a kiss, all I blow is chips 
 Takes you off the list, can't co excist, you ain't gon' be missed 
 Steady stacking chips, lookin' at the wrist, tryin' to see a gliss 
 You ain't making this, see you getting pissed. 
 New relationship, bad relationship, no relationship 
 Guess it's cool for you to say I got a gift. 
 If you ain't on a team, you ain't on a team. 
 We gon' be supreme, you can do your thing at the limousine 
 If you on a team, roll on with the dream- 
 Tryin' to get ring, you gon' get a ring, you gon' be a king 
 I ain't 16, I ain't 17, tell me what you mean 
 I'm a grown man, I be getting green 
 Don't be sipping lean, tell me what you mean 
 Never moving slow, quickest to the dough, I be getting green 
 Hand through the door, hand me some more, gamble it no! 
 Got a kid that I'm grabbin' it fo'! 
 Psych, I ain't got a kid, if I ever did, then you know it's his 
 Have a hundred milli and for I go (?) 
 Asking me yo, after the show, what's your legacy 
 Did you really go platinum or gold 
 Answer them no, can't really show 
 None of that in heaven, so I never really answer them so 
 He got upset, he tryin' to get on the internet 
 Tryin' to tell 'em I ain't jammin' no mo' 
 Can't dance on the floor, brag on the floor 
 Feelin' like my voice really givin' romance to the floor 
 Sad for the dough, mad for the dough, bad for the dough 
 ?? 
 Faster I go, crash for the dough, 
 Now I gotta go, 'cause I think a couple of fans coming bro... 
 I hate you, you hate me 
 You think I'm living for you, then you must be crazy 
 My middle finger up, 
 Middle finger up [x7] 
 Money don't make me... 
 I hate you, you hate me 
 Can't tell me how to live my life because you ain't me 
 My middle finger up, 
 Middle finger up [x7] 
 Fo' those who hate me... 
 This song's for you, if you woke up this morning thinking about what you gonna do to hate on somebody 
 Who tryin' to build a dynasty, a legacy, I hope you see this when you look in the mirror-my 
 Middle finger up, middle finger up... 
 What you wanna do, you don't have a clue, you was never true 
 Meet me any place, you can get eraised, imma break your face, 
 Let 'em make a case, let a hater sue 
 Got a lil' problem with PCD, I never authorized this CD, 
 Holla at my lawyer that can't see me, see me in the Aston Martin 
 And I'm like beep beep! 
 Boys back in school, they was tryin' to talk down 
 Platinum pot of gold, yeah that's what ya boy found, 
 Looking like a fool, tell me how they talk now 
 Running 'round the town, but I swear the boy clown 
 How you talk trash when it's you that I fed 
 Yeah I talk trash cause of you I ain't scared 
 Tell me that I changed, 'cause I grew ain't got bread 
 Sayin' that it's strange, that it's you that's not bled 
 Down on the ground, clown of the town 
 Say it to my face, you can find me, imma be around 
 Wanna play the game, step up to the mound 
 Wanna be a snake, Imma be a shark, Imma see you drown 
 I hate you, you hate me 
 You think I'm living for you, then you must be crazy 
 My middle finger up, 
 Middle finger up [x7] 
 (Money don't make me) 
 I hate you, you hate me 
 Can't tell me how to live my life because you ain't me 
 My middle finger up, 
 Middle finger up [x7] 
 For those who hate me... 
 Hello to my haters...