(Yeah yeah) 
 These rappers be acting like they not fake like wrestling 
 My money is greater that means my haters is less than 
 Sigh, you know them haters gon wait for they best chance. 
 They wait for that day that I ain't gon lay with that weapon. 
 You know that's a dream, just like that sing on def jam 
 I'm marrying money, whose wanna say the best man? 
 I win on the honey moon and came home with the best tan. 
 There's green all over me, in my pockets and left hand. 
 Green, you should know what I mean 
 They saying no I in Team 
 But it ain't no you and me 
 So with you I cannot be seen. 
 See they all gon say that they love you 
 Then I'm gon say that I don't trust you 
 I got to stay on my hustle 
 So let's get it. 
 (Yeah yeah. Hold up) 
 They was thinking it's over 
 I was taking it over 
 Now I'm painting the rova 
 While making cake on my mobile 
 They always talking the hustle 
 Homies hate to come over 
 They could wait for the cash but no my patience is lower 
 From the home of the hustles who put the drink in the soda 
 So I stayed on the hustle they tried to hate 'cause I'm sober. 
 Why you say you was sober? Came in banking the coma. 
 And you be boding for bubbles. I'll throw ya face in ya cooler. (hold up) 
 They can see the photo drop looking like a photo opt 
 Picture me popping tags, you can call it photo shop. 
 Play with me if you want, its gon be a photo shoot. 
 Paparazzi taking pictures while I let the photo proof. 
 Stay on point (yup) cross your T's and dot your I?s. 
 They just tell a lot of lies, I can't say I'm not surprised 
 Vertical (yup) till I horizontalize, 
 Anybody I despise they will not apologize 
 Talking hustles, they ain't never had one 
 Black car, make them say where you get that from? 
 Make a bet (bet), he ain't gon put half on 
 That's false, like the circle on a scantron 
 Gotta get it, they ain't give me this for free 
 So just know before you hit me that its gone come with a fee 
 Turn on the TV, what ya get is what a see 
 Cause there's nothing on them channels gonna be as real as me.