(Chamillionaire Talking) 
 Chamillitary Mayne! 
 You know I had to do it 
 Mixtape Messiah 5... Dats right 
 Somebody need to give me a solid definition of what swag is. 
 Is that when your bank account get built up so high, 
 That everybody come out and try to sue you so they can get their piece of the pie 
 Maybe its when your major call you and ask when your next mixtape droppin', 
 'Cause they know you gonna have the streets on smash. Is that swag? 
 Or Maybe its just a whole bunch of punchlines braggin about how you ball with no purpose at all. 
 You already know I can do that, I can do that 
 (Chamillionaire) 
 Unh (x3) 
 Let me start like this 
 Tried to put on skinny jeans and couldn't zip my zip 
 Naw, Let me be blunt real quick 
 I don't wear skinny jeans, 'cause my dick don't fit 
 Always keep a Maggie close to me like Lisa 
 Known to keep a lot of cheese on me like pizza 
 Hakeem, y'all backwards like Meekah 
 Y'all better keep ya eyes on me like features 
 Never be mislead 
 I don't care what any side switchin, fickle fan said 
 Yeah! Still street like Greg 
 Hit ya with a speaker, they gon call you Bass-head 
 Bought a motorcycle 'cause I'm normally one deep 
 Crocodile on the seats you can call it Dundee 
 Kickers in the trunk trying to do the Chun Li 
 Yap! Yap! Bet the wallet do the Gumby 
 Stretching my green, stretch-stretching my c.r.e.a.m. 
 Cash Rules Everthing... I'm the Meth of my scene 
 Come to Texas, you can bet that I'm King 
 I'm the best in real life, and nothing less in my dreams 
 Cars got the Screens that they have in homes 
 Crib got the same size pillars that they had in Rome 
 Travelled way to Rome just to grab a phone 
 I ain't even turn it on... 
 Paris Hilton got a man named Bengie and she loves him 
 I'm in Paris with the Benji's man and we hustlin' 
 Meanwhile I'm in customs 
 Chain so big we lookin' like we munchkins 
 Ask your bank teller 
 Bet she know a player 
 Money over here 
 You way over there 
 You got swag? Tell me why I'm supposed to care 
 M.O.E. is me you're more like, "Money over where?" 
 She told me she independent like she signed to Koch 
 I told her time is money, so she grabbed my watch 
 Got stocks, got rocks, got glocks 
 Grammy isn't dusty 'cause I still ain't took it out the box 
 I keep a big whip like Indiana Jones 
 And Big Size Rims, what I'm a have it on 
 I be terrorizing every jammin song 
 Y'all all on T-Pain Dick, leave that man alone 
 Act like you don't know me 
 I meant the new me, forget the old me 
 I dip a bullet in syrup and you can O.D. 
 On chopped and screwed bullets competition die slowly 
 I'm like the man named pac 
 On another level. Plus I'm eatin and that's fact 
 Matter of fact, you can take swag back 
 That's a word rappers sayin' when they know they can't rap 
 But your confidence higher than a stewardess 
 Just wanna laugh when I ask you who your jeweler is 
 H-A LMAO so Humorous 
 Been gettin' paid, don't believe me? you can google this 
 Got a major deal 
 Went and bought some green diamonds 
 Why waste your scrill' 
 If I buy a green diamnond it's a baseball field 
 Nothing little league about me, I got major bills 
 Money like Mutombo. Tall like this 
 Money got a mumble and it talk like this 
 If money talks, baby pardon my lips 
 Ben Franklin always with me like he part of my clique 
 And I don't be in the strip club every night 
 But I told her to keep the tax like you Wesley snipes 
 Even the white girl trying to get the pipe 
 All up on the NUTS like a nestle bite 
 The industry ain't somethin' that I feel is fair 
 They don't care if you well rounded they just feel the squares 
 So I don't care unless its about a million shares 
 Standin on a million lookin' up like it's a billion where 
 And I'm so sincere 
 I'm the baddest rapper here lets just get this clear 
 And I wish a major would kick me out my deal 
 'Cause I'd be the richest independent that you should fear 
 No one on the corner move mixtapes like me 
 But I won't tell you how many and incremenate the 
 M-i-xt-a-p-e 
 Street money make me sound like lil' Boosie 
 Can't get no money 'cause he don't move no birds 
 Can't get no money 'cause he don't usually curse 
 Mixtape messiah 5 baby you deserve 
 Some alphabet soup so you can eat your words