(Talking: Chamillionaire) 
 Chamillitary Mayne 
 Ha Ha 
 Nomtombout? 
 It said it what'chu want it 
 I got'chu 
 Yeah 
 Uh, uh, Chamillitary Mayne 
 H-Town in da house 
 Yeah 
 Yeah, yeah 
 Let's get it 
 It's Koopa 
 See uh, Mixtape Messiah 5 is what it is 
 Mixtape Messiah 6 on the way, Chamillionaire dot com is the website 
 8-3-2-5-1-4-4-7-3-0 holla at me 
 What up Brandy, what up G-man 
 Yeah! 
 See the plan is to get to the grands, and you know that's what I do best man so I'm back at it 
 You already know Chamillinator, Major Pain, the Mixtape Messiah, King Koopa, Let's get it! 
 Talking over hook: 
 It's Texas Fo' Life (WOO!) 
 Woo (Chamillitary Mayne) I'm coming down on them swangers, it's Texas Fo' Life [x4] 
 I'm coming, I'm coming down 
 R.I.P. to Pimp C 
 Hawk, Moe, nomtombout? 
 DJ Screw, Fat Pat, all the fallen soldiers everybody we love, nomtombout? 
 This is what I do I'm on my grind, baby 
 Let's go! 
 Pimp C done knocked down the dows, Bun B is still on the road 
 Paul Wall got diamonds exposed, Lil Keke still signing thow 
 Got no problems with Jones, that Cutty Buddy the song 
 Did a song with Lil O just did a song with Z-ro 
 Also did one with Flip and with Trae you already know 
 Pokey crawling on fo's and that Thugga still wrecking shows 
 Kill 'em like Kyleon, grinding like Cory Mo 
 Shoutout to all the Hoggs them faces still on the throne 
 Haters leave us alone cause Willie will break your bones 
 Bushwick brought the patrone and Devin still getting blown 
 A.B.N. in the zone, Famous rep San and Ton 
 E.S.G. wrecking flows and that Yatti goin' wreck some mo' 
 R.L.T. in trouble no, can't no one mess with they flow 
 Letoya Luckett will show stay sexy from head to toe 
 Cleashe keep a sexy froth, them ladies goin' rep fasho 
 Yeah Red is goin' get that bread, and big Watts is goin' make it slow 
 That Rodney goin' get the doe, that clover goin' get some mo' 
 Goin' step in Harlem and scores and make it rain, make it snow 
 Grit Boys is goin' rep fasho, and Wine-O a hustlin' pro 
 Rob G, rep Latino like that lucky in that Chingo 
 I'm legend like that Big Mike, I'm legend like K-rino 
 I'm supersizing my stones I'm doin' like Magno 
 And leaving that Mike in smoke, G.T. is goin' leave it broke 
 They wonder how Wonderous that we making our trunks glow 
 As Checkers goin' have that chrome, and Lil Jay getting grown 
 Billy cooked that boy Hommy and Papa Ru in the zone 
 Car show is what they want and I am finna perform 
 Texas is in our bones these other rappers is clones 
 Southern playas let's get in my H-town lac 
 Got me crawling slow like my fo's on flat 
 Ridin' through the city with my trunk on crack 
 While I'm jamming that Mad Hatta and that boy J-Mack 
 It's Texas Fo' Life (I'm on it, I'm on it) 
 Woo (I'm on it, I'm on it, I'm on my grind) 
 It's Texas Fo' Life (I'm on it, I'm on it) 
 Woo (Swishahouse, I'm on it, I'm on it, I'm on my grind) 
 It's Texas Fo' Life (I'm on it, I'm on it) 
 Woo (International Ree, I'm on it, I'm on it, I'm on my grind) 
 It's Texas Fo' Life (I'm on it, I'm on it) 
 Woo (Wicked Cricket and that mean green, cheyeah) 
 It's Texas Fo' Life 
 See me coming down, playa made fasho 
 I feel like singing like that boy Big Moe 
 Southside playas, Noufside north 
 When I come through I got to let my trunk glow 
 Rolling in my Benzo, rolling up my window 
 You can't see through it 'cause I got a lot of tent, bro 
 Shoutout to that Rob G, shoutout to that Jimbo 
 Promise this a freestyle but I'm a stay on tempo 
 Shoutout to Natay mayn, this is not a rental 
 I be in the forum ass joke to smoke a zimno 
 I be in that Papa dow, French is where my kinfolk 
 Shoutout to that storm she be smilin' with some dimples 
 Hit the Forbers, grinding like I went broke 
 Hit the Forbes again but I'm grinding like I went broke 
 Man, man let me holla at the yungsta 
 Let me holla at Ali, Rap-A-Lot I got the bump the 
 S.P.M. classics got the lady on my bumper 
 If ya got money for me then I gotta hunt'cha 
 Shoutout to Kamikaze 'cause we some Nigerians 
 Shoutout to Lisa Rogers and the big-a-de big-a-de Buddha man 
 Man, I'm as playa as it gets 
 Shoutout to the Lyric 'cause she be stacking chips 
 Shoutout to Indie Mix 'cause they goin' take the flicks 
 If I didn't say ya name my bad it could'nt fit 
 I'm a be in the fleet, floating like the sea 
 Shoutout to the lump and to Walter D 
 New album coming what'cha get is what'cha see 
 If you ain't try'na buy it then don't even talk to me! 
 It's Texas Fo' Life