(Talking) 
 Color changin click. chamillionaire baby. you in the presence of the finest 
 DJ smallz lets southern smoke 'em again. they ain't ready 
 No singing this time. g-yeah g-yeah 
 (Chamillionaire) 
 They tellin' me flip signed and slim too, but koopa he ain't true 
 He ain't due, to be the next why he ain't blue 
 I went to new york and I made a mention of DJ screw 
 And the industry a&rs was lookin' at me like DJ who? 
 Are you serious? oh, that's the reason I flew in here 
 So you could treat my culture like a flea market souvenir 
 Had my confidence ruined here, what the hell am I doin' here? 
 Ain't no choppin or screwin here, but I knew it was true its clear 
 What happened to your ear? I swear I'm the hardest 
 I heard the artist you sounded before me I swear they was garbage 
 I'm gonna be back like terminator and I swear it's a promise 
 Cause industry niggas go to college just to end up retarded 
 Yeah I said it retarded, I ended up in kay slays crib 
 We chattin he tellin' me bout how shady the game is 
 I felt like I stepped out of a dream and into the matrix 
 Cause kay slay was realer than the niggas that claim it 
 Shame it's the lames in the highest positions 
 The real niggas be spittin' the lames don't even listen 
 Get 'em out is my mission, maybe I'll start a pettition 
 Ok I'm probably just wishin, forget that mission I'm trippin' 
 I hit scarface on the phone and he was givin' me game 
 And charlie braxton in Mississippi was givin' me the same 
 They both let me know that ignorance is really to blame 
 Only a idiot don't realize hes touchin the flame 
 How could you not feel my pain? you gon feel it regardless 
 Record labels and artist are smellin like rigimortis 
 I move from market to market, rappers dead where I park it 
 While you talk it I walk it, and I'm just markin my target 
 Yeah, can I get a witness up in here? 
 I hope not, they gon snitch then I make that witness disappear 
 Y'all niggas better get a vision of the air, put your hands up in there 
 Put your wallets up in here, takeover 
 (Talking) 
 You with the bow tie and the pink suit [gun cocks] I want you to stand over there. 
 Look first put down that b2k CD and put your money up in the bag. ok, ok, good, good 
 (Chamillionaire) 
 'Cause they'll never understand me, them niggas is cotton candy 
 They vision another grammy, don't give a damn about my family 
 Now that I think about it, the artist are never happy 
 They can't convince me that I'm not a prize, I won't let 'em have me 
 My brother can co-sign, how many times I changed my mind 
 But I never slowed down, all the time, I stayed on my grind 
 Phone ringing all the time [phone rings], I pick up the other line 
 (Talking) 
 Chamillionaire it's you know who and we really want you to sign (what) 
 Hey man. I'm kinda busy right now man. yeah yeah yeah call me back