Uh 
 Chamillitary (Yeah) 
 See what'cha gotta do is man you gotta get in the real mode on this one right here 
 (Real talk, baby) 
 And I ain't nobody better than the realist to represent the realist 
 I know some of y'all might beg to differ (nomtombout?) 
 But I ain't really tripping off of that man, all of you squares 
 You can pop the CD right now, and we goin' get to the (real talk, baby) 
 Yeah, you in the presence of the finest, Hangin' With Mr. Koopa (I'm the greatest, baby, GREATEST!) 
 Yeah, hol' up, yeah 
 I got that million dollar vision they say work with a thou 
 If the label got no money, then I'm turning it down 
 If you with me in the drought which you just throw in the towel 
 Would you keep walking if I let you quench your thirst in your mouth? 
 Have you ever tasted pain like it hurt when ya smile? 
 Like they pull a lighter to your mouth and burnt ya a frown 
 Have ya ever put'cha partner on some work out of town? 
 And feel like any shark that ain't try'na work down da drown 
 Seen a woman at the church that was certainly proud 
 Then ya seen her after church lifting skirt getting plowed 
 I just saw a loud talker getting serve in the jaw 
 He got [? ]whid-bodke? that wasn't cursing as loud 
 Television ain't my vision I ain't serving with y'all 
 Playstation is for gamers I ain't playing at all 
 Ain't got time to chase the cat then be blaming the broad 
 With a dirty Jag she wanna Valley in my draws 
 Universal is the circus but I won't be a clown 
 And you say you never snitched but be the first one to doubt 
 Don't complain you don't want beef after you purchase the cow 
 Don't be flopping on the court and try to search for a foul 
 Don't think anything you say and ever hurting my style 
 If you don't like what I be saying, you should turn the ish down 
 Fat lady getting ready you and her finna chow 
 I'm the Phantom of the Opera and the curtains is down 
 The other day I was told that the realist would die 
 And the fakes that be calming that they real would survive 
 And I really would have sworn what he say was a lie 
 That's until I saw it happen right in from of my eyes 
 The other day I was told that the realist would rise 
 And that's when the world hit me with a gimmick surprise 
 I ain't never touched the sky but I'm willing to try 
 I'm Willing To Try, I'm Willing To Try 
 If the Venom don't go platinum would you say that I lost? (huh) 
 If I burn a couple bridges, will they make it across? 
 If I fire an employee will he know who the boss? 
 Do you really think he'll get a Millie from me in court? (Naw) 
 Can they say it isn't tricking when you breaking her off? 
 And the same girl you give it to is saying 'you soft'? 
 Screaming without a face, even able to talk? 
 Can you be gangsta on the net and leave me laying in chalk? (ha) 
 Picked up the pen and pad and I created a spouse 
 When it lived inside the booth like I had made it a house 
 I remember back when Swisha had 'em hating the Nouf 
 Now I got a lot of dimes like I rated my couch 
 Why you hanging with some women that ain't even adult? 
 Dayline walking and catch you it ain't even your fault 
 Why they don't give me the credit that I get in the South? 
 Why they say that I'm the sickest if I ain't gotta cough 
 Let'cha remain with'cha thoughts 
 Ha Ha 
 That's food for thought 
 Put some cheese on it 
 Venom album on the way 
 Chamillitary all day 
 Thought we was suppose to be done, right? 
 It was supposed to be over with 
 Remember six months ago... 
 I was done it was over 
 I'm the best option y'all got 
 I'm the best option y'all got and y'all know it! 
 Let me ride with it 
 Hol' up