Uh uh uh uh uh get up 
 Uh uh for real uh uh 
 Come on 
 Ummah, Ummah, Ummah, Ummah 
 (Q-Tip) 
 A hard time if your motion is still 
 Let me move some things around because the lyrics is ill 
 Abstract... you know my stiggidy in here [yeah] 
 Niggaz get on and swear it's they fuckinyear 
 But yo your girl just moved 
 To the joint in the club, in the car if it groove [uh] 
 Broad look, the movement is on 
 Mild mannered mami's in Victoria thongs, uh 
 I give my rhyme a bless 
 Guaranteed to make it right if your night is a bust [yeah yeah] 
 You Vivrant and you fresh and all 
 Original to say the least and you've impressed Kamal [come on] 
 Rappers start then they stall 
 Findin it very hard to make it over the wall 
 Hey, get your weight up, my motto you heard? 
 And I grown a deaf ear to felonious words, uh 
 So girls move it around 
 If you see your main dog give a brother a pound 
 And just uh... 
 Chorus: Q-Tip 
 Breathe and Stop, for real and give it what you got, and just uh 
 Breathe and Stop, for real and give it what you got 
 Give it what you got, give it what you got 
 If you on the block then give it what you got 
 (Q-Tip) 
 A thug, a thrill, you as mean as the eyes [say word] 
 I wanna feel you, them big ass thighs 
 Your Prada dress or your Gucci bag 
 With the Polo jeans over doobi-bag, uh 
 Yo hold the door a-ight? 
 We comin' through, Tribe beef, hold it down for the night 
 Big Moon got the fifth 
 D-Lyfe he got the deally and girl you got the gif [yeah for real love] 
 Turn it over the page 
 Usherin all of y'all to a brand new age, where [yeah] 
 Status really don't matter 
 Everbody get right to the pitter the patter [come on] 
 Makin' moves, settin precedence 
 Enterin your residence, the whole scene is decadence 
 And the feelin' is true 
 I'm seein me and my crew, you seein black and blue, uh [yeah] 
 So let's go for the ride 
 Strap yourself in tight and if you bonafied then just uh 
 (Q-Tip) 
 Dunn what what bring it, bring it 
 A-bring it give it bring it give it 
 Bring it give it bring it give it 
 Bring it give it bring it give it 
 Bring it give it bring it give it 
 Bring it give it bring it give it 
 A-where we bring it to? 
 Right here, right where? Right here, right where? 
 Right here, right where? Right here, right where? 
 Right here, right where? Right here, here here 
 Right here, take it home home, take it home, right here 
 (Q-Tip) 
 Millennium, on your mind, are you runnin' out of time? 
 Hope you skippin every line because I'm gettin' mine 
 Move it around a bit again 
 Every block every town we startin a trend [for real for real] 
 Eye to eye ma and toe to toe [toe to toe] 
 Who concentratin on killin' the show? 
 Penetration is methodically slow 
 Mountain high valley low gonna find the dough [yo for real for real] 
 All my peoples, no matter the creed 
 We gonna satisfy the urge and discover the need [uh uh uh uh] 
 You feel, you feel the bite in this 
 If you think I'm type real then invite me miss 
 And let me say a rhyme in your ear 
 Dancin close you the most and you fit in here [yeah] 
 You feel the rhythm is right 
 You know the spittin' is tight 
 You think you won't but I think you might, uh