Get down... (Make it easy) 
 Good God, make it easier now 
 (Good God, make it easier now) 
 Get down... (Man and woman get down) 
 Good God, make it easier now 
 (Good God, make it easier now) 
 Get down... (Man and woman get down) 
 A-doogah-doogah-doogah-doogah-dah doo 
 Man and woman be patrollin the earth 
 Puttin' shit in the game... 
 Citizens... of the world, we runnin' out 
 Precious time is a grain of sand... 
 Ignored by the hand 
 (Work hard man everyday) 
 Work hard man everyday (for who?) 
 For another man's plan... 
 Man orders woman when he come home... 
 Getcha ass in the air! 
 (My woman wants it just as much as I do) 
 Woman wants it just as much as he does 
 But makes as if she don't care... 
 Man and woman in the same where I'm from... 
 We havin' things on the mind... 
 Minimum wage and the internet page (she cry) 
 Protect themselves from crime... 
 The bluest collar on the brownest of skin 
 White, yellow, red too... 
 They don't care... who it is... 
 They watchin you... 
 Conspiracies, so you might as well dance 
 Gettin' down, Zulu... 
 Man and woman, yo you might as well dance 
 Gettin' down, Zulu, c'mon, c'mon... 
 Gettin' down is somethin' to do between woman and man 
 One minute we're so far apart and then, together we stand 
 Gettin' down is somethin' to do between woman and man 
 One minute we're so far apart and then, together we stand 
 Men and women, what's goin' on... inside of our minds? 
 Oh no... sing it one more time, c'mon 
 Gettin' down is somethin' to do between woman and man 
 One minute we're so far apart and then, together we stand 
 Check it out... 
 Red man was the first on the continent 
 This you gotta understand 
 Woman not behind, she's right beside him there 
 And they both toil land 
 White man fightin for independence from, an old empire 
 Woman makes a flag for a new nation and 
 Let's the flag waves high 
 Black woman is stripped of her kingdom and 
 Bought the breastfeeding new... 
 Black man... mentally... he broke it too... 
 But the cream always rise to the top 
 That's what men and women do 
 Man/woman always doin' the dance 
 One wops, one pops... 
 We'd be lucky if we both find a groove 
 That we both can lock 
 Can man be stronger if a woman was there? 
 I would have to say yes 
 Can woman make it without men being there? 
 She would have to be blessed 
 Woman and man are the spiritual forces 
 Brought together to live... 
 Good thing there's many of us here in the world today 
 Find a good one to give, let's go, c'mon... 
 Good God make it easier now... 
 Get down... 
 Good God make it easier now... 
 Get down... 
 A-doogah-doogah-doogah-doogah-dah doo 
 Get down...