";Awwwwwwww. Looky here, looky here, looky here! 
 You out the frame with it. You off the chain with it. 
 You out the frame with it. Woman, woman..."; 
 You got your girlfriend around ya. 
 No wonder she surround you. Look at you. 
 Your brown eyes pierce just like a knight, 
 Make afella think real hard about the rest of his life. 
 The whole *shit* is strange. I'm really thinkin' brains 
 But on the other hand, I really feel your stress and pain. 
 Flimsy little men, they can't command you 
 And they don't have the heart to demand you, 
 But niether do I. I guess I'll let you walk 
 On and watch 'cause your walk is strong. 
 Sippin' passion wit' a stranger in the club, 
 It doesn't necessarily equate to love. 
 It's not really in the air, I wanna take it elsewhere 
 Somethin' wild that 'chu can't compare. 
 Bangin' on my wood drum now 
 Hope your hearin' all the sound. Now, *nigga*, come now. 
 Sittin' at home, a hat in my hand 
 While you crawlin' on the earth with your natural tan. 
 Your than is jigg-i-lin' and causin' a stir. 
 Let's do it real rough until life is a blur. 
 I suit you the way that 'chu want. 
 Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu want. 
 It caught me the way that 'chu want. (";Uh, uh, uh.";) 
 Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu want. (";Check it out, now.";) 
 I suit you the way that 'chu want. (";Check it out. Check it. Uh.";) 
 Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu want. (";Check it.";) 
 It got me the way that 'chu want. 
 Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu want. 
 I can kinda understand, you know. 
 I mean bein' at the top, I mean to start a show. 
 The brushes with fame, continuous game you get, 
 Hustles with plans, stakin' they clans and *shit*. 
 But you shine and you pay it no mind, always 
 Stayin' on the grind with the thangs you do. 
 You got the illest little switch and you 
 Ain't takin' no *shit* 'cause nobody wanna *fuck* wit' 'chu. 
 Admiration to the utmost. 
 All my dogs raise your cups till the girl toast. 
 I don't wanna bring shame to you really, 
 I wanna put flames to you sincerly. 
 Make your box-spring jump like a low rida. 
 Best place that I could be is inside ya. 
 The love that we have could be real 
 But you gotta go by what your heart feels. 
 Heart feels. Heart feels. 
 Heart feels. Heart feels. 
 Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. 
 Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, come on. 
 I suit you the way that 'chu want. 
 Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu want. 
 It got me the way that 'chu want. (";Uh, uh, uh.";) 
 Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu want. (";Check it out, now.";) 
 I suit you the way that 'chu want. (";Check it out. Check it. Uh.";) 
 Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu want. (";Check it.";) 
 It caught me the way that 'chu want. 
 Hey, hey, hey, the way that 'chu want.