(Intro: Vince Staples) 
 "What's up, nigga? Why you so depressed and sad all the time like a little bitch? What's the problem, man? Niggas want to hear you rap. Don't nobody care about how you feel, we want raps, nigga." 
 (Verse 1: Earl Sweatshirt) 
 Grandma's passing 
 But I'm too busy tryna get this fuckin' album cracking to see her 
 So I apologize in advance if anything should happen 
 And my priorities fucked up, I know it, I'm afraid I'm going to blow it 
 And when them expectations raising because daddy was a poet, right? 
 Talk all you want I'm taking no advice 
 Nigga, I'm 'bout to relish in this anguish 
 And I'm stressing over payment, so don't tell me that I made it 
 Only relatively famous in the midst of a tornado 
 Misfitted, I'm Clark Gable, I'm not stable, abrasive as fuck 
 And they all pay me, I'm chuckling, cross-faded in public 
 Heart racing till blunt is lit like, "He don't give a fuck again, right?" 
 (Interlude: Earl Sweatshirt) 
 "Hey Thebe, nigga, what's up nigga? I heard you back, I need them raps, nigga. I need the verse, I don't care about what you going through or what you gotta do nigga, I need bars, sixteen of 'em." 
 (Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt) 
 I don't fuck with too much of y'all's shit 
 Judging by the pants and the mall grip 
 Gully, in the vans with the dark tints 
 I'm a start-shit type nigga, night life living 
 Riding in the Jeep, I'mma side-swipe niggas 
 What's your life like? That's aight nigga 
 Hammer in the left ready when the price isn't 
 Right got the whip and I ain't got the license for it 
 And Jill got me living like my life is golden 
 Sitting on the sofa feeling high and dormant 
 If we could smoke another while the mic records it 
 The nicest doin' it, what the fuck you staring at? 
 Acting like you've never seen a tooth that's carat-capped 
 Bars hotter than the blocks where we be at 
 Stuntin' these niggas gon' flop like Divac 
 See that nigga? And for the time being 
 I'mma be that nigga, believe that nigga 
 You see that nigga? And for the time being 
 I'mma be that nigga, believe that, nigga