"Yeah... me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm just tryna say somethin' before... I... I... dropped off." 
 (Verse 1: Vince Staples) 
 I feel like the Tom Sawyer for real niggas 
 Looking for a problem, revolver under the Hilfiger 
 No bluff needed, we will kill niggas 
 So try me if you want, bruh, I promise I'm with all of that 
 Late night shooters, got 'em thinking Johnny Carson back 
 Trying to win this white man game with my heart intact 
 All off a dollar and a dream that I really had 
 Kind of hard to sleep when your thoughts is in the streets 
 North north is the side where my family stay 
 Big Baby Jesus, I can't wait 
 Until the money coming in, spend it all on guns and rims 
 I ain't nothing but a nigga, ain't no reason to pretend 
 (Verse 2: Earl Sweatshirt) 
 Kept the sticky in the Stussy pouch 
 Ski mask, bloody 'Preme hoodie tossing doobies out 
 The window of the hoopty, night black as Paul 
 Mooney at the movies but the moon was out 
 Food was always optional 
 Eating nothing but hard punches to that abdominal 
 Closed fist chronicles, sold sniff, Momma knew 
 Baggies laying 'round, peanut shells at a carnival 
 Stomping clowns, welcome pussy niggas to the romper room 
 Buckshot'll cover a whole torso like a parka do 
 In a park at 2, plotting, trying to garner loot 
 Split it with his big road dog, call him Marmaduke 
 Searching for a shard of truth and found uh 
 Couple bucks bought his cousins lunch 
 Another Dutch, stiff collar on the button-up 
 Hood, rich, wild, and 'bout to run amok 
 Road to Hell paved with cement, covered trestled drugs, toughen up 
 "Well, all right, okay 
 If that's how you truly feel about it, then. 
 All right, okay 
 If that's how you truly feel about it, then." 
 (Verse 3: Earl Sweatshirt) 
 Vinny Stape, they stupid, think the city safe 
 Until that little bindi placed, headshots, red dot 
 Block as hot as Denny plates, fed watch, Fed watch 
 Opinions only pity based, deep in the Civic with the 
 Evilest niggas this side of the Mississippi 
 All courtesy of Vincent from niggas who plot against 
 Ear-L-double-S, hear shells from the Tec 
 Hear in full-effect, eat a dick and cut a check, bitch 
 Few niggas I'm on a first-name basis with 
 Address me by the alias, that trunk weighted like he 
 'Bout to catch a case again, eighths louder than the voice of 
 Satan that be plaguing him, bruh, I'm caking 
 Whether Hell or bad weather, high water, I'm a sailor-type 
 Assailant for the paper, living like I met the maker twice 
 Hit it till I'm faded right? Mami, take a hike 
 Or treat it like you fucking shaking dice, bitch