Ruff Ryders (ruff ryders) 
 Ryde or die, volume 2 
 (Swizz Beatz) 
 Tugboats 
 It's over... 
 (Cross) 
 (Laughing) It's the second time around mutherfucker (yeah) 
 Volume 2, ryde or die, bitch 
 Gangsta nigga 
 And we gonna rock this motherfucker, you dig me (for sure baby) 
 We done square rooted the motherfucking streets (for sure baby) 
 Double R, you cock sucking sons of bitches (yeah) 
 (Swizz Beatz (Snoop Dogg)) 
 State your name gangsta (Big Snoop dogg (bow wow)) 
 Where ya representin? (West coast) 
 You gonna hold it down? (Please believe nigga) 
 Enough said then nigga ((Hold on, hold up) beyatch!) 
 Make a start 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 Let's make this official 
 Shine your boots and load your pistols 
 Pull out your best crudentials 
 'Cause this'll, be the official for the fake tissue 
 Doggy dogg and big Swizz'll, nigga blow the whistle 
 Smoke it on some bomb beat and second hand smoke will get ya, hit ya 
 And make ya all get the picture 
 Dig this, when was the last time you seen me 
 Posted up, west coasted up and sippin on some green meat 
 Believe me, it ain't easy being D'zy 
 With these jealous rap niggas and these punk ass freezies (fuck em) 
 Man, I couldn't remember what they told me 
 When I first came in the game, but things done changed 
 Call it what you want it, keep the heat up on it 
 Eastside California, spinnin like a 'tona 
 Banging on the corner, like a 'sona 
 It be best to back up off a boy and put this up on ya 
 (Swizz Beatz (Yung Wun)) 
 Yeah, State your name youngster (Yung Wun!) 
 Where you representing? (A-T-L, shorty) 
 You gonna hold it down? (Damn right!) 
 Well, enough said then (It's up, man nigga tell ya something) 
 Let's go 
 (Yung Wun) 
 Shorty pop a lot, acting like he got a lot 
 With all that fake ice on his watch, this nigga wanna get got 
 Coming to my city with all that hot shit and his fake ass cliq 
 I'm gonna put something in him, bust his wig, I'm on some thugged out shit 
 He better be strapped boy, how ya like that boy 
 Hey boy, I'm gonna break your back boy, with a bat boy 
 Where ya at boy, hold up, I'm cold hearted 
 Damn right, I get retarded 
 I'm a young one, and down here, bitch I'm the hardest 
 Shoot the shoot, hide and talk that shit 
 I'm gonna stay low, keep it real and show then come up 
 But when I bite, you gonna feel that there, it's real down here 
 Watch your mouth boy, you might get killed down here 
 I'm a ryde or die nigga, I'll put something in your eye nigga 
 Get beside them here, it's fly bye nigga 
 When it come to glock cocking and drop popping 
 I'm the first to hit the black and go to war with the cops, fuck nigga 
 (Swizz Beatz) 
 State your name gangsta (Scarface) 
 Where you representing? (My motherfucking self) 
 You gonna hold it down? (God damn right) 
 Enough said then nigga 
 (Scarface) 
 Hi-ho Scarface and Dogg whippin this streets against the law 
 Bringing terror with this beretta, I clutch in my paw 
 I'm scared motherfuckers, scrape with mine 
 You will attack, that's what you get, my enemies die 
 It's a worldwide story, for all soldiers 
 Even if Ruff Ryders ryde ruff or roll over 
 It's a stickup, said down on your knees 'cause I'm sick-up 
 If disrespected, you don't disrespect me nigga 
 I'm the one these niggas call on 
 When they go to cases are halted and the time come for beatin' up the bosses 
 Make them an offer they can't refuse 
 They don't comply, when I walk out they stack these fools 
 I guess these niggas think they can't be moved 
 Realized it those dead niggas like they think they do 
 You fuck with me I gots to fuck with you 
 World war three, motherfucker, I thought you knew 
 (Swizz Beatz (Jadakiss)) 
 State your name gangsta (Jadakiss, nigga) 
 Where you representing? (East coast, dog) 
 You gonna hold it down? (Why wouldn't I?) 
 Enough said then nigga (Let's go) 
 Let's go 
 (Jadakiss) 
 C'mon, 
 If you fucking with the kiss, you ain't gonna breathe 
 The only time I lick in the air is new years eve 
 Sonny from Bronxdale you can't leave 
 Get kissed on your cheek then your meant to die 
 'Cause when the gun start poppin' and my temperature rise 
 You know my style, twenty niggas with forty cals 
 Nine years ago you was hollering when shorty wild 
 Now I'm in the rap game twisting these honies out 
 Never left the crack game, still on the money route 
 I run through the industry looking for enemies 
 Y'all niggas sound sick and Jada the remedy 
 Get shot in your eyes and your mouth 
 Can't see can't talk when you fuckin' with the heart of New York 
 And that's foulin then swallow the pulp 
 And then fuck with the feds dog, you know I push the prowler they caught 
 Toast on my lap, got the east coast on my back 
 (Cross) 
 How many times must I tell you motherfuckers (yeah) 
 We ain't in-du-stry niggas, we in-the-streets niggas 
 Ruff Ryders forever, hey bitch now what 
 (Swizz Beatz and Cross) 
 Ryde or die, you talk it, we live it (EASTCOAST!) 
 So ryde or die, you want it, we give it (WESTCOAST!) 
 So ryde or die, you start it, we end it (DIRTY SOUTH!) 
 So ryde or die, you talk it, we live it (BIG WEST!) 
 So ryde or die, you want it, we give it (RUFF RYDERS!) 
 So ryde or die, you start it, we end it (BIAATCH!) 
 (Repeat chorus) (hollering then fade to end) 
 Double r muthafucka!