Uh... the animals are int he building... angela!...betta known as (angieeeee) 
 Uh lets doit... 
 All I can do is give you me, if you chose to believe its on you 
 I live in peace I can sleep but I don't chose 
 I'm an animal, the promos the stations, the movies, rap rebecca lobo! 
 I rub elbows with people you couldn't get a hello from... with a mask and a gun 
 You don't gotta ask how come or where I'm at' 
 I work I wanna make that clear to kats' 
 Nothings for free!' 
 And you know you can't run from me' 
 I'm ten years deep you too young for me!' 
 You can sleep while I drop album number 3 
 And yeah you can hate but somebody loving me' 
 Evidently! number one at 3 with videos on mtv. 
 You can learn from me' 
 Then its back to the streets can't be serious' 
 Album still sold can't be curious' 
 Animals ...that's how it is, that's what we are, walk with our heads up high 
 'Cause we animals 
 Straight beast, 18 hours a day work no sleep 
 We are animals 
 That's how it is that's what we are walk with our heads up high 
 'Cause we animals straight beast 18 hours a day work no sleep 
 Sakario--they ain't understandin 
 Angie- talk to em... 
 Sakario 
 U don't know like the highway patrol I stay on a roll (animals) 
 While joe is peeping I keep creative control 
 I vocal coach, show singers how to flow and I engineer shows and do promos (all 
 Of dat!) 
 Making shit more clear, 'cause the animals is aqui now/(animals animals animals 
 Animals) 
 All your dedicated fans is rollin' with me now'//(ha ha ha ha 
 U can hit me doing them freestylez, I rather not, just do it I make records and 
 Write sixteen bars in 500 seconds' 
 Its sakario aka mr. guatalo... 
 In every track my spits is a problem so' 
 So... and give me the amps ...espacio (space) 
 We animals! (ah) 
 That's how it is 
 That's how we are walk with our heads up high 
 'Cause we animals straight beasts 
 18 hours a day work no sleep 
 We are animals! 
 That's how it is 
 That's what we are walk with our heads up high 
 'Cause we animals straight beasts 18 hours a day work no sleep 
 Angie 
 Look I'm a professional, I'm not stressing you 
 I do what's best for me you do what's best for u! 
 I'm, not concerned with a bullshit neva was 
 I'm gettin' mad 'cause... bloods, kings, netas, and zulus 
 All over this world I'm old school do you' 
 I put in work and I do shows 
 The promos, rehearsals (all of that@!) 
 Back to interviews no time for myself 
 Drive through dinners no time for my health 
 I wonder how I'm surviving myself 
 Angie bebe got the title and belt! 
 The queen of hip hop radio through the many years 
 Blood sweat and tears happy to be here 
 On a sequel and I'm still working 
 I know you got hate in your blood its still hurtin' 
 I'm an animal! 
 That's how it is that's what we are walk without heads up high 'cause we animals 
 Straight beasts 18 hours a day work no sleep we are animals, that's how it is, 
 That's what we are walk without heads up high 'cause we animals we straight beasts 
 18 hours a day work no sleep! 
 ...Angieeeeeeeeee...