(Angie Martinez) 
 Yo, yo, yo, uh, uh, yo, yo, whoo whoo whoo whoo, yo, uh, hey! 
 Sometimes you gotta, catch yo' breath and, 
 All the time you gotta watch yo' step and, 
 Catch me all on yo' neck, stressin' 'bout "What you doin' next?" 
 And I ain't got much left; tolerance wit' a hoop-la 
 La hodienda no se para nunca, yeah 
 They give it to you but I, 
 Keep it movin' while I'm runnin' wit' the rap race 
 But I need a little damn space, to breathe 
 I gotta just do me; why I always gotta be sexy huh? 
 Would you mind when you spill it like me? 
 In a pair of Air Max sweat pants hoodie huh? 
 Would ya, get off my back, c'mon, let a nigga relax 
 'Cause I'm, all woman now, hear me roar 
 Right now I'm 'bout to hit the door, 
 So I can parle', it's my day, 'bout to pick up my girls at the highway 
 Gotta get away, gotta do it now, gotta walk into the sun, ah ah ah 
 (Chorus: Angie Martinez + singer) 
 Gotta be free, gotta do me 
 Gotta get away, get away 
 Gotta gimmie some time to breathe 
 Gotta walk into the sun, ah ah ah 
 C'mon ladies come ride wit' me 
 Gotta get away, get away 
 Gotta relax your body! 
 Gotta walk into the sun, ah ah ah 
 I just really need some time to ease my mind and let my spirit gooo! 
 (Angie Martinez - over end of Chorus) 
 Gonna fly... c'mon... 
 How many women cook and clean, wash the clothes 
 Work a job, come home - mop the floors, wash the sofas 
 Nah, no time for that, besides, ya only rest when it's time to wack 
 Plus that's that time you can be the gent, 
 Gettin' ya legs tight, gettin' ya head right 
 Doin' it every night in summer time almost 
 You wanna ass lookin' firm when they come up close 
 One of single mother types wit' a couple of kids? 
 Nuttin' come before them, don't give a fuck who it is 
 You a proud ass woman, never cry for help 
 Been doin' it for years all by yourself 
 For cryin' out loud, can ya get your props? 
 Wanna pull your hair out cause the shit don't stop and, 
 Ya nigga wanna stress, gettin' no rest 
 Takin' no breaths, it's PMS 
 Wanna know when do I get my day 
 Wanna pick up my girls at the highway 
 Gotta get away, gotta do it now, gotta walk into the sun, ah ah ah 
 (Singer) 
 Yo necesito un poco de paz... en mi vida! 
 Necesito un poco de paz... en mi vida! 
 Some times a girl just wants to be free 
 From what you think of me baby please 
 Get up off my back and give a girl some space 
 Because we're livin' in a big bad place 
 I just really need some time to have a little piece of mind and 
 Breathe, breeeaathe!