[B-Legit] (Kurupt) 
 (Gangsta time) 
 Where my gangstas at? 
 (Gangsta ville) 
 Where all my gangstas at? 
 (You know it ain't a gangsta ville withoout a dog pound) 
 And a hog nigga (caughing) 
 Yeah, special dedication 
 To all my gangsta niggas and to all my gangsta bitches 
 (I'm sick wit it tho, check it out) 
 (B-Legit) 
 I used to mash through the crowd 
 Makin' bitches wonder "DAMN" 
 That nigga B-Legit's the man 
 It was 65 grand for the land 
 Fo 5 O, 4x4, hit the strip slow 
 Windows on tint so they can't look in 
 It's me the kingpin hit and Mac 10 
 On a trip about to hit up the 6 
 Should I give up, them niggas run up 
 They fucked, now what 
 Huh, whos that? 
 (Kurupt, Mack 10) 
 That nigga Kurrupt 
 G'z up, hoes down, muthafucka blaze up 
 D.P.G.C. muthafucka g'd up 
 In all blue and grey all day always 
 Let the dogs out muthafucka 
 Hear the barking 
 See the homies G-walking gangsta talkin' 
 Bitches low on dick often very often 
 Lil beeyotch 135 pounds of all diaaack 
 I keep the house always stoppin' them dubbs to the bay 
 Fina fuck with B cousin and E fo tay 
 From my hood to yo' town it's all about the cash 
 Got the check and the hoe checkin' off in the stash 
 Don't worry bout' nathan, we out there slangin 
 Mac 'n' Kurrupt stay down for whobangin 
 Keep a fat sack of dope 'n' fo sho I'm Dealy 
 Maine, the first foo crossin fo sho I'll kill em' 
 Where the gangstas at? 
 Where the gangstas at? 
 Where the gangstas at? 
 Tell me where the homies and the gangstas at! 
 (Mack 10) 
 We gone keep it gangsta ain't go to pop 
 Push the six double O and the Rarri drop 
 Get the two tickets spread on top of the hill 
 Niggas bellin em' chucks makin' over a mill 
 Keep the studio full of groupie hoes and choosas 
 In the gut bruisas 'n' three time losers 
 Mac 10 still thuggin', that's what's expected 
 And I vow to keep it ruff as long as I'm connected 
 (Kurupt) 
 Man I don't give a fuck about a bitch 
 Man I won't ever ever give em' shit 
 I hit the switch about 5 times 
 Then I make a switch and bust 5 rymes 
 Swerve wit a homie that can serve 5 verbes 
 Man that's the life then go home to my wife 
 With my pistol (??) (??) 
 Retire a nigga, now I'm a let my girl write my first verse 
 (B-Legit) 
 I hear it's funk on board, they need to let that go 
 Got killas gettin' down for a brick of snow 
 And for the right doe have your head chopped 
 Tag the drug, bitch you fuckin' with thugs 
 No time for pleasures, I got mills to buy judges 
 They rush us, tryin' to touch us 
 They bust us, no we all burn for scraps 
 So tell me where the homies and my gangstas at