Get my people out them chains nigga 
 I mean handcuffs, time to man up 
 Put my hands up? Fuck you sayin' bruh 
 'Cause I'm a black man, in a Phantom 
 Or is it 'cause my windows tinted 
 Car cost 300 thou' and I blow Indo in it 
 You mad 'cause your daughter fuck with me on spring break 
 Well, I'ma fuck her till the springs break 
 Yeah Roll another one 'cause I'm winnin' 
 And my four door looking real photogenic 
 Jam 'em on the tire, in threads that won't expire 
 I'm in a class of my own, my teacher got fired 
 Money getting long, pussy rate keep rising 
 Versace outfit cost me 3,000 
 From the P houses, did it from the weak hours 
 Selling that chicken no lemon pepper, no sweet and sour 
 First you get the power, then you get respect 
 I'm getting so much money I can buy ya bitch 
 Take it how you wanna, if you wanna take it 
 I like clubs where all the women working naked 
 Fell in love with a waitress what the fuck I'm thinking 
 Bought that ho a ring it was for her pinky 
 Uhn, that's pimpin' that's slick 
 Got a bottle of cologne that cost more than your rent 
 Fuck y'all mad at me for 
 Got a black card, and a black phantom 
 With a white bitch in Idaho, I do the same thing in (Montana) 
 Got a thick bitch in Atlanta, got a redbone in the Chi 
 Got two chains, they two-tone, two hundred racks, no lie (true) 
 Ali Bomaye! Ali Bomaye! 
 I'm bout to rumble in the jungle in these new Kanye's 
 Ali Bomaye! Ali Bomaye! 
 My lawyer threw them gloves on and beat another case 
 Fuck y'all mad at me for, 'cause my belt got two G's on it 
 Her belt got two C's on it, my daughter's stroller got D's on it 
 Free Big Meech, Free Boosie and C-Murder 
 Like New Orleans, like Baltimore, come to Compton you'll see murders 
 And my AR see murders, that's beef nigga no burgers 
 I'm insane and you Usain, nigga better turn on them burners 
 Got ?, bitch? 
 Got dope to sell in this hotel, no half price, no retail 
 You a bitch nigga, no female, I smack niggas, Sprewell 
 I'm on the block like D 12, I got the white, no D-12 
 Like a little nigga in Africa, I was born toting that K 
 And that's real shit, no Will Smith, and no? 
 But they yellin' 
 Ali Bomaye! Ali Bomaye! 
 Thank God that a nigga seen another day 
 Ali Bomaye! Ali Bomaye! 
 Got a chopper and a bottle fuck it let 'em spray 
 I take my case to trial, hire the Dream Team 
 Robbie Kardashian, Johnnie Cochran, I seen things 
 I dream big, I think sharp 
 Inhale smoke, Hawaiian tree bark 
 Humble yourself, you not a G, keep it one with yourself 
 Run to niggas for help, favors I keep one on the shelf 
 I got rifles with lasers, swing it just like the majors 
 Hit you right above navel, now you swimming in pavement 
 Gold medals on my neck, I call it Michael Phelps 
 Hoes settling for less, I call 'em bottom shelf 
 Niggas tough on them blogs and never did nothing at all 
 On the road to the riches, bitches not tagging along 
 Unless it's ass in a thong, hit that ass and I'm gone 
 Disrespect my nigga Boss and I'm flashing the chrome 
 I'm waving the Tec, Tity spraying the Mac 
 Extendos in the back, [gonna lap?] 
 Got a bitch that look like Laila Ali sitting in my lap 
 Got a call from Skateboard, pick 'em up at Lax 
 Speaking skateboards, where Tune at? 
 Fuck with him, I'll break a skateboard on a nigga back 
 2 Chainz! 
 Skateboard on a nigga track 
 No lie, No Lie already got a plaque 
 Mama got a house, daughter got accounts 
 Just to think a nigga like me started with a ounce 
 Bad bitches and D-boys, we bring 'em out 
 If them niggas pussy, we douche 'em, we clean 'em out 
 This the voice of ghetto intelligence, if you got work 
 Go to work the work at your residence 
 For presidents 
 Word to Muhammad, that triple beam is heaven-sent 
 Riding through the jungles in that mothafuckin' elephant 
 That's a gray ghost, with the ears on it 
 Swimming through the hood like it got fins on it (Tell 'em!) 
 You know I got that work on the foreman grill 
 Weigh the muthafuckas in, made another mill' 
 Got a nigga feeling like Cassius Clay 
 Thrilla in Manilla, nigga want it whip his ass today 
 Ali Bomaye! Ali Bomaye! 
 Thank God that a nigga seen another day 
 Ali Bomaye! Ali Bomaye! 
 Got a chopper and a bottle fuck it let 'em spray