As I met 2 Chainz a few minutes ago, as I gazed into his face, I felt that I was in the presence of royalty. There's a certain power presence that he gives off 
 I tried to be, everything you want and need 
 'Cause you got a deep title don't mean that you deep 
 Substance shallow on shit creek, I heard Cole speak 
 About the bricks, Kendrick got Compton lit 
 And I've been lit ever since I sold nicks 
 Never fabricated about my fabric, the scale, that's my apparatus 
 I give a fuck about the sorriest rappers 
 This actually happened, path in the back pathogenic 
 Moved that blow out like we were afrocentric 
 I had a front row entry, I had the codeine kidney 
 I made up the Bentiaga truck, you owe me a Bentley 
 This the rap Ken Griffey, got at least 10 with me 
 Got at least 10 on me, I'm anti-phony 
 My girl anti-bony and she get that money 
 I bought all this shit, don't go acting anti on me 
 It's Mr. Epps in the bank, I give a F what you think 
 I bought a Tesla today, there's nothing left in your tank 
 I did everything except a fucking song with Jay 
 But I murdered every song I fucking did with Ye 
 See my verses are better and my subject is realer 
 See my mom was an addict and my dad was the dealer 
 And their son is that nigga, I'm no Black activist 
 I'm a Black millionaire, give you my Black ass to kiss 
 We used the tree for a fence, I used to land in the trench 
 Used to dust myself off, then I eat me some shrimp 
 Coulda did anything, I coulda been me a pimp 
 I coulda went to the league, I took it straight to the rim 
 I took it straight to the block, I got Xans in my sock 
 I got plans for the pot, I got bands, you do not, huh 
 Yeah, you a miracle. Right now, if you hear this, you're a miracle, I want you to know that. If you're able to hear this right now, you are a miracle. Straight up, no kapp 
 I'm more Gucci than Vans, give you a Gucci advance 
 This the chance of your life, you ain't prepared for your life 
 See the man without a mic is just a mic gimmick 
 Anyone, Jordan, Jackson, Tyson, Bivens 
 Phone number unlisted 
 Gave her the digits to a number that is long distance 
 She on the wrong mission and got my palm itching 
 I had it on me, you can see it in my prom pictures, ugh 
 I'm telling you, niggas like me fall out the sky. You don't just bump into me. I'm a real blessing, bro, nah, for real, bro 
 You know the times is rough, you know the times is hard 
 I never trust my neighbors, so we got burglar bars 
 You know the times is rough you know the times is hard 
 I never trust my neighbors so we got burglar bars, Lord, yeah, okay 
 You know the times is rough you know the times is hard 
 I never trust my neighbors so we got burglar bars 
 You know the times is rough you know the times is hard 
 I never trust my neighbors so we got burglar bars, Lord, Lord 
 Lord knows 
 Woke up today, gave thanks 
 Grateful to see another day, then the storm came 
 As the night falls, I shed my blood, sweat and tears 
 Let the rain fall, let it fall, let it fall 
 One day 
 Your love will take me right over the stars, Lord knows 
 That soulful trap music, man. Yeah, I'm talkin' 'bout Section 8, I'm talkin' 'bout the 'partments. You stay in the middle, someone stay on top of you, someone stay below you. What you know about grabbing a broom and shit and hitting upstairs like, "Y'all stop fucking stomping! Y'all stop walking so mothafuckin' hard!" Then the people downstairs, they doing the same shit to us. Tru, trill shit