I've been down this corridor - 
 Before you enter you have to bring 
 Back the creator of winter damn, 
 Too late I'm spoiled, I need the napalm 
 I got it, I shot it in my left sector, 
 Blew up the timing device on the reactor. 
 Time shifted I had to remold the floor 
 The foundation for creation - mate's blend 
 The pleasure dome into another roam - 
 A walk stalked nightly by the ogre 
 That's rarely sober. But there's no tracin 
 I see the place in the flow. I'm beyond dawn, 
 No I'm not in the lawn under pawns - 
 Don't rest, never possessed stagnate magnets. 
 I never pulled slits lips wit no braille skilled eyes - 
 Balls through eyesockets. I'm currently current 
 Currents of electricity; They can't get wit me 
 Invisible to the retina half - way reality part limbo. 
 A nervous laugh while ya climbin through windows, 
 Never spin ho's on merry-go-rounds, 
 Be the ground level for ghouls, schools of fish, 
 Victims on a hit list me like Geronimo on a pratt - 
 Tackle patt tacklin patterns addin in seasonings, flavor. 
 No false teeth for beef, catapulting fingers to light 
 Switches so you can see the real, I feel the tension 
 My sight twitches - I'm bent. 
 Second Scene: I'm the star in a step show 
 Around corners, the coroner's office; 
 Where my rep grows. I'm on some sort of drug 
 Like the President, it's evident that I'm noid, 
 A little bit of pizza - the riddle gets deeper. 
 I'm lookin' for outs 'n' ins, stolen isotonas, 
 The gloves, the bout begins three jabs on a transport 
 It's a sport for me to take another life on landing, 
 Branding wit a prattle prod designed by God. 
 It's my job to resign frauds, 
 The odd is against you got a degree in me, 
 So I know that I flow, credentials are essential - 
 It's blasphemy the type of shit they be askin me. 
 I don't feel the vibe, abstract art the veal 
 Doesn't heal this deprived stomach from a plummet. 
 Swinging on a duet with the bullet. 
 I never pull out for suspense - I'm on a bent mission. 
 Jack Cousteau couldn't take it no deeper - 
 I'm a resident in Davey Jones micro-locker 
 Holds the phone, foamin at the mouth: 
 Mad Dog, a taste, never had hog I'm droppin' 
 The scrooge, makin' fools hit the log - axe it. 
 I seen it beneath where the cowards hope 
 Trembled sleeper see if you can find the lost 
 Treasure through measures in bars - I'm bent.