I bought my ticket ten years ago when in demand 
 Was the candy caramel. I submerged like a 
 Murk on the mental. But it was hard to tell if 
 Nails pitched on my tent on time, with the ringmaster 
 - God - had a whip. Hit me on my hip, now I'm on 
 A hop, but it don't stop. Now I advise the wise 
 Why, why did you let me out the flock? Now I'm 
 Flowin pro, flippin flu, germs wit a new perm 
 I'm hittin different regions. It's winter season 
 Tryin' to forget the treason of my twisted sister, so 
 I turn my face when Rockin' Rollin' in myst-ic 
 So side show freaks can't peep the mask task-force 
 Behind the jacket, so I'm packin not because I'm 
 Hard. I'm paranoid, I'm far away from 
 God. He can't see me. I ignorantly thought he caught me 
 Dreamin', in comes the demon tryin' to shoot me 
 That semen. One way I'm off the brink, the detour 
 Was unblocked. I'm strictly on instinct, I'm walkin' 
 Over barriers. I'm spooked 'cause I keep hearin 
 The word spades. They tryin' to pull my card 
 They're goin' to get it, I won't forget it like an 
 Elephant, tiger, lions rely on the funky monkey 
 Dyin' in the real circus 
 I'm finally out of my cage, it's been ten swings since 
 I quenched the silence. Sure to erupt eyes-lids 
 Till they're queasy from the degree of the tilt of 
 A trapeze performer that's proven succession in 
 The progression of a juggler, vain slitter, my spear 
 Shifted. Saafir's gifted like black Santa. I was 
 Born a flipper with sticks and balance beams 
 I learn to differ swift stimulation of a soul snatcher. 
 Oh! Here they come Jay-Z, 15 deep 
 In a clown car wit make-up, but I got make-up 
 For ya - wake up. I lay material like dogs upside 
 Down cakes. I give pounds to fakes so my cleets 
 Stake claims, skills have belittled spittle. What's 
 Coming from that grill - waffles, ya shit is awful 
 Further let's implore for more speech reach back 
 For the cage where the elves are plottin schemes 
 You ask me to explain what I mean, I will in 
 The afterlife kill death, I verify the untimid 
 Breath, I'm trustworthy to the busting of dirty 
 Thirty-thousand year old authentic, I'll win it 
 Just as the thought has brought into focus comes 
 The real traveling circus. 
 I'm jumpin' through hoops, can you dance like a 
 Panther? I can. I pick my prey in shades of 
 Grey, but I'm not color blind on the rhyme. The 
 Circus is in my scalp. I'm higher than the Alps 
 I'll make you break camp. I tame crews like shrews 
 I bust nuts without screws. Can you do that - hardly. 
 Ya too stiff malarky art kits, give up the drawings 
 Ya never saw swings cling when the grip whips 
 That makes you feel like the Real Circus.