Heh Heh 
 Yeah goddamn it's that old gangsta shit 
 Right there boy goddamn 
 Shit heh heh 
 This is Dope Fiend Willy from the last mothafuckin' record I want the 
 Ten piece hey I got me some now I don't give a fuck but uh huh yeah you 
 All ain't gonna know nothin' bout this O.G. shit 
 Unless you start knowin' sumpim about Uzi's and shit So uh? 
 Now this three eighty was a bitch who used to ho up on my block 
 She lived on smith-n-wesson with that pimp Mr. Glock 
 Now glock had many bitches, he sold pussy by the pound 
 And bitches jocked his trigga every time he came around 
 Big baller, big game shooter until he met that crazy muthafucka Mr. Ruger 
 Now ruger was a pimp too, He had his own hoes 
 Mrs Hollow Tip and Neener who wore ho?ish clothes 
 G-string up the ass with the big fat clitoris 
 Drinkin' that Colt 45 'cause she's a gangsta bitch 
 I love my neener and my neener loves me muthafucka's think I'm crazy 
 'Cause I'm trigga happy 
 Trigga happy, trigga happy, trigga happy nigga 
 Trigga happy, trigga happy, trigga happy nigga 
 Trigga happy, trigga happy, trigga happy nigga 
 Trigga happy, trigga happy, trigga happy nigga 
 Heh heh, well goddamn smith-n-wesson, heh heh heh, 
 I got me a colt 45 back at the mothafuckin' house heh heh, 
 Yeah I'm ready to do somethin'? 
 With one of these little ol'young muthafucka's heh heh yeah, 
 But I think maybe a ol' ten piece hook me up muthafucka 
 I know you got that shit 
 Yeah mothafuckin' Dope Fiend Willie in the house, 
 Don't give a fuck about no nigga heh muthafucka shit. 
 Mr Snubnose slangin the yay out the bullet shed 
 And Mrs Mossberg blowin' up his? 
 And the shit it don't be gettin' no better, 
 You gotta watch for that crooked ass cop Officer Beretta 
 Put your ass in a sling, 
 Check out that skinny ass bitch deuce deuce 
 Thinking she miss thing 
 And Mr tech nine lookin' for some convo 
 And he jammed and stuttered when he could had a hoe 
 But he still knockin' boots from hell to heaven 
 Nigga got a page about three feety seven 
 Gettin' paid for the cot, 
 So now he got a deal with that bitch's pimp mr glock 
 Yeah yeah I like that new shit boy 
 Yeah heh heh trigga happy, trigga 
 Happy HEH trigga happy nigga Yeah I like that shit. 
 I'm bout to go over here and talk to these girls over here 
 Damn baby what you got on and shit 
 Now every nigga's wavin' peace to the nine 
 'Cause glock hit the block in a jeep drinkin' cheap wine 
 With his nigga AK drug kingpin gotta find Mr. Technine do his ass in 
 Niggas plottin' hits plottin' schemes but Mr. Technine's got an are-15 
 An OG nigga from the hood got his cash on rollin' fly brooms smokin' 
 Chronic to the fuckin' dome 
 And Mr Glock got the word from his people Mr Technine's havin' a party 
 At the Desert Eagle 
 So right in front of the club when he checked his beeper 
 Technine blasted his ass with the street sweeper 
 (Smoking) (coughing) 
 Goddamn shit fuck y'all and your folks got these 
 Days? That old chronic shit look at that! Goddamn boy let me get 
 Another hit of that shit (smoking) goddamn (coughing) 
 You ol' trigga happy mothafuckin' youth