Can I talk to why'all for a minute 
 See the game has become a lil twisted 
 See you gotta cat like me imma east coast playa 
 Str8 from up state 
 Then you got my man Cam he a west coast playa 
 Then you got my homey saafir... se he a westsiiiiderrr! 
 And we get down like dis 
 Cam: 
 You See I'm standing strong 
 But still don't want to break no bread 
 Now why'all gonna think I'm wrong when I start going up side your head 
 Str8 left you for dead 
 And that's the reason why 
 I still be riding on these Niggaz like giddyup horsey ride 
 I'm on the wind on my saddle 
 Bout to herd up some cattle 
 Cut the head of a snake and save the rattle 
 You willing to battle 
 Partna but you fail to see you losing the war 
 I stand up for what I believe in not leaving enough to score 
 Bet to show that why'all can't ignore my rep for making people shout 
 Whether popping they ass on stage... or socking they ass on out 
 I'm like Luke on this money... Don't stop! 
 Get it Get it... down south they 'bout it! 'bout it! 
 But out west we Widdit Widdit 
 If you fools admit it 
 Maybe you wouldn't be on the ground 
 And everything would be OK I wouldn't have to lay you you down 
 Why'all haters ain't doing me no harm I'm still rich 
 Just like Old Macdonald on his farm.bia bia ittch! 
 Niggaz be hating me constantly plotting downfall 
 But I ain't scared of none of why'all 
 Watch how daddy ball 
 "I ain't scared of none of why'all watch how daddy ball" too short (3X) 
 Saafir: 
 Now watch how daddy ball on all of why'all 
 While why'all plotting for my downfall 
 Always gotta watch my back around why'all 
 When I touch the turf, everybody slow down 
 Shit is getting worse, 'cause ain't no money in the town 
 For what its worth, I have to give my hustle a rebirth 
 Research another circuit, so I can really work it 
 I'm sick of sending ripples down the stream of ounces 
 In order to triple my scratch on the scheme of things I'm bouncing' 
 Outta town to get mined fuck these mousetraps 
 Niggaz fighting over cheese like rats 
 My whole family is against me, pullin out gats, what type of shit is that? 
 You got me strapped with a tight grip, 
 When I'm around fools they tight lipped 
 But want to jaw jack me to death around a tight bitch 
 I know the script but while you stuck on some town shit 
 I be ballin nationwide bound bitch! 
 Saafir: 
 One year later with from inflated plan 
 Just me and my man, touching back down in the town 
 But in the background, wishing into whispering 
 He's back! With all the scratch and all the contact 
 Now what why'all lack contracts mackin the gats (I got that)? 
 See I'm mobbing with a permanent plan, you say he came up quick (damn) 
 While you still on the corner standing in quick sand 
 You think you know what time it is, but your hourglass 
 Let the hour pass right by you 
 Why fool? You should have taken more than an hourglass in high school 
 Instead of snorting dog coughing wit your tweaking ass 
 I speak fast, stick a move in and out 
 Now I'm the man with all the clout 
 Nothing but big shit, mobbing in big ass whips 
 Own big ships, floating on big battle ships 
 Fuck a yacht, I'm trynna own a block like the Jewish 
 Watch how daddy ball this year Saafir knew it! 
 Imma tell why'all one more time... listen! 
 (Fades) You can't get me... you can't get my crew