Now I'm takin' my shroud and I'm puttin' 
 It on my head, not even a semi-fraud 
 More like a demigod in bed-post 
 I be hostin' a buck fifty is the rate 
 So the shower comes late. They call 
 Me get 'em sick 'cause I be fillin' 
 'Em wit dick. So I get a dance and a 
 Candle 'cause I got handles. When I 
 Drop a load in the cock, block this if 
 You can. They try 'cause they see that 
 I'm the mutha fuckin' man. 
 Demanding 
 The dick, commanding the bitch to do 
 My bidding, I'm not kidding when it comes 
 To rockin' the cradles cat. I don't jock 
 Brats. Let's use the synonym of gats 
 They play with 22's, I'm like an h-k 
 Double M caliber, when I'm in the trim 
 Stabbin' the guts like a butcher. Put 
 Ya in a trance. Watch me hump you. 
 I got muscles in my ass so I hump fast 
 At last the eyes meet mine, within her 
 Abyss I see concepts for the rhyme. 
 Dimes 
 Will be dropped definitely when I see 
 You, about how you served the hobos the 
 Butt like EU, leave you to me in two 
 Or three weeks I'll have you whole wells 
 Fargo cargo. I know fools who be sellin' 
 It, that's why niggas like me is damn near 
 Celibate. So the next time she puts in an 
 Order, even if it's a lick, tell her to bob 
 Twice and worship the dick 
 I got a rep, ah, like salt 'n' pepa 'cause 
 I'll push definitely my nuts will please 
 Like the aborigines, I'm from the bush 
 From the land down under the asshole. 
 I mash ho's into potatoes. I love to break 
 A fake ho and then make her over. 
 Shit, 
 I'll do Sybill, I'll make the hips swivel 
 And swerve. I'm licking every curve till 
 They're sprung on my tongue. I won't 
 Get caught down in the vault 'cause my 
 Lungs help me catch wreck. Yeah baby 
 I'm nasty, but I'm not gonna tell you what 
 I'll do, "'cause you'll lose reality, you'll 
 Be acting under the age of 2, like goo-goo, 
 Loo-loo, yes daddy, fuck me honey, like 
 I owe you money. Gotcha girl, now you'll 
 Spread the word and tell ya friends on 
 The low and lady if you try to play me 
 Then I'll take your dough. I'll keep the 
 Style simple, so I won't lose you, ho's. 
 I'll bruise you in between the thighs, if you're 
 Lookin' for the high, I won't be the syringe 
 For the binge. They want me to hit the crack 
 Like a dope fiend. It's all good, but I hope 
 You're clean. 'Cause if you're not 
 Then you'll rot. Cause ah... Saafir won't tell you if 
 Your shit smell like shit. From 10 paces 
 Back you'll be worshippin' the dick. 
 A true blue collar, when I'm hollerin' a 
 Point. They wanna fade blunts, so I can 
 Play the cunts. I'm like hunts - slow and thick 
 I'm so raw they've got alters for my shit 
 And a little incense lit, of course. 
 Short on 
 Cash, don't trip 'cause Saafir will fuck 
 For Fits. They make pit stops so I can 
 Tune-up the cock, brakes are free, but rape, it 
 Ain't me. Can you dig it? I don't wanna serve 
 It if the bitch don't wanna give it. I'm 
 Like ribbit - leap to the next freak, why 
 Test the ho, I might get lucky and fuck 
 Me a bisexual. No discrimination as long 
 As I'm facin' the guts, and not some under 
 Cover nigga wit some undercover nuts 
 Before you bow down to Saafir I 
 Wanna see if ya 
 Shit gotta spill, 'cause if not you'll catch a 
 Clip - you'll go out.