[2Pac] Ah yeah! 
 [Down] Yeauh! 
 [2Pac] It's all about you, one time! 
 [Down] I'mma say it's all about you baby, yeah! 
 [2Pac] Haha, for the bitches that think it's all about you - it's all about you! 
 [Down] This Dru Down in the house, with my boy 'Pizznac, youknowhatimsayin'? 
 [2Pac] It's all about you 
 [Down] Yeah I'm gon' say it's all about you, but you know I'm lyin' though, hah! Yeauh 
 You probably crooked as the last trick 
 Want to laugh about how I got my ass caught up with this bad bitch 
 Thinkin' I had her but she had me in the long run 
 It's just my luck I'm stuck with fuckin' with the wrong one 
 Wise decisions, based on lies we livin' 
 Scandalous times, this game's like my religion 
 You could be rollin' with a thug 
 Instead you with this weak scrub, lookin' for some love 
 In every club 
 I see you starin' like you want it 
 Well baby, if you got it better flaunt it 
 Let the liquor help you get up on it 
 I'm still tipsy from last night 
 Bumpin' these walls as I pause 
 Addicted to the fast life 
 I try to holla but you tell me you taken 
 Sayin' you ain't impressed, with the money I'm makin' 
 Guess it's true what they tellin' me 
 Fresh out of jail, life's hell for a black celebrity 
 So that's the reason why I call, and maybe you with it 
 Fantasies of us sweatin', can I hit it? 
 Addicted to the things you do, but still true, what I'm sayin', boo 
 Is this is all about you 
 [Hook: Nate Dogg] (x2) 
 Every other city we go, every other vi-de-o 
 No matter where I go, I see the same ho 
 I make a promise if you go with me 
 Just let me know, I'll have you hollerin' my name out before I leave 
 Nobody loves me I'm a thug nigga 
 I only hung out with the criminals and drug dealers 
 I love niggas 'cause we comin' from the same place 
 Witness me holla at a hoochie, see how quick the game takes 
 How can I tell her I'm a playa and I don't even care 
 Creep low, weed smoke's in the air 
 Everywhere I go, it's all about the groupie hoes 
 Waitin' for niggas at the end of every show 
 I just seen you in my friend's video 
 Could never put a bitch before my friends, so here we go 
 Follow the leader and peep the drama that I'm goin' through 
 It's all about you, yeah nigga 
 Is you sick from the dick or is it the flu? 
 It ain't about you or your bitch ass crew 
 Every other city we go and every video 
 Explain to a nigga why I see the same shitty ho 
 You think it's all about you? Well boo, I gets down like Dru 
 And my nasty new niggas, too 
 You couldn't hold me back, it'd take a fatter track 
 A lyrical attack, perhaps, it was a visual bluff 
 When I started to snaps all your rode 'em swoll 
 Straight in control, flows'll fold, while hoes cold stroll 
 Hold the set, I told Dramacy' go in next 
 Gold digging, cold digging a gold Rolex 
 I slide in easily, try a grizzly 
 Sluts know the cuts, I came to fuck, try skeezin' me 
 Runnin' up in ya just like Bruce Jenner when I bend ya 
 At the most, I fucked a bitch from the west coast to West Virginia 
 I'm tellin' ya, it's the same ol' shit 
 I mean ... god damn, youknowhatimsayin'? 
 I'm sittin' back, watchin' Montell Jordan video 
 I see the same bitch, who was in my homeboy Nate Dogg video 
 Then I flip the channel 
 I'm checkin' out my homeboy 2Pac video 
 I see the same bitch that was in my video, yaknahmsayin'? 
 And then, yaknahmsayin', what make that even mo' fucked up 
 I'm watchin' a Million Man March 
 And I see the same bitch, on the Million Man March 
 That was in the homeboy Warren G video 
 I mean - damn - everywhere I look, everywhere I go 
 I see the same ho 
 Don't get mad, I'm only bein' real 
 Yeah