Intro: (1st half sung, 2nd half spoken) 
 When I was young, Mama played a guitar 
 A microphone and she said I'd go far 
 She said, "Just keep all the lyrics hardcore" 
 Listen to my talk and get up, I'm on the corner with my... 
 Hey kids, gather around, it's Wyclef and Melky Sedeck 
 I got a story to tell, heeeeeeere we go 
 Chorus: (sung) 
 Sit right back and hear a tale of a hustler 'round my way 
 He used to clock around the block from where my grandma stayed 
 Black BMW with rims to match, windows bulletproof 
 One night, he jumped out the car 
 And caught a bullet in his bubblegoose 
 He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose 
 He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose 
 You can be at the party gettin' loose 
 But you can catch a bullet in your bubblegoose 
 Hey yo, hey yo, my pen's in my hand, what should I write next? 
 Oh yeah, and if you don't know, success brings stress 
 I'm vexed, my phone rings, collect call from Jeff 
 The operator say, "If you accept, say yes" 
 "Yes, what's the deal, son?" 
 "Yo, I got bad news" 
 Yo, by the tone of his voice, I heard the ill street blues 
 "The friends will make you, then too can break you 
 They plan an execution like Fu Man Chu" 
 "Who?" 
 "You know the character from channel 5 kung-fu (wahoo)" 
 "Slow down, man, Jeff, I'm losin' you" 
 "Hey yo, your cousin Rohann..." 
 "Uh-huh" 
 "Who used to sell bang" 
 "Uh-huh" 
 "DT's found his hand in the back of Binnigans..." 
 "What?" 
 "In a plastic bag with a note attached" 
 "Saying what?" 
 "A million and a half or he won't be back" 
 "So meet me by the Brooklyn Bridge, 12:00 sharp" 
 "If not, at the funeral, you gotta play the harp" 
 Yo, why they wanna start and make me play my part? 
 Don't they know like Sting, I can turn this murder into art? 
 I jumped into my car, there's gotta be a joke 
 Traffic's backed up, who's in town, the Pope? 
 S-s-s-s-someone blew the horn, I turned and looked left 
 To my surprise, it was my sis, Melky Sedeck 
 You're shootin' in the opposite position 
 I'm thiniin', "Should I fire or hold back on ammunition 
 On your wig transition?" 
 My mission, like Take 6, is to spread love 
 But all you screwed mugs got me wearin' black gloves 
 You up in my face, I see the fear in your eyes 
 You wanna feel the pain like a grown man gettin' circumcised 
 Shalom, shalom, pardon my left 
 But my right hand's on your throat, massaging you to death 
 You provoke the cycle, call Michael 
 You're lookin' in the mirror, well, I'm in your window, oh oh 
 You hear me Urkel, your blood will turn purple 
 Like the colour, you holler, ballin' for your mother 
 No one hears you even though you knock 
 You used to walk around the block with the daily rock 
 Things done changed since your spark got hot 
 Now you got your knot wocked with your very own glock 
 Sit right back and hear a tale of a hustler 'round my way 
 He used to clock around the block from where my grandma stayed 
 Black BMW with rims to match, windows bulletproof 
 One night, he jumped out the car 
 And caught a bullet in his bubblegoose 
 He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose 
 He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose 
 You can be witcha girl gettin' loose 
 But you can catch a bullet in your goose 
 He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose 
 He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose 
 You can be at the party gettin' loose 
 But you can catch a bullet in your goose