This is the Fugees, Outsiders up in here: 
 (Chorus) clef:) 
 Everyone wants to be a cowboy 
 Grab your guns boy 
 Forty-five by my side, 
 No the n***er dies. 
 (PACE1:) 
 Zen, zen zen zen zen zen zen 
 You shot your bullet, but the bullet when **** 
 Desperado, do work for new boy 
 I pull out my gun and plug two like Trugoy 
 (WYCLEF:) Wyclef 
 (Pace1:) (pace 1) 
 (WYCLEF:) Yo this was how the West was won, 
 (PACE1:) Our motto, a true Desperado. 
 (Wyclef:) 
 Rappers want to be actors 
 So they play the Jesse James Character 
 (PACE1:) And get they bones fractured. 
 (PACE1:) 
 You ain't got no guns, you off to the precinct 
 Inside tuff guys are feminine like Sheena Easton 
 (Wyclef:) 
 Woman cry, woman cry, Son still dies 
 Thrown off the building like the Fall guy 
 Caved in the grave cause you didn't know how to behave 
 Playin' cowboy now you sleep with the slaves 
 (PACE1:) 
 Who's the desperado, sellin' bottles in the alley 
 On some villain shit, wearin' a mask like Jim Carrey 
 With his gat cocked, stinkin' up the crack spot 
 Pace 1 dies with both eyes on the jackpot 
 (Wyclef:) 
 The town that I'm from beggars eat cat chowder 
 Sundance Kid is the everyday purse snatcher 
 If you see him coming, you better start running 
 Like a terrorist I guarantee you he'll be humming. 
 PACE1: Dynamite, dynamite, Clef I got the cash 
 (WYCLEF:) Yo let's skip town like Harlem nights. 
 (Lauryn:) 
 We make moves in stage coaches 
 Rah Digga likes the roaches 
 If anyone approaches 
 We be like noches, buenos 
 And I compose a poem for the many gun-slingers 
 R & B singers, perpetrating guns with two fingers. 
 (Rah digga:) 
 My style is perhaps one of the foulest 
 I inhale large clouds of smoke through my chalice. 
 (Buckin' at stars) and write rhymes for hours 
 The ghetto missy, drinkin' whiskey sours. 
 (Lauryn:) 
 Bust this scenario, can't no other n***ers in the barrio 
 (From Newark to Ontario), bust us when we in stereo. 
 Cause me and Rashida rock the battles 
 It's apparent, you're no talent, cause your blazin' in your saddle. 
 (Rah digga:) 
 Watch these rap b***hes get all up in your pockets 
 Then bounce with accountants that give me good stock tips 
 Cause props is up, Digga's through the roof 
 Burnin' n***ers like I'm 90 proof. 
 (Lauryn:) 
 And for all you head beaters 
 The lead eaters, the cheaters soon to be retreaters 
 While mamasitas carry real heaters. 
 (Rah digga:) 
 I rock the Dooby and 
 L rocks the Nubian twists 
 96 
 Muthaf***as gettin' dissed 
 (CLEF: (Chorus) 
 Everyone wants to be a cowboy 
 Grab your guns boy 
 Forty-five by my side, 
 No the n***er dies. 
 (Young Zee:) 
 Yeah, when the OUT's hooked up with the Refugees 
 It be more n***as than the NAACP 
 Comin' up on weed of all type 
 Smokin' home-grown out tobacco pipes. 
 (PRAZ:) 
 (You've got to know when to hold them, 
 Know when to fold them) 
 I can take the sunshine, piss in your wine 
 Steal your concubine, walk away with your goldmine. 
 Young Zee: So ooh ah achiga, Mamase Mamasa Mamakusa 
 (PRAZ:) 
 F*** the sheriff, I shot John Wayne 
 Push him off the runaway train in the movie Shane 
 Yeah me and that kid, um "What's his name?" 
 (Young Zee:) 
 That would be me, Young Zee from No Brain 
 Smokin' pure from the health fodd store, 
 While my whore slaps cops like Zsa Zsa Gabor 
 Fuck with OUT's it's like those Islam brothers, 
 We march through your hood with a million muthaf***as. 
 So let's get high off the Fu-Gee-La 
 When the east is in the house, like I'm Blahzay-blah 
 (Forte:) 
 When pandemonium strikes, at midnight 
 Full moon splits soft niggas in a lunatic 
 On some absurd shit 
 You talk back, hustlin' crack don't make you bigger 
 N***as who take your measurements quick, don't make it quicker. 
 Stick and slide with vigor 
 City streets hot like liquor 
 21 gun salutin, shootin' niggas from the roof and 
 Got nerve to mouth about it and the weight you claim you movin' 
 Your whole style is loose and we gon' sew it like it's cotton. 
 You fail to recognize that everybody could get gotten 
 The bounty on your head, says your dead by manana 
 Pop babies whisperin' that there's a body dropped, behind the lot 
 Police blew up the spot and locked the whole block 
 Medina is the east side of town lounge never till we yawnin' 
 Gun players regular front page is the bonus 
 Life will keep existing while I'm shittin' on the corners 
 Life will keep existing while I'm shittin' on the corners 
 (CHORUS: (Clef) 
 Everyone wants to be a cowboy 
 Grab your guns boy 
 Forty-five by my side, 
 No the n***er dies.