Hola! Soy Celia Cruz 
 Y estoy aqui con Wyclef, celebrando Carnival; Azucar!) 
 (Singing) Guantanamera 
 (Wyclef) We out here in Miami just shining 
 (Singing) Guajira, Guantanamera 
 (Wyclef) Worldwide 
 (Singing) Guan-tana-mera 
 (Wyclef) Bout to bring it to you in stereo 
 (Singing) Guajira voy, de na meda 
 Yo soy un hombre sincero 
 (Wyclef) That was then, this is now 
 Welcome to the Carnival, the arrival... c'mon! 
 (Singing) De donde crecen las palmas 
 (Wyclef Jean) 
 Spanish Harlem! Oah-eee-oh! 
 Boogie Down Bronx! Oah-eee-oh! 
 Manhattan! Oah-eee-oh! 
 Back to Staten! Oah-eee-oh! 
 Guantanamera 
 Hey yo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar 
 Guajira, Guantanamera 
 Hey, yo, I think she's eyeing me from afar 
 Guan-tana-mera... 
 Guajira Guan-tana-mera... 
 Verse One: Wyclef Jean 
 Yo, I wrote this in Haiti, overlooking Cuba 
 I asked her what's her name, she said, 'Guantanamera' 
 Remind me of an old latin song, my uncle used to play 
 On his old forty-five when he used to be alive 
 She went from a young girl, to a grown woman 
 Like a Virgin, so she sex with no average mahn 
 Peep the figure, move like a caterpillar 
 Fly like a butterfly, let your soul feel her glide 
 Pac Woman better yet Space Invader 
 If your name was Chun-Li, we'd be playin' Street Fighter 
 Penny for your thoughts, a nickel for your kiss 
 A dime if you tell me that you love me 
 Guantanamera 
 Hey yo, I'm standin at the bar with a, Cuban cigar 
 Guajira, Guantanamera 
 Yo, I think she's eyeing me from afar 
 Guan-tana-mera... 
 Guajira Guan-tana-mera... 
 (Singing in Spanish, with Wyclef responses) 
 Soy una mujer, sincera 
 Do you speak English? 
 De donde crecen las palmas 
 Can I buy you a drink? 
 Soy una mujer, sincera 
 Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh 
 De donde creeeeeeecen las palmas 
 You killin' me 
 Y antes de morir, yo quiero 
 ... 
 Cantar mis versos del alma 
 Te quiero mama, te quiero! 
 Guantanamera 
 Aiyyo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar 
 Guajira, Guantanamera 
 Hey yo John Forte, she's eyeing me from far 
 Guan-tana-mera... 
 Guajira Guan-tana-mera 
 Verse Two: Lauryn Hill 
 Yo, she was a rose in Spanish Harlem, mamacita beg your pardon 
 Make stakes at a faster rate then she fornicates 
 Pure traits of genius, Goddess of Black Venus 
 Crab niggaz angry 'cause they can't get between us 
 To no sele-xion, smooth complex-ion 
 The lexicon of Lexington, parents came from Cuba 
 Part Mexican, pure sweet, dimes fell to her feet 
 She like Movado, and shook her hips like Delgado 
 And broke niggaz down from the Grounds to Apollo 
 And then some, she took her act sent it to dim sum 
 And waited patiently while the businessmen come 
 Call late on purpose, got even politicians nervous 
 And made plans to infiltrate the street secret service 
 This gentle flower, fertility was her power 
 Sweet persona, Venus Flytrap primadonna 
 Que sera que sera she turned dinero to dinera 
 (Wyclef responds to singing again) 
 Guantanamera 
 Hey yo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar 
 Guajira Guantanamera 
 Hey yo... I think she's eyein me from afar 
 Guan-tana-mera... 
 Guajira Guan-tana-mera...