However you want it, you don't want it, 'cause when you get it it hurts 
 Your body carried out the church 
 Mom, she be cryin holdin' on to her purse sayin'... (oh my baby!) 
 They shoulda took me first 
 However you want it, you don't want it, 'cause when you get it it hurts 
 Your body carried out the church 
 Mom, she be cryin holdin' on to her purse sayin'... (oh...) 
 Aiyyo 
 What y'all thought I was too busy writin songs with Whitney Houston 
 'Cause *My Love's your Love* will be my slugs wit blood 
 For any thug that wanna bang and play orangutang 
 Find yourself in the river with the rest of them 
 Wake up, wake up, I'm in a nightmare dream 
 Where I found myself loadin magazines after magazines 
 Ski mask on my face, gun on my waist 
 Fine pens shakin in my hand as I write this next line 
 You look strange, shootin victims at close range 
 And saw his vein burst from his neck, as I snatched his chain 
 Is this a Bible, I used to read the Gospel 
 Until I got betrayed by one of my twelve disciples 
 Which one, look through the crowd son 
 You could spot the traitor wit a tatto on his arm 
 The symbol is a microphone, an intellectual 
 A wannabe Rakim, but too extraterrestrial 
 I heard he's lethal and I'm too rusty to battle him 
 Me being rusty is like Biggie not being *Born Again* 
 It never happen, watch who you call fam 
 On MTV, he painted himself as the tin man 
 Predicted platinum, way before it happened 
 So that's why when you ship gold, you only sold aluminum 
 And now you wanna tell everybody I messed up your record? 
 C'mon! 
 You a thug? You ain't a murderer, just an undercover caligula 
 'Cause when you saw the luger became silent like Caesar 
 Enough of this rap stuff, Sedeck take his watch 
 If I wasn't rappin', I'd take that stash in your left socks 
 Don't make me raise my voice 'cause I'm masterin a coo 
 So, and besides when they find you you'll be bones 
 Mom say watch my peers, hangin' like chandeliers 
 Orderin Don P, you couldn't pay for one beer 
 Perpetratin, a fraud, oh god, you ain't hard 
 Take thirty of y'all to murder one kid on the boulevard 
 You want Wyclef Jean, bring your same thug guys 
 Here's my advice, leave the ring with your bride 
 'Cause you ain't comin' back no more 
 We gon send you to a vacation for two, with crabs on the seashore 
 You freeze up, hold up I really thought you was psychotic 
 Is that tears in your eyes? You cryin for your life 
 Kid you tellin' me what you did, you didn't wanna do 
 Watch what you say on record 'cause it might come true 
 Should I take them? Should I wait? 
 Should I take them? Should I wait? 
 Should I take them? Should I wait? 
 I say *No Woman, No Cry* like I should own a piece of the estate 
 But at the tribute they didn't invite me 
 So I put in a call to Halis Alassi 
 He said be easy, ain't no need to bust a shot (BLOW! BLOW! BLOW! BLOW!) 
 Like Supercat said, yo the ghetto's red hot 
 Before bling, bling, bling it was BLING, BLING, BLING!