Bring your ass, Pump the positivity. 
 From the people who brought you "Nappy Heads" in '94, "The Score" in '96, 
 (As Wyclef sings Mamacusa-mamacumucumusa) 
 Now WYCLEF presents "The Carnival", feel the excitement, taste the culture, know who you are... 
 Starring, Wyclef as 'Big Nigger'. 
 (Wyclef) 
 Biggggggggggg Niggaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa... 
 Featurin' Lauryn Hill as MOM OF THE BEAT? 
 (Lauryn Hill) 
 This wig ain't gonna cut it. 
 Also Prakazrel as Haitian Harry. 
 (Pras) 
 Yard mon harry, Yard bomba-clot mon harry 
 John Forte as Trey-wud 
 (Forte) 
 And he just kept fondlin' me right there. 
 Melky Sedeck as House Nigger 
 (Melky) 
 Y'all get off from 'round there! 
 Courtroom 
 (Guard) 
 All rise for the Honorable Judge Bartholomew Holda-niggadown 
 (Hmm) 
 The 3d, federal case #B3946006 
 The US Government VS. The efforts of He'cliff 
 (Wyclef!) 
 Yeah, yeah, you know what I am talking about, whatever! 
 (Prosecutor) 
 Yeah, your honor, here today the DA's office 
 Proved to the jury beyond a reasonable doubt 
 That this son-of-a-bitch here is not only a player, 
 He's a definite bad influence and is capable of inciting MANY riots, 
 Your honor! He's a god-damn revolutionary. 
 (Defense lawyer--Haitian) 
 HAy-yo, your Honor! 
 This case is pure bishop, ok!? 
 This is a waste of taxpayers money, an' waste of your time. 
 I'll prove to you of without a'chateau (shadow) of a doubt... 
 (Prosecutor) 
 Jesus! 
 (Defense) 
 ...That my clientele is innocent! 
 (Prosecutor) 
 Yeah, wha-whatever, your Honor, 
 I not only have tapes of him, incriminating his god-damn self... 
 But I got witnesses of diverse ethnic backgrounds who will testify today... 
 (Defense) 
 Today??? 
 (Prosecutor) 
 TODAY! That Wyclef is NOT innocent, your Honor.(pas possible!) 
 Hand me the tape. 
 (Prosecutor's helper) 
 Your Honor, I'd like to enter this as Exhibit A. 
 (Prosecutor) 
 Play the tape! 
 (Las Vegas Announcer) 
 Ladies and Gentlemen! 
 (Wyclef) 
 Right about now, 
 If you drivin' in your car you stuck in traffic, 
 I beg you turn off your radio, 
 We are not stopping for no red lights tonight, 
 Blow your horns, 
 Close the bar down 'cause we are coming to drive you, 
 Ladies, we beg you--hide your purses! 
 Soldiers, lighters in on the air tonight, 
 YES MAN, Arrival of the Carnival, NEW BEATS WE NEVER RECYCLE! 
 Big up more like Wyclef, more like Prakazrell a.k.a. Dirty Josh, 
 More like John Forte, L Joogie, more like Jerry Wonder, 
 Inspectah Lauryn... 
 Soldiers, lighters in on the air, we are not stopping for no red light tonight, 
 There is no guest list TONIGHT...