(The Rock) 
 Yo this is the Rock kicking it with the Refugee camp 
 And you're bout to smell what the Rock is cooking 
 (Wyclef Jean) (The Rock) 
 Yo this is strictly a club record 
 Dedicated to everybody who used to stand outside in the cold 
 When the FLEX was spinning at the Red Zone 
 Putting it down 
 And the tired bouncers would not let me in 
 Know what I'm saying? 
 Yo, yo, yo, yo 
 I got fifty Bentley's in the West Indies 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 I got a pocket full of G's and a garden full of trees 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 I just won the bingo bought a crib in Rio 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 'Cause if you ain't sharing, people ain't caring 
 Come up in the hood and take everything you're wearing 
 Back in the days it was all about the clubs 
 And the so-called thugs used to dance the break for love 
 The girls, they wouldn't say HEY! 
 Unless you bought 'em champagne like it was their birthday 
 Me I used to stand outside, 
 Hustle my way in 
 I'm on the guest list plus five! 
 Who's performing tonight? 
 He said Shabba 
 Mister Lover that be needy and selective 
 (Someone jump the Rock's up in here) 
 Disrespect MC's and catch a smack in your left ear 
 Light up like Vegas when its time to gamble 
 Girls scream for me like I was part of the Beatles 
 But I'm not honey 
 But I could be your Paul McCartney 
 An ebony or ivory into my Jacuzzi 
 Foundation like Kool Herc as DJ Red Alert go berserk 
 The needle ain't skip the record jerked 
 Cause y'all jumpin' too hard 
 (Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) 
 (Wyclef) (The Rock) 
 I got fifty Bentley's in the West Indies 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 I got a pocket full of G's and a garden full of trees 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 What? I just won the bingo bought a crib in Rio 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 Yo 'cause if you ain't sharing, people ain't caring 
 Come up in the hood and take everything you're wearing 
 Yo Rock I just bought a fresh Bentley 
 (It doesn't matter if you just bought a fresh Bentley) 
 (Wyclef) (Melky Sedeck) 
 How many of y'all ever been to a barbecue 
 And you always got honour Uncle that wanna show you 
 How all the dances go 
 And they start it off like this 
 Electric side on the dance floor 
 Freaky-deaky like Studio 54 
 GIRLS! Until the IRS raids it 
 Drug money get converted into music 
 The dope man becomes an entertainer 
 Leave that crack alone! 
 I told the customers 
 I'm into bigger and better things Mr. Fiend 
 You want a hit? 
 Give me a guitar and a drum machine 
 And the crowd will scream loud when the bass thump 
 I can smell it in the air, the smell of skunk 
 Excuse me I gotta cough 
 Girl you in so much ice you could freeze New York 
 You're man must really love you 
 What does he do for a living? 
 (He works on Wall Street he's only home two nights a week) 
 That's when she said a little too much conversation 
 I think she want to indulge in lyrical masturbation 
 So I proceeded with the compensation, I said 
 Can I offer you a glass of Merlot Mrs. No Name? 
 (Let's get it straight huh, my name's Veronica) 
 She had the ass the size of South America 
 She said ain't you that kid that sing Guantanamera 
 Way before Ricky Martin started Livin' La Vida Loca 
 What hood you come from? 
 I was raised and remembered for my studies in Jeruselem 
 The New Jerusalem yeah that's short for New Jersey 
 Checked my watch it was a quarter to three 
 Slid to her crib when we opened the door 
 Her man was on the bottle waiting for her with the 44 
 (Wyclef) (The Rock) 
 Now what it look like, it ain't really that 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 So he cocked the gat at my top hat 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 Are you crazy? You was married! 
 (It doesn't matter) 
 'Cause if you ain't sharing, people ain't caring 
 Come up in your hood and take everything you're wearing 
 Yeah that's when shorty walked up to her man 
 And she said I gotta go I can't be here no more 
 And she said this 
 (Melky Sedeck) 
 Take me home, to the place 
 I belong at the Refugee Camp 
 And the Booga basement 
 That's where I live, oh 
 Come on 
 Yo Rock man, I sold like seventeen million records 
 (It doesn't matter how many records you've sold) 
 All right I'm with'yo check it out 
 You wanna go get diamond rings 
 (It doesn't matter if the Rock wants to go get diamond rings or not) 
 Man listen, listen 
 I just got two new Grammy's man 
 (It doesn't matter about your Grammy's) 
 It doesn't matter'