(Feat. Havoc) 
 Respect to the ol' timers man! (yeah!) 
 Word up! 
 And the younglings man those to come, ya heard? (uh-huh!) 
 Gangsters don't die (nah!) we just turn to "Legends" (yeah!) 
 All we go through is hell, what the fuck is a heaven? (fuck is the heaven?!) 
 We live fast and store death long as possible (that's right!) 
 Get our cash and put threats in the hospital. [x2] 
 Young P! - When I was thirteen I had dreams 
 To do what LL did and Run DMC! 
 Dirty ol' fuck! - Learnin' how to aim my pee 
 Older niggaz in the hood use to try to thug me. 
 Till Pops gave me a knife, told me to handle my thangs 
 And if not, when I came back - he would handle me. 
 I put my first 'lil bit of fear into niggaz I was gas 
 Started hangin' with the others that was on the same shit. (whattup dog?) 
 Had my first taste of gun fire early in my years 
 Gang fights, we was jumpin' niggaz, we was just kids. 
 Takin' coats off victims, watches off people's wrist 
 Shootin' in the air (pop, pop!) part of tryin' to aimin' for your head. 
 And us young bloods and 'lil young gunz from back then 
 Grew up to be Raps most Infamous Clique. (uuuuh-ooh!) 
 Most thugs we grew up with proud of we did it 
 And naturally you got others that wanna see us hit. [gun cocks and shot] 
 Capital P! When I was thirteen I had dreams 
 Now I'm all grown up and livin' out my dreams. 
 And my Pops ain't here now that nigga deceased (R.I.P.!) 
 And that being said how you gon' son me? 
 Niggaz bodied JMJ right there in Queens 
 Goes to show there's no respect for the ol' G's. 
 Niggaz talkin' real tough - like I'm N-E-X-T! 
 Like I give a fuck about shootin' up your peeps. (blat, blat!) 
 About gettin' hit - I'm about to show you niggaz how to bleed 
 Got guns in different states - you can't catch me sleep. 
 Put bullets in your hearts - bullets all up in the meat (blat!) 
 It's right behind your forehead's (blat!) bone you plead G's (blat!) 
 When it's on and poppin' - you be beggin' I stop it 
 You be beggin' for your life, 'fore that head shot stop it. 
 Rappers lovin' my spit! - Fans lovin' my shit 
 Indeed you got those that wanna see me hit. [gun cocks and shot] 
 Ki'ed up nigga! 
 I see you, bitch ass niggaz! 
 You heard? 
 Lil' kids-ass niggaz... fucked up! 
 Tools and shit... (what else?) rest of the ladies stole that. 
 They be hittin' you with the electric shit choppin' you back nigga! 
 You better calm down nigga! 
 Y'all broke niggaz need to give it up! Word up! 
 This is gangs-transfusion and shit! 
 World wide... 
 If I don't get ya, my thumb gon' get ya, be fucked up! 
 Real fucked up... punks! 
 Sample: 
 "Two old beef patties, special sauce, lettuce and cheese 
 Pickles and onions, on a sesame seed bun the big motherfucking Mac! " [machine gun shots]