Call me on a train to a place you can get, 
 Anything that you want, anything that you wish, 
 Is a place kept secret and no one ... 
 You just gotta know somebody, yow! 
 With me you're good to go, 
 Welcome to the next level, we are dream fulfill! 
 Dangerous... diamonds, pearls, precious stones and meadows, 
 ...Lay back on the beach, make back at the spa, 
 Lay back at the hotel suit with a ... smelly green... 
 Let's go crazy and call shopping just like that, 
 You're in a new benz, condoes in rome, 
 Egypt, paris, got you falling in love. 
 With all that is lavish, lifestyle living, 
 Five star resorts and private planes will change your whole vision! 
 Call me to a level where you gotta keep it to yourself, 
 Don't go and tell that I was sad when life is very easy, 
 And everything you wish is at your fingertips. 
 Girl, call me to a level where you gotta keep it to yourself 
 Don't go and tell that I was sad when life is very easy, 
 And everything you wish is at your fingertips. 
 With... and dior and d&g shades, 
 Now you see the world different, you try new things. 
 Thinking new thoughts, feeling new high, new buzz, 
 Forget what you used to love, 
 You get to a taste of power in twenty-four hours service. 
 No stress pending, just ... spending. 
 Figuring that out in vegas ville, 
 We don't care we lose, we like the atmosphere. 
 Let's try dubai and... brazil, 
 Scuba, jet sky, baby get you thrills! 
 In new york you can help me study ... 
 Take a ride through the balls if you want, 
 And make 'em more jelly, 
 ...Two coupons and a mac ... 
 We can buy the whole world and... to rent, 
 And buy the whole macy's 
 So we can look good doing it! 
 Call me to a level where you gotta keep it to yourself, 
 Don't go and tell that I was sad when life is very easy, 
 And everything you wish is at your fingertips. 
 Girl, call me to a level where you gotta keep it to yourself 
 Don't go and tell that I was sad when life is very easy, 
 And everything you wish is at your fingertips.