Yeah. y'all no what it is . its anudda 1 of dose . yes!Man its ya boy wiz khalifa man.let's do it . yo! uh 
 I'm kinda hot now money gettin' longer too. 
 Pressure by the cops now .&niqqas haten on ya do. 
 See I ain't step on no toes to get here. 
 This hard work . young'n gotta flow. the shit's clear. 
 But I see jealousy in they face when they eye me. 
 Love the lames want'n to trouble W-I-Z 
 Doesnt surprise me that some would dispise me 
 So I dip through stick move like ali. 
 I chose wisely . some say I'm an old soul. 
 A broke load of a young niqqa who flows gold. 
 And life to live it them punches but still the oor road 
 And skys the limit .dig it . I brung the whole globe. 
 But still I made it back . the new face of rap. 
 E figured out tha flow was coke. 
 Then we made it crack. not to hard to hard to pay attention and listen. 
 This for all my people. ghetto niqqas, women, &children. 
 -Chorus: now pay attention what I kick in ya year. youu might learn sumthn . brun sumthn. I'm from where you worth nuffn . unil you get out there &earn sumthn . and we allergic to that term frontin'. so if you get it legit look on the curb pumpin' . burn somethin'. we all strugglin'. in some way we all hustlen' to take nothin' and make somethin' . ya know .- 
 If its one thing I know well is how to get my grind on. 
 24/7 erfectin' to keep the rhymes strong. 
 Stackin' my paper. waitin' to get my shine on. 
 Hustlin' all day . wonderin' where the time gone. 
 I'm too quick on my feet. I ain't gettin' to sleep. 
 Rules to be made 
 Lose'n weight . I'm forgettin to eat. 
 And some say I'm livin' too fast slow down. 
 Tryna get my family plate big enouph to go 'round. 
 So I go hard . told y'all its goinq down. 
 A rap niqqa big enough to hold the town. 
 They wanna hold you down but gettin' them figures knew it was comin' though. 
 I can see the picture. you niggas can steal the youg'n flow. 
 Hater match the chips gettin' bigger comes with the territory 
 I'm just glad I'm able to tell my story. 
 To get to the top I learned from those there before me. 
 And when I'm on ima share my glory. 
 Look into my eyes and tell me what you see 
 A prospect with his mind set on what to be. 
 Alot of chronic smoke . yunq broad come puff wit me. 
 A attitude like y'all dudes can't fuck wit me. 
 Still I stay humble. 
 Focussed on my hustle. 
 Later forgettin it but everything got doubled 
 And my team got bubbled. 
 Anybody that seen our struggle got respect 'nah mean' for the youngen' cards. 
 Its more than just music. this more than death's music. 
 Its hood then let's do it. 
 The birds best. 
 Yes here in the flesh. 
 Smart to do it. talkin' ess. then lets prove it. 
 That's why my shit go hard. yours got less movement. 
 I'm on top of things. you busy droppin' names 
 On file. no physics can stop the flame. 
 Think of the lives. we can drop some change, 
 Let's do it ...