Don't you wanna rest that ass in this glass house. 
 Don't, don't you wanna rest that ass in this glass house. 
 Don't you wanna rest that ass in this glass house. 
 If you ain't suckin or fuckin' than get yo ass out. 
 Dash digital situation critical 
 Hate to make it so blatant baby 
 But I ain't playing 
 Maybe you got me confused 
 With one of them other dudes. 
 I ain't none of them. 
 Under they breath mumbling. 
 Scared to tell them hoes what it is. 
 You put yourself in that position. 
 I chill with all that baller fishing 
 You fucked around and you caught a shark. 
 Cold hard, tear your feelings apart. 
 I'm more focused on getting my rims powder-coated. 
 One of the dopest, I'm schedule one 
 You just ibuprofen, what is you smoking? 
 Them bogus growers, they got you choking 
 The options open, you can hide with them suckas 
 Or ride low and get higher than a motherfucka! 
 Straight stunting, sucka niggas I take from them. 
 They bitches that is, get up in the car with wiz 
 They know they gonna bake something, ain't frontin'. 
 Smoking it off the eighth onion 
 Get it twisted because you see me on your computer screen 
 Thinking because you got wireless you get as high as us 
 Bitches leaving they lame niggas to ride with us 
 Planes over everything in the fly we trust. 
 Just by the smell it's obvious 
 That my connect come from cali 
 I'm good long as the money piling up 
 All the while I'm just quick lane pimping 
 Big jane twisting 
 Walking how I talk it bitch that's Pittsburgh pimping. 
 Now I was candy coated, bendin corners 
 55th wheelin' made a killin' with the bumper grill nd' chandelier cellin', plush linen 
 Is you fucking, is you sucking 
 I was wondering 'cause if not 
 Don't be pushing on my buttons in my cutlass 
 Unless you cuttin'. Bitch I'm just saying 
 I ain't tricking is the reason that this porno flick playing 
 Trunk shaking knocking pictures off the wall 
 Southern maiden call, 808 mean no draws 
 You got friends, I fuck em' all 
 What you mean you ain't nasty 
 Why the fuck you came 
 Just imagine what you got to do to get up in my plane. 
 Mississippi pimp mouth piece frigid 
 Dolomite out of sight 
 Show you right, can you dig it, shawty?