Yeah... ten steps ahead of these niggas, that's y they fuck wit me instead of these niggas... fool, 
 Kush and orange juice nigga, I'm tryna use betta words... BEATCHH... germ on the boards, 
 This time around we want all the money, you niggas short changin, shit, show sumthin... 
 Champagne and e-z widers... presidential view 
 I keeps it real nothin' like you actors do joints I flick, 
 Bong raps I kicks all can't rips this off tag on your matress fool, 
 You rather b hi this that shit bitch now you in the presence of the fly 
 Luis cover my eyes 
 Not them 100 dollar ray bands fam these 675 
 Rap ass niggas tellin' you lies runnin' game sumthins money jus can't distguise 
 So y keepin' it g is where I keep my pride 
 You a lame smoke some good wit a a cuple of niggas who ride 
 Look fella 
 Trees yella and jus by the smell you can tell us cronic I smoke my pockets on mozzerella 
 Your bitch here twistin up like propellas 
 Got my paper rite now we like white boy here they way they jelous, 
 When we come we came to spend money we think it ain't nothin' that's why we get to cuffin 
 They hoes she comin' to drank and smoke some of this good dank then go back to my place don't ask you already know, 
 Ain't worried bout another nigga while I'm gettin' mine homie I ain't got the time, 
 Face in the clouds I'm feelin' like the time is on my side, 
 But they don't wanna see me fly... they don't wanna see meee flly... life is all I know, 
 Flick this weed and dro, grindin paid its toll, (oh, oh) now everywhere I go I fly, 
 Most of my bitches use and abuse these niggas callin 'em makin' 'em pay they dues 
 Spendin all your hard earned money on bags and shoes when all they need is kush and orange juice 
 Shit that's what I feed em, they download my songs watch my interviews and read em, 
 Treat her like you love her I fuck her once then I don't need her, 
 I'm playin' I keep a couple of those skinnies that I hit up anytime I'm in they city shorty, 
 I ain't on a sports team but ya nigga ballin, don't pick up my line less I see its money callin, 
 Jordan shorts by the pair and my sox is ralph lauren, and I got that dank from my nigga down new orleans, 
 Real as they come everyone of my niggas all in, 
 Niggas'll talk slick but me I'm gettin' to the paper 'cause they see us and act like they never hated 
 Where we come we came to spend money we think it ain't nothin' that's y we get to cuffin 
 They hoes she comin' to drank and smoke some of this good dank then go back to my place don't ask you already know, 
 Ain't worried bout another nigga while I'm gettin' mine homie I ain't got the time, 
 Face in the clouds I'm feelin' like the time is on my side, 
 But they don't wanna see me fly... they don't wanna see meee flly... life is all I know, 
 Flips this weed and dro, grindin paid its toll, now everywhere I go I fly, 
 ... Taylor gang in this bitch... e you a fool, big bags of kush, put a x in the middle, add the orange juice nigga...