Okay 
 Alotta girls be uh, thinkin' my songs about them 
 This one for you... (LOL) 
 Yeah... It's young Khalifa man. 
 And you know I be up on my blog shit 
 And I came home one night, 
 And I seen you 
 It was the best I ever had. (LOL) 
 And this is my song for you 
 And You 
 We all grown 
 I love it, shit 
 Okay 
 Always had a crush you, that you wouldn't even know was there 
 Let me introduce myself 
 They call me young khalifa man, (Okay) 
 Young khalifa man 
 Call me young khalifa man 
 Next time when you're home taking pictures, call me if you need a hand 
 I'll be everything you want, spend time alone and be your friend 
 Pick you up for lunch and shit 
 I'll prolly beat you to your crib 
 You gone have me doin' shit so solely off them snapshots 
 I'll lick you from head to toe, go down and eat the snack box 
 Came home from the studio, seen you with no T-shirt on 
 And Couldn't help to feel like this, 
 I hope that you don't take it wrong 
 Ain't seen you in person, so I figured I'd Just make a song 
 Anyone that feel the way I feel could prolly wanna sing along- 
 You look good with them jeans on 
 Wasn't for this, I'd never know you had them rings on 
 I don't know him 
 But who ever stole your mac 
 When I see him, imma pat him on the back 
 Cause baby you're my everything 
 You all I ever wanted 
 We can do it real big 
 Bigger than you ever done it 
 We can do it real big 
 Bigger than you ever done it (Bigger than you ever done it) 
 Okay- 
 'Cause she hold me down, every time I hit her up 
 When I get right I promise that we gone live it up 
 And when my day is gone, I look her picture up 
 And I say the same thing every single time- 
 When I think of you undressed, think of you undressed, 
 Think of you undressed, think of you undressed 
 You're the best I had. Best I ever had. Best I ever had. Best I ever had. Best I ever had. 
 When I think of you undressed 
 Future, sex, Love, I be on that Timberlake shit 
 I be there to download em, every time you take pics 
 Everything tatted, so they call me young Travis 
 We ain't gotta go to the shop, we already matchin' 
 Paper through the roof, but baby money ain't the topic 
 I could put it on you till you pray I never stop it 
 Go through everyday, just tryna get some shit accomplished 
 But I can't help to think about them pictures of you top--- less. 
 Like a nerd with no Mac Book, 
 Look how perrty that lil cat look. 
 I see them nine lives poking from the back 
 And I'm tryna kick the habit, but you got a nigga cracked hooked 
 (Yeah) 
 Just Know my album is a classic 
 And out of all the flix my favorite pic is when you grab it 
 Standing with no towel on, wish I was where you hand is 
 That ring up in your nipple, make a nigga think of marriage 
 Cause baby you're my everything 
 You all I ever wanted 
 We can do it real big 
 Bigger than you ever done it 
 Well... y'all prolly done it pretty big right about now but 
 I got more than money girl 
 'Cause she hold me down, every time I hit her up 
 When I get right I promise that we gone live it up 
 And when my day is gone, I look her picture up 
 And I say the same thing every single time- 
 When I think of you undressed, think of you undressed, 
 Think of you undressed, think of you undressed 
 You're the best I had. Best I ever had. Best I ever had. Best I ever had. 
 When I think of you undressed 
 Okay 
 Like I said, I hope y'all don't take this in a disrespectful way 
 This how I do 
 Young Taylor Gang- 
 (LOL) 
 Cassie, I ain't trippin' on that haircut either baby 
 We can go see Lary together 
 LOL 
 And Rhianna, We ain't gotta talk about what happened, I'm just worried 'bout me and you baby. 
 Yeah