Yeah. so I seen her from afar 
 I'm sayin' to her come over to the car 
 She like "You some kind of star" 
 I'm like :naw naw naw, chill chiil" 
 Nam sayin' that's that name. 
 I figure id put a little bit of this game all in her brain. 
 I told her I ain't gone hold you, damn sure ain't tryna control you, but ill mold ya. 
 She looked at me like she ain't believe me 
 So I figure I show ya 
 Said she never felt like this before 
 When I'm home we get it on. I'm on the road she miss the ball 
 And you thick for sure know how to work them hips right 
 Level with my swisher says I show her how to twist right 
 And when I gotta make moves she keeps her lips tight 
 Tell her that the money stacked so she let me get right 
 And that sex get good on them late nights 
 Nothin' but thumbs up like a hitch hike 
 Yes I'm the shit like 
 You ain't never heard of 
 And you know how I do 
 Act like you don't but now I learn ya 
 I'm talking about teaching ya 
 How about schoolin ya 
 Go and do your thang gimme brains, ill tutor ya 
 So many of them lames 
 A real niggas somethin' new to ya 
 Now your tellin' all your friends what I do to ya 
 But its cool ya know? I leave her spine broke 
 When I'm up inside, make her breath and hit a high note 
 Like... 
 Yeah, so I'm standin on the corner. 
 Shorty ride through. She pushed the whip like ya know? 
 Me and my nigga Wiz... blowing on that good I'm like... 
 We gotta stop shawty. See jump out... 
 And now I approach her 
 Like what's your name 
 You get the picture shorty I really like your frame 
 That coke bottle shape and them asian eyes 
 Your half black and half you ain't gotta tell the guys 
 Shit wonder why I approached her 
 I wanna get to know ya but I ain't tryin' to hold you 
 Back from all your dreams and high hopes 
 You smell that mami 
 Yeah that's real smoke 
 Listen I got plans too 
 You know how your man do 
 I'll get close before I try to cuff hands boo 
 Your for your latest shidd 
 Yeah that's my favorite 
 Room lit like vegas 
 He point like "pay them" 
 Mami ya body amazing 
 Lights off no cable 
 I found out she a mind freak like chris angels 
 Bendin over tables, giving her all she handles 
 I swear to god her room sounded like this damn sample 
 (Wiz Talkin') 
 Yesss, I seen my man Cad The Hustla over there on somethin' bad 
 I mean bad. So I mean, I finish rollin' up my weed 
 Hop out the car, I see a couple of little ones 
 Over there lookin' kind of lonely ya know 
 I'm sayin' not preferably one, she looking at me 
 I seen her smilin' and all that 
 Like she know who a nigga is 
 So you know what I do, I walk straight up to her like... 
 Ey ey shorty I just wanna talk to ya 
 Usually keep it moving but I had to stop for ya 
 And let you know any thing less than me is not for ya 
 No time to waste I got patience like a doctor do 
 And this may be a lot for you 
 So why don't you fall in 
 Hit some of this weed and soak it all in 
 Got game like the ball in 
 And we ballin goin' state to state call me rawlings 
 Look dawg I ain't tryna start nothing 
 She laughed and said that you kinda star or somethin' 
 I'm like nah I'm playin' with you ma I'm frontin 
 They call me young wiz 
 Get up in my car or somethin' 
 We could talk about your day why I'm cigar stuffin 
 Heres my phone give me a number that I can call or something 
 Get you back to your crib and have the walls jumpin' 
 Screamin at the top of your lungs like...