Yeah...[mumbling]...kid frankie! 
 I live life sucka free 
 That's why them niggas you be wit, talk down like they don't fuck wit me 
 I get money realistically 
 And the homies show me love 
 Groupies wanna leave tha club wit me 
 Ain't nothin' to a G 
 Let your hair blow in the breeze 
 Roll some bomb ass weed! 
 Get high, cruise at a jet speed 
 Do it like I do it for TV 
 675 damier LV's 
 7 somthing wit tax 
 And when I'm on the plane, got the carry on to match 
 Nigga that's fly shit 
 Trynna peep game lil homie just watch this 
 Champagne in my cockpit 
 Talkin' 'bout you got a man mommy just stop it 
 Please! 
 As we proceed to give you watchu need, to roll up our weed. 
 You out here talking it 
 I'm out here livin' it (out here livin' it) 
 Niggas know we doin' our thing 'cause we out here gettin' it (out here gettin' it) 
 But I rep the gang gang gang gang gang (gang gang) 
 Ain't nothin' changed (nothin' changed), still rep the gang (still rep the gang) 
 Okay 
 Self-made, been through what I been through... 
 So I know what I know 
 I write bomb rap songs, tell them bitches what I'm in to 
 So the hoes wanna roll 
 First class roll to another coast 
 Just to smoke kush 
 I know a nigga who grows 
 And that's on the real momma 
 If you tryna slide gotta bring one for Will 
 Just another day in the life 
 Nother plane 
 Nother night 
 Gettin' faded wit another nigga wife 
 Drinkin' hella champagne 
 Tanqueray wit the sprite 
 Then I'm up in the AM to catch another flight 
 Niggas reppin the gang 
 Simply because everything else lame 
 The fans want real niggas 
 Them hoes lookin' for change 
 I seen it all 
 Player in the game 
 First they bitin our flow 
 Now they jackin our slang 
 You out here talking it 
 I'm out here livin' it (out here livin' it) 
 Niggas know we doin' our thing 'cause we out here gettin' it (out here gettin' it) 
 But I rep the gang gang gang gang gang (gang gang) 
 Ain't nothin' changed (nothin' changed), still rep the gang (still rep the gang) 
 So incredible... Hahaha... If I do say so myself... My nigga germ, on the boards 
 Yeah he did that shit fool... Yeah! Hahaha... what up Will?... 
 Benji just got off that flight from vegas... Okay... 
 Taylor Gang, Over everything! Rostrum Records... 
 That's how the fuck we do shit! Yeah! Bitch! Smoke somethin'... 
 Kush and Orange Juice nigga... Can't forget that... Everything's Louis Vuitton on this...