Yeah! Its young Khalifa man, Currensy the hot spitta 
 Look in the mirror man ask yourself one thing hahahaha 
 How Fly yeah 
 (Wiz Khalifa) 
 Foot on the gas, I'm fast living picture me I ain't have no pot to piss in 
 Now I'm checking bags chief and hash with politicians helicopter pads some hoes 
 To get to know and hella zags, no tagss. I ain't one to brag but if you ain't trying to hear 
 About the money drugs and women then I ain't one to asskkk. Smoke so much that I'm 
 Going brain dead Hoes mad at me cause my phone off until my plane land. I tell her 
 Whoa!.. slow down baby the spitta with me its enough to go round lady, you drive by 
 I give her wings redbull and Jim buckets of a couple paper planes broadcasting my 
 Name over internet airwaves bitches hear me on twitter put my music on there 
 Myspace pagess. yeah! if you smoke then roll up and play this me and hot spitta 
 Come where the planes is 
 (Curren$y) 
 She said she wants to sip clicquot on my living room floor smoke weed hang with 
 Other famous people I know gain access to exculsive places I go lavesh and dangerous 
 Is the life I chose, but I wouldn't change it for nothing Sex, money and drugs wrong way 
 Sports cars and luggage better to be somebody for one day then to be a nobody for your 
 Whole life so fuck it! yeah get the cork out the bottle put the purp in the easy wider 
 Spitta in the house, hide your lighters I take em, a case I mistake them indented in 
 My bed for I couldn't swore I brought this one in with me in the cinnamion interior 9 10 to 
 Early 80's buy chevy with a great engine. high jacking your women you left her 
 Unattened Dr. jackle and Mr. Fly when I'm on that liqour the way of the samarui 
 I got my chi centered sharp as blades these bars I lay forever the player and 
 Never played I slay them bitches I never save, bomb ass trees they get blazed 
 Palm trees we use them for the shade, What else can I say I got it made 
 Like I had it built taylor gang or get killed. Yeah!