Yeah, yeah, around these parts I'm known as the youngest in charts 
 My ship bang off the trunk of your car 
 It's the cities know raps spiters send me blow clap n-ggers 
 Skin and bones for really know is fat n-gger 
 I know to chase the bus trying to get my paper over 
 In the studio writing rhymes to the paper crush 
 I'm not the type that you gonna call ... but I'm a hustler 
 It's all in my blood so ... with the cheese in a minute 
 My smooths kinda loose so I ease to the finish 
 I hop up in the coupe feel the breeze while I'm in it 
 Gonna smoke about to goof got my trees that I'm splitting 
 Younger got the game all locked, I'm on top, it's a shame you're not 
 You are lame, put your brain on pop 
 If you wet like the rain you drop, I'm going on top and I ain't gonna stop, n-gger, yeah 
 We drift deeper, life goes on, we drift deeper, drift deeper, we drift deeper in the zone life goes on 
 We drift deeper in the zone, feeling strong 
 Don't ...you know what you're dealing with o so in this simple flow so pillaging 
 My spit games like a foul fall pillage sh-t, no ...want but they don't go killing sh-t 
 Real a sh-t and your main right pick me, they try and hit me 
 Kick game like 50 cents, n-ggers wanna play games out quickly 
 More with the score that I ... hit me 
 And they want the kids still hurting, hundred n-ggers with hammers 
 Yeah, that's what I call a steel curtain 
 I had of my time to steal ... with a ... couple of mail work it 
 And I am from Pittsburgh with a cream and the eating is good 
 And the things do everything in the hood 
 Everything is like a war so my soldiers ... protecting the hood 
 And we getting the green like we should 
 We drift deeper, life goes on, we drift deeper, drift deeper, we drift deeper in the zone life goes on 
 We drift deeper in the zone, feeling strong 
 I'm from the home of the great, where they know for the ... 
 Where the money's stacking up, ... prom to your face, you can step out of line, n-gger, 
 Thrown in the place, that's what all my homies say, this wherever whenever 
 ...Flow so hard and I spit so sick, all the days fat n-ggers it's all ... can't be on a heaven 
 No no sh-t and that's wrote to the ... wherever whenver 
 We drift deeper, life goes on, we drift deeper, drift deeper, we drift deeper in the zone life goes on 
 We drift deeper in the zone, feeling strong.