Me and my niggas was in the cut like rubbin' alcohol 
 Shaded up with a girl or two, not a worry at all 
 I'm with them niggas in LA, that you know about, know about, from your girl 
 From the word of her mouth, I'm the only name that come out her mouth 
 To the South, Texas state, yeah that's where my family at 
 Deep up in the country homie where people be burnin' trash 
 Rollin' by, feelin' hella good, I been up in Inglewood 
 Since Paul Peirce went to Inglewood went from hood to hood 
 Love it there, taught me how to be a man 
 Hear them dudes rappin' 'bout it, but really they don't understand 
 I come from a little somethin' called the streets, taught me how to be a man 
 Hear them dudes rappin' 'bout it, but really they don't understand 
 Understand? 
 Girls come around, man they been tryna get it out me 
 Niggas in my face, they don't know nothin' about me 
 Most these niggas fake, I say loud I say it proudly 
 We got money to make, and we don't trust anybody, anybody 
 Said we don't trust anybody, anybody 
 I said high school, 11th grade, CDs in my back pack 
 However need it that, they got it, next time they come back, they on it 
 Most these chickens actin' on it, lovin' how I'm tappin' on it 
 Niggas hit me up, yeah they lovin' how I'm rappin' on it 
 Said I will attack a track, and this gone need a rappin' lawyer 
 Charged before assault, look at all this shit I bought 
 I'm always tryna floss, and when I get I'mma do it right 
 Straight shinin' on them lames, from the mornin' to the night 
 From the mornin' to the night, I take the air, takin' flight 
 Yeah that's that LA shit, youngest on they playlist 
 Jordans and the gold chain, Illmatic pumpin' 
 Nas did it first and now I'm 'bout to tell 'em somethin' 
 They all up in my face when I walk up in the function 
 Them girls wasn't dancin', but now they all jumpin' 
 I said Jordans and the gold chain, Illmatic pumpin' 
 Nas did it first and now I'm 'bout to tell 'em somethin', Veggies 
 Girls come around, man they been tryna get it out me 
 Niggas in my face, they don't know nothin' about me 
 Most these niggas fake, I say loud I say it proudly 
 We got money to make, and we don't trust anybody, anybody 
 Said we don't trust anybody, anybody 
 Hey girl, what's your name? Do you wanna suck a dick? 
 Who am I? Wolf Haley, yeah I'm known for punchin' bitches 
 In the fuckin' brain, do wanna give me some? 
 No you don't? Why you won't? Oh, you're a fuckin' nun 
 Didn't mean to offend, oh, you're a lesbian 
 So I'm guessin' you don't really like to put your trust in men? 
 Who do I trust? Um, heroine addicts and 
 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, yeah I can count on them 
 Who is him? Signed proof in a suit 
 Cream six panel cap with the green brim 
 It's box logo this, box logo that 
 Usually a caucausian, big swallow on the cat, oh snap 
 I am, spittin' like I got chippied tooth, I suppose that 
 Golf Wang nigga, know that or that can 
 Turn into some neck, gettin' snapped up properly 
 Tyler Creator and Casey Veggies, fuck brocolli 
 Yeah, DTA in this bitch 
 I don't trust nobody nigga 
 I mean, you can trust these niggas but 
 At the end, they fuckin' you, no homo 
 Swag (Casey Veggies nigga 
 Tyler the Creator, from '07 and to beyond)