Don't forget the bag, don't forget the bag. You know I'm getting cash, I won't forget the brag. Hah, lead off. 
 Been to Honda for rices. F and H, no license. Forty dollars for a box of bullets, life's cheap and priceless. And we're like this, we grind all day and work in the night shift. When the sinners they offer them end of them life and forgot not to mention the wife shit. Indictments is really frightening, there's niggas fighting for they freedom every day about speculation and hearsay. Got sick of making excuses, make reservations and get away. Like Mobb Deep, it's just me, too heat, solo creep. They taking photos cause there's no doughs on they photo. Gee, oh no, I swear I don't remember that bitch even though your hoe know me. Leave a break, develop in a bathtub, need a salt to sieze. All I need is one brick, I'm so low key. 
 Don't forget the bag when you niggas gon be shopping. Don't forget the, don't forget the duffle bag and bra tricks. All I need is one brick, so get with the shopping. All I need is one brick, sell that bitch for dirt cheep. [x2] 
 Niggas act tough on the internet. Gangsta niggas dropping on Craigslist. Niggas do it all for a download. Me I'm just trying to do the fair list. Niggas sell they soul for a worldstar beat. I'm in Miami with a base with a bitch so bad that you see on TV, but still got a plug with a bird's eye view. Got a hundred handles, that's priceless. I don't chrome with niggas, that's shysty. Two, two Cuban links, that's pricey. All I get is chicks like Nike. I can get the word for the dirt cheap. Riding down Jefferson four deep. Four f n's in a stash fright. Only Grey Goose nigga, you don't know me. Or you might do, or you might be, sale swiped up, shit I might be. I don't really know. I made ten million dollars off a dope floor, from a drug hit. Own my whole to a paraidge watch. Work my whole life for a Rolex watch. Bra-brand new Phantom and the top gon drop. Just a lot of money but them home go back. 
 Don't forget the bag when you niggas gon be shopping. Don't forget the, don't forget the duffle bag and bra tricks. All I need is one brick, so get with the shopping. All I need is one brick, sell that bitch for dirt cheep. [x2]