(Desiigner) 
 Make sure you put the autotune on 
 Yeah, yeah 
 Murda on the beat so it's not nice 
 (Yo Gotti) 
 If I could talk to god like a real nigga one on one, I'd tell him 
 Need my homeboys back, and a couple niggas that's jailin' 
 Couple niggas convicted felons 
 I like the church but I don't trust the reverend 
 Soul been absent in my presence 
 And am I wrong if I bring my weapon? 
 Yeah, I said my prayers, I got my blessings 
 I'm still stressing so I'm finessing 
 Ain't holding back, these my confessions 
 If I could talk to god like a real nigga one on one, I'd ask him 
 I see my career goin' to the next level but my mind goin' backwards 
 I can't shake the street shit, still on the beef shit 
 Every time I try to do the right thing niggas think I'm on some sweet shit 
 Then I had to get them choppers out again 
 I tried to retire Lord 
 Forgive me for my sins, once and once again 
 Somebody got to die, Lord 
 I'm like why Lord? 
 They think I'm blood, they think I'm vice Lord 
 I'm overthinking shit 'cause I'm paranoid like my homeboys 
 Is they right Lord? Is they foul Lord? 
 Real shit I'll take 'em out Lord 
 (YFN Lucci) 
 If I could talk to god one on one like a real nigga I'd say 
 Lord will you please keep me far away from the fake? 
 Lord, can you teach me? please show me the way 
 Lord, can you teach me? please show me the way, yeah 
 (Yo Gotti) 
 Lil Dora seen me with a strap, ask me, daddy, what is that? 
 Lil son asked me 'bout Cecil, told him he ain't coming back 
 My bitch came in, asked me why we had to buy a bulletproof 
 Told 'em gangster baby, one thing about it is I ain't bulletproof 
 Never hire security 'cause I don't know what they gon' do or not 
 Wondering is they gon' shoot or not 
 Interview like how many niggas you done shot? 
 Old lady in the neighborhood said I'm the devil, she a damn liar 
 See me bustin' that fire, tryna protect the guys from the other side 
 Man I love these lil niggas like these my brothers 
 If any niggas come and touch 'em, I swear to god it'll crush 'em 
 I can't let that happen, 'fore I ever started rappin' 
 All that shit I be talking about, I was doin' that shit in the hood 
 With all the niggas I be talkin' 'bout 
 If I could talk to god like a real nigga, ask him please give me back Cecil 
 Please give me Big G and Poochy, then Pinot 
 Shit hurt Lord, I ain't over 'em 
 When the tears come it be pourin' 
 I know this rap shit my blessin' when I ain't in the hood shit be gettin' borin' 
 I'm so used to hustlin', I'm so used to thuggin', I don't know how to ignore it 
 Grab all my chains, hop in the Lambo and just floor it, vroom 
 (YFN Lucci) 
 If I could talk to god one on one like a real nigga I'd say 
 Lord will you please keep me far away from the fake? 
 Lord, can you teach me? please show me the way 
 Lord, can you teach me? please show me the way, yeah 
 (Meek Mill) 
 I used to pray to god to get a million dollars and a Bentley truck 
 When I was dead broke I didn't have a dollar and I didn't give a fuck 
 I done ran off on the plug twice, he ain't pickin' up 
 When we run into 'em when we put it to 'em like give it up 
 Run it, my nigga, we so one hundred my nigga, it's only a few of us 
 Talkin' to god, just tryna decide if life really meant for the two of us 
 'Cause niggas is shady, I tuck the three-eighty 
 You thought I was slippin', I tore him up 
 Snap on that nigga, no warm up 
 I got the A and I pour it up 
 Touchin' your city, no tour bus 
 Diamonds they drippin' like water 
 Have it your way like it's Burger King 
 Nigga can I take your order? 
 We sellin' work like it's Medellin 
 I'm turnin' three in the four-door 
 Watch for the D's and the tourists 
 Prayin' we never get caught up, god bless 
 (YFN Lucci) 
 If I could talk to god one on one like a real nigga I'd say 
 Lord will you please keep me far away from the fake? 
 Lord, can you teach me? please show me the way 
 Lord, can you teach me? please show me the way, yeah