I call it thirst trap, shawty, oh! 
 And you know, they say it's a man's job to respect a woman 
 For me personal I feel like a woman supposed to give a man something for a man to respect 
 I ain't wrong for thinking that as I am wrong for thinking this! 
 On me to buy you a bag, but is you worthy? 
 Nah, I ain't perfect! 
 And I just followed you on Instagram 
 Are you really into women and that you get around? 
 Now I ain't judging, I'm just asking if that's fair to say 
 But either way, it's my opinion, you know give or take! 
 I told this model chick, 
 The girls look up to you and the things you do 
 Every nigga you work with, you're screwing, 
 So you know she will love you, you know she don't do it, she like 
 You don't know me, you don't pay my bills 
 You don't know my struggle, 
 Like this she real, but it is what it is 
 But I know you lying, I know what's real 
 I know your worth, I know that purse 
 Ten bandz, Shawty! 
 You can't pay your bills, you're' 
 I will give you the respect that you earn, that you earn 
 What you make me do, that's what I'm gonna do to you! 
 And I'm gonna give you the respect that you earn, that you earn 
 Oh, what you make me do, that's what I'm gonna do 
 Give you the respect you earn, that you earn! 
 Uh, I kiss on your neck 
 Do you wanna get out of this? 
 Would you feel disrespected 
 If I said you fat as shit? 
 Wow, if I called you my bitch 
 When I'm with my partners eating? 
 As a badge of honor or just be like no Wale 
 Don't call me out at my momma's given. 
 Name sacred, she whispers mine when I'm in her thighs 
 And I leave her inner feelings, 'cause I never leave her dry! 
 Some ill advice, lying to her is ill advised 
 She know these Jones on my John, but I still give her time. 
 I try follow her, everybody want her 
 Worried about none if she gonna work that body! 
 And I unfollow her, though my eyes still on her' 
 I'm still caught up, call her thirst trap shawty 
 I will give you the respect that you earn, that you earn 
 What you make me do, that's what I'm gonna do to you! 
 Girl, I'm gonna give you the respect that you earn, that you earn 
 Oh, what you make me do, that's what I'm gonna do 
 Give you the respect you earn, that you earn! 
 She lives for the night life, and that's all right 
 But she wants to be treated like somebody's wife. 
 But you can't be table hopping in a club trying to drink free 
 Girl, come up to my table trying to stand next to me! 
 Oh no, oh no, oh no 
 Girl, I'm gonna give you the respect that you earn, that you earn 
 What you make me do, that's what I'm gonna do 
 Girl, I'm gonna give you the respect that you earn, that you earn 
 What you make me do, that's what I'm gonna do 
 Give you the respect that you earn, that you earn 
 What you make me do, that's what I'm gonna do 
 And I'm gonna give you the respect that you earn, that you earn 
 What you make me do, that's what I'm gonna do 
 Give you the respect you earn!