If I should die for our way 
 I pray the streets my world to take 
 Divide throughout the unfortunate 
 Give my jewelery to the most respected 
 My car to the one that's giving my guns to the gunners 
 You know what I'm saying 
 Cocaine thoughts, fish scale visions 
 Pray the Lord forgive a nigga, streets is my religion 
 Amen (amen), amen (amen) 
 Can I hear hood niggas scream amen 
 This my testimony, testimony 
 My testimony, testimony 
 This my testimony, testimony 
 My testimony, testimony 
 Amen (amen), amen (amen) 
 Can I hear hood niggas scream amen 
 See I'm a different type of nigga, I'm on that different shit 
 Every day I wake up, I want a different bitch 
 I don't want the whip plain, I want the kit on it 
 Talking rims so big, they can feed on it 
 I just bought a different watch, and another chain 
 Fuck around and call my bitch another name 
 Got confession to make, you hoes look the same 
 And I'm so full of that liquor, it oughta be a shame 
 Say the rap game changed, alot of niggas stressin' 
 But between me and you, nigga that's a blessin' 
 Fake niggas come up, real niggas suffer 
 Record labels fuckin' niggas, that's why I don't trust 'em 
 This my testimony (my testimony), I made it true to see 
 Hope the Lord forgive a nigga, streets is my religion 
 Now I can get a amen, or can you bless a nigga with a thousand eight grams 
 Man I'm in my hood, slangin' that white 
 Shirt on right, no ? on sight 
 Hundred I shoot, hundred I hit, 
 Five hundred ? nigga this my life 
 Yo Gotti don't shit round me but my money get high 
 If it's crap in the room, and it ain't a real goon 
 Then you know soon that it ain't my guy 
 Fifteen, sixteen, seventeen five 
 Anything else, way too high 
 Gucci, Louis that's all I buy 
 Way to high, need to come down 
 Need a... 
 Don't know me, don't know you 
 ...My hood, so don't come around. 
 I'mma tell you like a nigger told me 
 ...Might be OG 
 That being said, that being told 
 That's the first nigger in front of me, a whole key 
 ...Put it in my hand, 'cause he know I wanna plan 
 ...He had to shoot me 
 My testimony, my testimony, my testimony! 
 My testimony, my testimony, my testimony! 
 Yeah, I hear... inside the kitchen saying 
 ...Why took 'em bitches 
 ...Full of money... but I kept the chopper 
 ...Cha cha cha ain't no stopping me! 
 Acting crazy, yes I am, nobody need to pray for me 
 ? I know they got a place for me 
 You know how these game goes 
 This ? and they don't need to take my crown