Listen you fuckers, you screwheads 
 Here's a man who won't take it anymore 
 A man who stood up against 
 The scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth, the shit 
 Here is some one who stood up 
 Here is... 
 Yeah! Hennessy for everyone music proudly presents 
 Xzibit, movin at the speed of life 
 Yeah! check it 
 Verse One: 
 It took a long time comin' but we waited 
 Xzibit went from underated 
 To now most anticipaded 
 Never would have thought that I would rock your set 
 And get love and respect without no special effects 
 Only the rugged ruff shit that the hard rock need 
 Lyrics must contain more then just clothes bitches and weed 
 Thinkin' how you like to see the next man bleed 
 Tryin' to glority greed 
 Livin' life at ridiculuos speed 
 Indeed, The main goal to achieve, is to succeed 
 Have it laid out for your seed 
 But the world gets colder every day by day 
 Physically, mentally gettin' drained by L.A. 
 Trying to find piece of mind 
 Is like trying to find a gold mine 
 It just wont happen 
 No time for relaxin 
 Real soldiers of fortune 
 The front line of the action 
 So never show a nigga what you packin' 
 "You know what I'm sayin'?" 
 It's too much weight to be juggling 
 Who do you picture when you think about struggling 
 Kids in the bed, no food stomach bubblin 
 Niggas in the E-class heavy drug smugglin 
 Movin... yeah! 
 Yes movin... 
 At the speed of life 
 Verse Two: 
 And plus I feel that no style is darker than mine 
 There was a time it was all about beats and rhymes 
 But nowadays the blind just follow the blind 
 And when I die, 
 Niggas still recite these lines 
 To rock the heads, waterbeds citys and towns 
 Bringin' strength to the masses that be holdin' it down 
 The underground, to upper echelon and beyond 
 Xzibit rock and roll the streets like a vagabond 
 Nigga wanna trip you gettin' dissed like a blond bitch 
 Mackin to Farrakhan, I run game like a marathon 
 It's here today then tomorrow it's gone 
 It's the law of the land 
 A straight modern day babylon! 
 Movin... yeah! yeah! like this 
 Like this... at the speed of life 
 Ah! Bring it live, yeah! 
 Verse Three: 
 Xzibit lookin' at the earth through wide angles 
 I found a stairway to heaven in a city of lost angels 
 Where small situations turn to altercation 
 With a heavy ass price 
 'Cause niggas don't fight no more 
 Before hip hop was all about drama 
 Anything for a dollar before Kane fucked Madona 
 Xzibit maintain and stayed bent like a comma 
 Just me and my bottle 
 We shall lead not follow 
 Emcees be full of shit 
 But they style be hollow 
 It seems you've bitin off more 
 Than you can possibly swallow 
 Just a day in the life of a man named X 
 Only blunt and latex for the opposite sex 
 You see niggas comin' through to smoke and pay respect 
 Ever since fifteen, I been ready for anything 
 Whatever they bring in any shape, form or fashion 
 I live to the fullest and rip rhyme with a passion 
 But in the mean while if worse comes to worst 
 Bust a round or bust a verse whatever comes first 
 Yeah, we got it locked down tight 
 Xzibit bring truth to the light 
 Shit is movin at the speed of life 
 Movin... 
 At the speed of life