(Feat. M.O.P.) 
 Yeah! AOWWW, AOWWW! 
 C'mon! Yeah, yeah (yeah) yeah, yeah 
 M.O.P.! Uh (X to the Z) 
 Yeah baby, that's right, you know how we do it 
 One time, X, where you at my nigga? 
 Fiyah! 
 (Xzibit) 
 I spread the hate, like Taliban records and tapes 
 Shoot five times to the sky, gimme some space 
 I got y'all, runnin' in place, cut to the heart of the subject 
 (MASH OUT NIGGAZ!) Straight from the gutter you love it 
 Ain't nothin' above it, we stomp y'all religiously 
 Watchin paper thugs tryin' to hide behind the industry 
 From here to infinity, love thy enemy 
 Niggaz got the knowledge but don't know the chemistry 
 All inside your baseball hat and kneecaps 
 With baseball bats ('TIL FAME HIT YOU WITH THE MINI-MAC) 
 Full body black fatigues, lungs black from weed 
 In black limo tinted SUV's with Bill 
 (Billy Danze) 
 STILL (still) WORLD (world) FAMOUS 
 The underdogs of rap, back to claim this, the fact remain we're 
 Heartless and painless, it's dangerous to strangers 
 That try to change us, knowin' we're anxious to flame 'em 
 (Chorus 2X: Xzibit + M.O.P.) 
 (X) Huh, you want problems I'ma bring 'em to you 
 (B) We cockin them thangs 
 (X) Yeah, I got a song let me sing it to you 
 (B) We ready to bang 
 (X) Yeah, you talk impressive, you don't mean it do you? 
 (B) Watch where you aim 
 (F) Get lost in the game, get tossed in the flames, nigga 
 (Billy Danze) 
 You must wanna throw the towel in holmes, it's your man B.D. 
 From N.Y.C., the N.Y.G. (IT'S) 
 M.O.P., and X to the Z 
 Is a friend of our family (Yeah MY NIGGA) 
 For you, counterfeit, wannabe hardcore players 
 I rub you under your face with single-edged razors 
 Cold street INTELLIGENCE, O.G.'s and REBEL MEN 
 Grip quick, cock squeeze and LEVEL MEN to SETTLE IT 
 (From L.A. to) B.K., from B.K. to (L.A.) 
 Persistant and insistant on doin' it our way 
 Do you really wanna fuck with Danze? (c'mon) 
 When he comin' with them thugs in the van 
 Double clutch in his hands, my nigga 
 (Lil' Fame) 
 Make the world flame! Face the Fame-ster, part, Fame-ster 
 Y'all niggaz akin to God and gangsters 
 (YOU SEE IT!) It's the M dot, to the O dot, to the P 
 With X to the Z hot, what's happenin'? 
 (Interlude 2X: Xzibit) 
 Hunt down, hurt, hang and hate the hater 
 Watch how you rise, fall and thank me later 
 Look in my eyes, I should not have to say it 
 Look alive, these streets is complicated 
 (Lil' Fame) 
 AOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW! You got problems with us? Start poppin' 
 I get in yo' chest like anthrax, vaccine couldn't stop it 
 Let's move on 'em (aoww) must move on 'em 
 Rush in, gun-bustin', black seven plus tools on 'em 
 Never snooze on 'em, I'm short, haven't got room for 'em 
 I send you to God with no shoes 
 CLUELESS! Real G's run this, we rule this 
 If you wanna get into some gangsta shit, let's do this 
 (YES SIR!) No question, no half-steppin 
 Streets is my profession, heat in my possession 
 Hollow-tips is the answer; look around you see the signs 
 Say "NO SMOKIN" but our guns got cancer! 
 (Xzibit) 
 Yeah 'cause I'm not (I'm not) what you thought I was 
 Like my career was gon' fade like a fuckin' buzz 
 Raise the stakes high, I solidify 
 The grip that I keep on shit, GET OFF MY DICK! 
 {*Random ad libs to fade*}