"The first up on the mic, is my homeboy xzibit *echoes*" 
 Verse one: xzibit 
 If it wasn't for the west 
 These rap niggaz wouldn't need a vest around they chest 
 Keeping bustin' about, where you at? and what you owe, and what you drive? 
 So the day some niggaz come for you I'm really not surprised 
 Mr. black bruce willis 
 Please don't kill us 
 I show mercy like kevorkian 
 Like a scorpion 
 I sting you from behind and put it in you 
 Meet me at the venue, put you on the spot to put you on the menu 
 It's the MC, I be the one that keeps the bitches hot 
 Xzibit living life, like a ball inside a ? riders slot? 
 Dripping everything cause you ain't even got a dime to drop 
 Go ahead and call the cops; you ain't did nothing 
 Jerry spring you out the studio, me and suge knight into the parking lot 
 Niggaz ain't ready for all the shit I've got 
 Look at yourself crushing xzibit with your tough talk 
 That's like christopher reeves doing a crip walk 
 Cali kings is fresh out the box 
 Yeah, straight up, night on the rocks 
 *Repeat* 
 Verse two: likwit 
 Knock your songs 
 Is defendin minor foes 
 Every squeeze I let a minute 
 ? To freeze and stay cold? 
 I prepare to blast hoes 
 'Cause they say these flows is lethal 
 I'm peepin through my peephole 
 They sneekin up on me though 
 Rico got a pistol, nasa got a missile 
 Likwit got too drunk so now the party is official 
 I bounce until the end and still set it with bad credit 
 Got a wack-ass record deal but I signed before I read it 
 But don't regret it, everything is so pathetic 
 When the water's gettin' deep you can drown or you can tread it 
 I battle with finesse, like my niggaz giving quest 
 In these ? ? ? we got props, we taking less 
 So, don't touch that stereo 
 Or your people will becoming to your burry, yo 
 The ever sorry yo can blast, I'm here to blow it through the roof 
 I snatch the money and the hoes and disappear like boo! *echoes* 
 Verse three: baka boy 
 Yo it's the ? ? with baka boys, rings and cali kings 
 I've never been the one for police but like sing 
 Every breath you take and every move I make 
 Shot heard around the world from the golden state 
 I'm off the ringer with mine, your jerry springer with yours 
 Your gettin' missed like a bitch and I can keep out your jaw 
 You hold your mop and run shop 
 Before I known to blow spots 
 Baka boys ain't no choice so blastin on your block 
 I hold it down in the crowd for cali kings 
 And john p. and no p, no sing-sing 
 Laser tape, my name shall be ? regularly great? 
 I buy no plate, green trees roll, into lock and gate 
 B-a-k-a-b-o-y 
 Who would believe baka boys with the four eyes? 
 And like primo and guru you know my steez 
 Big shot to the city in the valley, cali kings 
 Likwit crew coming through I pay due 
 Cali kings, cali kings