(Xzibit) 
 Listen to this, I'm just tryna do this for us 
 You know what I'm sayin', you scream at the top of your fucking lungs 
 Yeah, I'm just tryna do this hard work and get things good between us baby, yeah. 
 Look: Samantha, Loraine, Monica, Veronica- 
 Veronica, she treated my dick like a harmonica. 
 How you think I learned how to twist it and turn 
 Ya back until it's broke, make you feel it in your throat? 
 It was Pamela, Linda, Keisha, Nicole- 
 Had me fuckin' while I was drivin' on cruise control 
 Can't wait to get it home and teach it all to you 
 Look I'm just tryna be the best, I'm doin' it all for you. 
 You know that thing with the peanut butter? 
 My Brooklyn bitch said, "Fuck untyin' the ropes, 
 It's faster with a box cutter." 
 I know you love the way I'm diggin' you out 
 But always wanna fuckin' argue so let's figure this out; 
 I'm just tryna make you happy bitch- 
 Who's there for you anytime you get in the mood for suckin' a dick? 
 I took the time out to find out what ya like 
 You bust fifteen nuts, wanna get up and fight 
 So look: 
 You should thank all of the bitches that I have in my life 
 All the experience I'm gettin' got me fuckin' you right. 
 Never took time to see it and plus 
 All you thinkin' about is yourself, I'm thinkin' for us 
 You love the way I beat it down when I come in the house 
 And all in ya mouth, the bedroom, kitchen and couch 
 You should thank all of the bitches that I have in my life 
 All the experience I'm gettin' got me fuckin' you right. 
 (Xzibit) 
 It was Gina, Julie, Renee, Ty and Tammy- 
 Made me spend some extra days in Miami. 
 Candy, Trisha, Prescilla, Melissa- 
 Showed X to the Z it's better with three. 
 Who could fuck your arse better than me? (Pshh!) 
 I think not, hard knock the cock, welcome to my sweat shop 
 I pick locks made by NFL, NBA, NHL, fuck all day 
 Who could say I didn't do this shit 
 Unsatisfied bitches gotta go out and chase the dick 
 And that's just not the thing to do 
 So I learn new shit from the next bitch and teach it to you. 
 (Tray D) 
 Now don't you love it how I shove it, baby? (Hell yeah!) 
 When we be fuckin' and we thuggin', baby? (Hell yeah!) 
 The way I hit it when I pump it, baby? (Hell yeah!) 
 And don't I spit it when I bust it, baby? (Hell yeah!) 
 (Xzibit) 
 I insist that we fuckin' on videotape 
 Just in case a bitch lose face and try and call rape. 
 If you know somethin' that might excite up our late night 
 Got an open invite to lay us a pipe 
 Make ya head feel like your wet, warm and tight 
 I'll go from all night till the sun turn bright. 
 Two wrongs don't make it right bitch, no need to cheat. 
 ("Pussy just a piece of meat - another means to eat.") 
 Big Tray D told me that, as a matter of fact 
 You only tell me that you love me when you're flat on your back. 
 You wanna leave me now, bitch? My fuckin' feelings is hurt. 
 Why am I the only one that's tryna make this work? 
 (Tray D) 
 Now-now-now, hold on, hold on, hold on. 
 X to the Z... I B I T. 
 Let me just spit game for a minute at this lil' ol' piece of thing, man. 
 I mean it appears that you have yet to grasp the totality-of the provisions of pleasure-that we provide. 
 I mean there's an evident mis-overstanding of reciprocation taking place at this juncture. 
 I mean, we do this for you. I mean- boo to break it all down: we fuckin' more, so we can fuck you better. 
 I mean, it's a whole rotation thing that's takin' place at this moment. 
 I mean if you ain't with that... I mean, I-I don't know how this plan to take- 
 I 
 need 
 that, to satisfy you...