(Convict 2/sadat x) 
 Oh my goodness! look what they sendin through nowadays 
 Ah, it's a light-weight 
 And he got a smirk on his face like it's all of that 
 Yeah, well we gone see what it is 
 (Convict 1/xzibit) 
 What you in for, everything under the sun 
 Recently, got me first degree wit a hot gun 
 That's my third strike, so xzibit can't go home 
 Fight to see daylight like sylvester stallone 
 Don't ask too many questions nigga, keep that on the d-low 
 My family might mistake you for an undercover c-o 
 Last one that tried didn't make it past bookin 
 Five times in the neck when everybody was lookin' 
 (Convict 2/sadat x) 
 You see the judge, but he don't budge 
 That's you're third felony, I believe strike three 
 Remanded and stranded, to the cold steel granite 
 Lost to the world, your moms and your girl 
 Keep your weight up, or your ass get ate up 
 Cats is stickin, straight up 
 Wit the shank, get more time in the tank 
 Ask hank, he bout to bank, killed a cop wit high rank 
 They gave him life and now another cat is fuckin' his wife 
 (Convict 1/xzibit) 
 Just because I'm locked down don't mean the hustlin stop 
 Her-oine and beer joints twenty dollars a pop 
 You a new recruit, so today I'm lettin you slide 
 But tomorrow you'll be confronted wit the two's in the side 
 If you a smart mothafucker, you'll be fallin' wit mine 
 Behind bars, no bitches and cars, we only got time 
 We're I'm from, time is money and got neither to waste 
 Once in a while catch a cannanite in the wrong place 
 Beat him down, break the strongest hand, piss in his face 
 Strike fear, play the rear, 'fore he catchin a case 
 Low-class, got a dozen free visitors pass 
 Plus the female c-order wanna give me some ass 
 Chorus (sadat x) 2x 
 This is your new home boss, where you survive at all costs 
 And if you don't, well it's only your loss 
 You're only here 'cause you tried to force and be the boss, ha 
 Handle your time like a man yo 
 (Convict 1/xzibit) 
 So it's my twenty-third birthday, drinkin' brew-no 
 You know no matter what it take, we gotta celebrate 
 Fuck stayin straight, hair braided by this muslim cat 
 Regulate the whole yard, now we got the straps 
 Niggas say "who the fuck is that? " 
 The x-man, rowdy, gettin' treated like the feds in the county 
 Correctional facilities, basically you don't wanna fuck wit these 
 Murders and felonies keep you company ("yeah!") 
 (Convict 3/kid creole) 
 And yes y'all, come on in ("yeah") 
 All you brand new heffer, sissy, soft booty-ass shook niggas ("yeah") 
 Yeah bitch, welcom to central booking ("yeah") 
 A sleep-over for pimps, private hustlers ("yeah"), drug slingers, and gun 
 Clappers 
 Even bitch-ass, shook-ass niggas ("yeah") like y'all 
 Get on your ? ("yeah"), get out the blood on your ? married character? 
 Kitten-ass faces ("yeah"), niggas about to beat you all down to the last stop 
 *Echoes* 
 (Convict 2/sadat x) 
 I'm all good, as I telephone my hood 
 At first I was shook, tried to play by the book 
 But you can't bid your time by stayin in the cell 
 I'm gettin' high everyday like I was still on the corner 
 Where I'm in fat pink caps, new york to California 
 Makin' deals for mills, holdin' cigarette lottos 
 Givin' cats pills, and tell 'em "yo try those!" 
 Niggas try to scheme but my team is tight 
 We as shady as the night and bring fright to sight 
 Hey you be aight, but don't act like a sucka 
 Ain't you ain't got to be the wildest mothafucker 
 Use control, put a cat in whole if he's broke 
 And let 'em know, I just wanna serve my time and go 
 And flow, lay low, try to grab some dough 
 Aiyyo I ain't tryin' to jail, somebody post my bail 
 (Convict 2/sadat x) (convict 3/kid creole) 
 Yo man shhh, I need some new kicks man 
 (Oh what? oh shut the fuck up!) 
 Somebody got some at least some money man (nigga what!) 
 Or something man, I ain't get no letters man 
 (You gone be my bitch tonight, what) 
 Niggas forgettin about me man 
 (I'll poke y'all, don't come on the island) 
 Namsayin, supposed to be my crew 
 (Don't be on the island when I get there) 
 Can't even make collect phone calls 
 (Mothafucker, what ah um!) 
 Tryin' to jam my collect calls now 
 (You will be mines tonight mothafucker!) 
 Nobody ain't home, nobody wanna write me (mine you hear me!) 
 I ain't got nuttin to read, yaknamsayin 
 (You'll be mine tonight mothafucker!) 
 Ain't nobody put no money on my book 
 (Don't fall asleep tonight bitch!) 
 It's like I'm starvin in here 
 This ain't no fun