Ooh... do re mi (Xzibit) 
 Fa so la ti do yeah I'm doin' vocals 
 Intimate Turn the music up, yeah c'mon! 
 {Beat starts...} 
 Yeah! c'mon in, yeah welcome 
 Ha! yeah! yeah! 
 Uh, ya undastand me? 
 Hey yoooooouu... DJ motherfuckin' Quik, yeah 
 You know me, X to the Z, yeah (arah!) 
 Ah, it don't stop, huh yeah 
 Some new shit, come on... 
 We just want you to bounce to 
 This shit for a minute, yeah 
 Ain't no rush... relax yourself... 
 Relieve your stress, here we go 
 Yes... 
 Bounce, come on bounce, come on boooounce...{repeat} 
 Put your pussy in my faaaace... 
 And let me lick you till i 
 Feel the taaaaste... 
 (Xzibit) (Verse one) {1:56} 
 I am the master of the ceremony 
 So my territory be off limits to gimmicks 
 And niggas with wack lyrics 
 And tracks that lack spirits 
 So pop your collar (pop your collar!) 
 Fuck a dollar, I'm at ya tough and hard to swallow 
 Hard act to follow never the role model the what not 
 Set up shots slipknot my way to the top, pa-da pow! 
 Then changed the direction of it (yeah) 
 From the niggas that hate it to niggas that love it 
 What choo want from it 
 A reputation a luxurious life 
 Maybe find you a hoe that you could transform into a house wife 
 You loose stripes when you recite through your wind pipes 
 With action cameras and lights and your shit ain't tight 
 It's on on sight thug rugged the love of it (yeah) 
 Push it shlingd'it shove it in the vein we dope 
 Remain with smoke, remote with Tash and Ras Kass 
 Six months of full blast bitch, gimme dat ass!...ha ha 
 Put your pussy in my faaace... and I'll 
 (Let me lick you laaady) 
 Lick you till I feel the taaaste... 
 (Would you, would you) 
 {Repeat 2x} 
 Feel the taste... 
 Feel the taste... of lovin' you 
 Feel the taste... 
 Feel the taste... of lovin' you 
 (Hi-C) (Verse two) {3:24} 
 I'm a royalty check cashin' 
 Coup deville smashin', pretty titty assassin 
 Lookin' for some action 
 If you want compassion, I'll be pussy basshin' 
 Baby hit me up like 'yo, what the fuck happened?' 
 'Was it somethin' I did? was it my three kids? 
 You don't love me no more, was it the wave or the wig?' 
 I'm tryna be nice, so I'm sittin' there thinkin' 
 But I had to tell the bitch 'baby your breath be stinkin' (ha ha) 
 Niggas, spendin' they last, tryna hustle for ass 
 You bought a Cadillac truck, but you can't buy gas 
 Insurance is a bitch, I hope you don't crash 
 But when you do, let me buy them rims and slap 'em on my jag 
 When it come to fasion, don't make me start flashin' 
 Break a bitch off, and have that whole tire slashin' 
 I'm leather, you're leather, together we be clashin' 
 Quik! hit 'em with the chorus, homie start bashin'! 
 Put your pussy in my faaace... and I'll 
 (Let me lick you laaady) 
 Lick you till I feel the taaaste... 
 (Would you, would you) 
 {Repeat 2x} 
 Feel the taste... 
 Feel the taste... of lovin' you 
 Feel the taste... 
 Feel the taste... of lovin' you