(Saukrates) a ha, capital hill 
 {Xzibit} yeah, sit back and smoke a fat one. yeah, pronto. look from los 
 Angeles to toronto. 
 (Saukrates) I heard that big sox got it going on. I heard that nigga 
 Xzibit got it going on. 
 {Xzibit} spittin' at 'em. yeah, like a automatic philly. 
 (Saukrates) 
 Yo, revolutionary, evolutionary 
 Bulldozer, leave y'all with troops to bury 
 Clean sweep if ya smell fear in these mean streets 
 It's instinct, life's a bitch and she's far from cheap 
 I got love for my dogs hustling for defeats 
 Put it down for this paper, increase the real 
 Come wit it, run wit it, fuck wit it 
 Big sauk to shock your mind and your spirits 
 Taste these lyrics while I spit truth on tape 
 Whether two inch, a dat, or d-a-t-a 
 I impregnate wax, so get mine regardless 
 Of anybody's set, I'm starving the artist 
 Who's next to me? the x to z 
 Together we bomb mcs with text debris 
 Leaving y'all hard pressed to breath 
 Other words, nigga's show love and chicks spit the ecstasy 
 How real is that? 
 Chorus (saukrates) {xzibit} 
 I keep it moving and moving, keep it going, going like that y'all 
 {Like that y'all}, like that 
 {I keep it moving and moving, keep it going, going like that y'all} 
 Like that y'all 
 (Xzibit) 
 See I put the beated nigga, ask him if he's had enough 
 Tan khakis, t-shirt, wife beater tatted up 
 Looking for props 
 How you explain to nigga drinking beer to the bottom that they can't come up 
 Mother fucker say what? 
 Stack loot so much, reach out and touch you probably die from the paper cuts 
 I see you lazy fucks, sceming on the speed demon 
 Keep on dreaming, give me any type of reason 
 To stop your breathing, yeah it' me against the world 
 'Cause the eyes deceiving, anybody want to bet me 
 Saukrates, bouncing wide like a jet ski 
 Meet a bitch who ain't hard stick like wayne gretzky 
 Look I try to live where the lolos and the sets be 
 I still roll dolo, how a normal nigga test me 
 I let you have it in the face trying to waste me 
 Your homies can't face me 'cause they scared for their own safety 
 Chorus (xzibit) {saukrates} repeat 2x 
 How real is that? 
 {Feel the rush} yeah, feel it 
 {Feel the adrenaline *echoed*} 
 Feel the rush, feel the adrenaline 
 (Saukrates) 
 Yo, take that, take that, nigga stay back 
 With that fake rap, break that 'fore cats react 
 To your shallow ass shit, go practice 
 Saukrates never making wack shit, trust me son 
 If I'm eating, my dogs eating 
 Use experience for teaching without preaching 
 Each, and everyday I be thinking about my future 
 Preparing for the new world we ain't used to 
 Handle that, with supreme caution 
 Peep this mental distortion 
 Hitting you with grips of funk by the portions 
 Consulting with killers could lead to abortion 
 Face down in a closed coffin, what! 
 (Outro: xzibit) 
 This is how we do mad dawg. ha ha ha ha. yeah, pronto from here to 
 Toronto. x to the z, saukrates, liquid mcs baby. so, keep it moving.