Yeah... huh... it's been a long time 
 It seem' like the whole world is waiting on the West Coast 
 We missed you... welcome back... Let's go! 
 Uh, yeah that, New West 
 (Yes) 
 C'mon, uh (uhuh) 
 (Uh) 
 Here we go; Steady Gang, Steady Gang, Steady Gang, Steady Gang 
 Uh, yeah that 
 (Yes) 
 Klack klack - klack klack klack klack klack klack, uh c'mon 
 Yeah, uh 
 (Yeah! Yeah!) 
 Strong Arm Steady we ready it's time to ball out 
 When vocal chords spit cold shit they never thaw out 
 Industry tried to pigeonhole, I had to crawl out 
 Hear my name bein' called out, nuclear fallout 
 Full body armor with bangers, we goin' all out 
 Garbage bags in trunk of the car, it won't stall out 
 Hit you where you stay, hogtied, you gettin' hauled out 
 Crush the whole car, it's well planned and thought out 
 Try to attain fame from beef, you went the wrong route 
 Scrape a .38 on your teeth, I knock 'em all out 
 I know you ain't fuckin' with me dawg (c'mon now!) 
 Underestimate, run up on, it's on now 
 Have your niggaz plottin' revenge and puttin' songs out 
 Demise by design, blueprints is drawn out 
 Flood crack back in the hood, it's been a long drought 
 Show you what this gangsta-killa Cali is all about 
 Klack, for the niggaz that bangin' it in the city and 
 Klack, for the enemies creepin' to come and get me (Klack klack klack klack klack) 
 Be thankful, if you get away alive 
 You wouldn't kill or won't let nothin' die, so keep it movin' 
 Yo! You don't like how I'm livin'? Well fuck you! 
 Nostradamus style, make every line come through 
 Don't make me spit, predict your last action 
 Last man standing (yeah), last man laughin' (yeah) 
 Assassin, crosshairs, smile for the birdie (click!) 
 Hit you long range, high-powered 30-30 shit 
 If you never heard of a heavy assault rifle 
 Hit targets a mile away from the top of the Eiffel (woo!) 
 Knock the soul out of your body 
 Stay plottin' like Bin Laden to swoop down and crash your party 
 All bark no bite (shiiit!) we don't bark nigga 
 We bite to the white then shake till the afterlife 
 Hard work and sacrifice, who's your daddy? 
 Make you wanna drop e'rything and move to Cali 
 We classic, go 'head, speak my name 
 And I'ma lay your ass down like the All Star Game, c'mon! 
 Sawed-off shotgun, shoot through your shoulderblade 
 Bitch-made niggaz get hit with a hand grenade 
 Blow up your Escalade, then I hit the road 
 And I'm back in the hood lookin' for somethin' to smoke 
 Everytime, I use the element of surprise 
 With a gun that's big enough to make an elephant hide 
 I elevate my rhythm by hustlin' crack addicts 
 Get locked but when I'm released I'm back at it 
 See Mitch know the time, in front of me the birdie and 
 Phil got the costumers comin' to get it early we 
 Came a long way from po-lice chasin' us 
 For dope in our sucks and angel dust 
 Yeah klack for the strippers in clubs shakin' their titties 
 This, mac'll have you bitch-niggaz runnin' like P. Diddy 
 I'll bang you, comin' out the side of your mouth 
 We the reason why you stay in the house, dizzle, gang 
 Uh-huh, yeah that, recognize nigga 
 Uh, klack klack klack klack klack 
 (Uh) Steady Gang is now here 
 The West is here, we're nowhere anyway nigga 
 Uh, get aboard bitch 
 Uh, get aboard, klack back here, klack klack klack klack klack 
 Uh-huh, yeah that recognize, 
 The Golden State, for those that hate 
 Uh-huh, yeah, nigga we bringin' it to the streets 
 We ain't going nowhere 
 Niggas been buyin' till, jewelry, cars 
 The whole mothafuckin' run, nigga 
 Don't matter nigga 
 Nigga he West ain't going nowhere 
 But now we on TV, Steady Gang! 
 (Nigga) Klack klack klack klack klack 
 We make music and klack for those nigga is in the street that's keepin' it real 
 Yeah that, yeah that, uh-hoh 
 Klack klack, uh, klack klack klack klack klack 
 Say what (uh), uh, right before the West is the 
 Steady Gang, Steady Gang, Steady Gang 
 Uh, uh nigga, klack klack klack klack klack get your boards up, get your gangsta up...