(MC Ren) 
 Yeah nigga, MC Ren up in this motherfucker 
 (West West y'all) 
 Yeah, L.A. niggaz 
 L.A. niggaz rule the world nigga 
 Y'all niggaz gotta recognize, yaknahmsayin? 
 Niggaz don't wanna peep game, yaknahmsayin? 
 But this shit come all the way back around here 
 My nigga Dre, droppin' heat box on y'all bitch-ass 
 Yaknahmsayin? You gotta recognize 
 L.A. niggaz, connected all over the motherfuckin world, nigga 
 Recognize this 
 (Time Bomb) 
 Now in my younger days I used to sport a rag 
 Backpack full of cans plus a four-four mag 
 G'd from the feet up 
 Blued up from the sewer's how I grew up 
 Loc'n, smokin' and drinkin' till we threw up (threw up) 
 At Leimert Park, taggin, hittin fools up 
 Ditchin my class, just to fuck yo' school up 
 You don't wanna blast, nigga tuck yo' tool up 
 But don't sleep, y'all niggaz quick to shoot you 
 Now there's another motherfucker with no future 
 But Time Bomb much smoother when I manuever, dope like Cuba 
 Got 'em jumpin' {*King T starts speakin', indecipherable*} 
 (King T) 
 I'm comin' "Straight Outta Compton" with a loose cannon 
 Smoke big green, call it Bruce Banner 
 Watch your manners, at last another blast from the top notch 
 From way back with the pop rocks, I pop lock witcha 
 Picture this, Dr. Dre twistin wit Tha Liks 
 And Hittman bought a fix 
 Don't trip, it's a Time Bomb in this bitch 
 Here it tick tick tick tick {*BOOM*} 
 Wait a minute it's on, I tell it like a true mackadelic 
 Weed and cocaine sold separate, check it 
 From sundown to sunup -- clown done run up 
 The Aftermath'll be two in your gut, nigga what? 
 Chorus: Knoc-Turn'al, Kokane 
 We roll deep, smoke on weed drink and pack heat 
 Requirements for survival each day -- in L.A.! 
 It don't stop, we still mash in hot pursuit from the cops 
 Analyze why we act this way -- in L.A.! 
 (Hittman) 
 Gimme that mic fool, it's a West coast jack move 
 They call me Hitt - 'cause I spit like gats do 
 Cock me back 
 Bust caps for my max crew, at Fairfax 
 Who used to wear Air Max shoes, that's true 
 But I grew up where niggaz jack you, harass you 
 Blast you, for that set you claim (where you from?) 
 Mash on you for your turkish chain, C.K. B.K. 
 Blued up or flame, I ran wit a gang 
 I helped niggaz get, jacked for they Dana Dane's 
 My pants hang below my waistline 
 I look humble wanna rumble? (yeah yeah) 
 I bang though, like Vince Carter from the baseline 
 Don't waste my time 
 Fuck a scrap in killa Cali, AK's and 9's 
 One-time's, sunshines, and fine-ass bitches 
 Hawaiian thai, drive-by, six-fo's on switches 
 (Xzibit) 
 I was raised in the hood called WHAT-THE-DIF' 
 Where the brothers in the hood, refused to go Hollywood 
 Slugs for the fuck of it 
 Anybody hatin' on us can suck a dick 
 If I catch you touchin mine you catch a flatline, dead on the floor 
 Better than yours, drivin' away gettin' head from a whore 
 It's AvireX-to-the-Z 
 Fuckin' with me might get you banned from TV, 
 Cassette and CD it's all mine the whole nine the right time 
 Multiply, we don't die, the streets don't lie 
 What, so neither do I, I'm bad for your health 
 Like puttin' a pistol up to your face and blastin yourself 
 (Defari) 
 Five in the mornin, burglars at my do' 
 Glock forty-five in my dresser drawer 
 Let 'em come in BLAOW he see the thunder roll 
 Roll with niggaz, who by fifths by the fo' 
 And bruise by the case 
 SLAP YOU in the face with the bass, Dr. Dre laced 
 Likwit Kings wit Sedans and gold rings 
 Haters fold the style, but can't find no openings 
 In L.A. 
 That's how we ride (4X)