(Xzibit): yeah. that's what I'm talking about 
 (Ras k.): yeah 
 (Xzibit): the homie john john up in this motherfucker 
 (Ras k.): yeah 
 (Xzibit): mr. x to the z with a public service announcement 
 For all you faggot ass rappers 
 (Ras k.): what's that? 
 (Xzibit): they think just because a nigga's rapping 
 With a label behind him, it's all great 
 (Ras k.): yep 
 (Xzibit): it's modern day pimps and hoes going on 
 Ask epmd, rap is still out of control 
 Cause hip-hop plus glocks = scott la rock, tupac and biggie smalls 
 I figure y'all niggaz brawl for lack of protocol 
 Now I'm gonna take matters into my own hands, like masturbation 
 Another 39 suicidal rap is at heavens gate waiting to battle with Satan 
 Rassassination: taking heads like decapitation (ching!) 
 Trapped in infatuation (really)? back up off me 
 Kiss my ass. then wake up 'n' smell the coffee 
 See, when you're broke and unknown, your baby's mama clown you 
 Your family down's you. don't want your own kid around you 
 You ain't shit. don't do shit 
 Ain't gone never be shit. so it's quits 
 Two video's later, she's on your dick (bitch) 
 When your albums selling, she "don't worry, be happy." 
 Bragging to her friends: "that's just my babies daddy!" 
 And sadly, niggaz start acting like they shit don't stink 
 But wait: you getting cut like the wedding cake 
 The music business is straight mafioso: 
 Jewish, italiano, and black 
 My bmi/ascap platinum placque rap track 
 Bootleg my shit to Japan. at swap meets, sell my same shit back 
 Long sharks break legs. we break beats state to state 
 And record deals? that shit belong with a fucked up interest rate 
 (Parish smith sample): music please, music please 
 (Color me bad sample): "why you treat me so bad? " 
 (Parish smith sample): music please... music please 
 (Other sample): "i don't know why baby!" 
 (Xzibit): just handle your business 
 It's sort of like the label is the devil: 
 R&b, pop, gospel to heavy metal 
 They make doe pimping the ghet-to 
 Label mates: different rats in the same rat race 
 The production company is the nigga that you learn to hate 
 Management is your crimy. your lawyer is your liar 
 And when your famous but po', you set your accountants office on fire 
 It's like this: they loan you $1 
 For you just to break even, they stack $10 
 When you finally make one dollar, your profit is andrew jack-son ($20) 
 You skinny. they got plenty. the benjamins? before you see any 
 They getting g's: big cheese. 
 No vaseline fucking dope m.c.'s, "so freeze" 
 Call the police chief? it takes a thief 
 Here's everything you need to know about the record industry, 
 Like a chief. 
 'Cause labels is doing $300,000 deals; 
 Blowing coke smoke up my ass, but we both know crack kills. 
 Not very many, rappers ever see a penny 
 But double platinum is two million units. CD's cost $20. 
 (Too true) so here's a clue 
 Somebody just make $40,000,000 and it sho' wasn't you 
 (Parish smith sample): music please, music please 
 (Color me bad sample): "why you treat me so bad? " 
 (Parish smith sample): music please... music please. 
 (Other sample): "i don't know why baby!" 
 (Xzibit): just handle your business. 
 Want to know the relationship between hip-hop and drugs? 
 'Cause professional athletes, black actors, rappers, and thugs 
 All sleep in the same bed together 
 Rich black niggaz only kick it with other black people with cheddar 
 Same lifestyle: legal or illegal 
 It be us, swinging a three fuck getting skeed up with peanuts 
 Which leads up to this: a high turnover ration 
 Groupies turn tricks and be quick to give fellatio. 
 MC's get the pussy and fame. 
 Brothers essex floss with a corporate card 
 And charge it to the rappers name 
 But the label owners make all the real money 
 Just ask david geffrey, barry gordy, russel, or puffy (ching, ching!) 
 Business? you don't get what you deserve. you negotiate 
 And everything is renegotiable based on the sales you generate 
 But hip-hop fans don't buy albums, and, then again, tend to player hate 
 The rapper that went pop. but before this, I never knew 
 Skills don't pay the mother fucking bills. money do 
 Is you stupid? how nice I represent don't pay rent 
 The r&b ho who jock theo on the radio buy your CD doe. 
 Rap magazines be screaming they keep it real 
 But keep it fake on the cover 
 Pulling tennis shoe and clothing advertisements. no wonder 
 Like common "i used to love h.e.r." 
 Now I just fuck h.e.r. with two rubbers 
 (Chorus: repeats until end): 
 (Parish smith sample): music please, music please 
 (Color me bad sample): "why you treat me so bad? " 
 (Parish smith sample): music please... music please 
 (Other sample): "i don't know why baby!" 
 (Xzibit): just handle your business