(Jeff Stewart) 
 And I say... right about now you are rockin' with the best! 
 Can I get a hit? *inhale* *coughing* Thank you *coughing* 
 What you're about to experience is a walk on the Funkadelic side 
 Who knows better than the Funkadelic devil himself 
 To all knotty head niggaz, bob to this 
 Come walk with Def Squad on the darkside 
 Coming to you live and direct without further adieu 
 I bring to you Redman one more time 
 This is Jeff Stewart and you know how I do it... god DAYAM! 
 (Redman) 
 So who's that funky nigga that's known to kick the fat shit? 
 The mirror said "You are, you conceited bastard" 
 *Cutting and scratching of bastard* 
 Done by the dogcatcher, dogcatcher, it's the dogfetcher, I betcha 
 Ah, with the slang 
 Get you coughed up from the weed it'll bust your brain 
 The top notch of hip-hop and I'm on the charts 
 I'm catchin applause when I rock the micraphone from the heart 
 My style's foul, so look into the eyes of Lorimars 
 As you can see, I drop funk bars from here to Mars 
 Still rollin' down the highway wit my forty between my lap bitch 
 Crossin DTW, coming into my lap and 
 Boy my skills are stacks, I love to do it from the back 
 My style swarms over ghettoes like crack 
 Blow in any hood and puff a blunt with any nigga 
 As long as we both got, it don't matter who's gun bigger 
 But I bet you you can't do that, cause the multiplatinums 
 Can't save your ass on the block, and you're fucked if it ain't pop 
 The funk is blowin' wattage out your fuckin' trunks 
 Like peak Puma, I known to give a whole lots of lumps 
 Props I got, coming through your block nine cocked 
 My socks, even got three-eighty-nine shots 
 Don't press it, I hang 'em like them niggaz do in Texas 
 You don't have no heart you chestless, 'cause your heart's on my necklace 
 I give props to real MC's like KRS-One 
 Kool G Rap, Buckshot, Busta me and I'm from 
 The East coast! Where a nigga like you get that fat? 
 And since you came out gassed, well I'm closin your gas cap 
 The creature, from the deeper, ultimate funk freaker 
 Represent New Jersey, keep your eyes up on the bleacher 
 A menace like Dennis, I got game like Ennis 
 I can French-kiss my lyrics, then I run trains with sentence 
 Lord have mercy! It's too much funk to cope with 
 Droppin' dope shit after dope shit, we're atrocious 
 That's from the lungs, that rings from here to kingdom come 
 And I don't have to be a Special Ed to get dumb!