Original rude bwoy on your scene 
 Haha ha ha ha! 
 Everybody light your blunts get your smoke on 
 Hahah 
 All you bitches drop your drawers, witcha stinkin' ass (stinkin' ass) 
 Just roll that weed (roll that weed) just roll that weed (roll that weed) 
 Aiyyo yes it's me the MC Grand Royal 
 Spittin' that Newcleus I suggest you Jams On It 
 I'm not a role model I cracks the Beck's bottle 
 Smoke blunts, play pretty MC's as sex models 
 So inhale, exhale, what you smell? 
 Derail the frail blind MC off my trail 
 If he use braille, see I never been touched 
 Regulate the street tactics then parlay in the cut 
 Uhah, lay back and hit this while I shit this 
 Flip this, get some ass flow at long distance 
 And plus I pack nine inches in my britches 
 And keep an instant lit for the funky ass bitches 
 Newark, New Jersey's on the map, comprende? 
 And confrontations start from the blunts and the Reme 
 And if any, MC out there want to test 
 Call my boy Poppa see to put a slug in your vest 
 Check, I walk around the street with the black tec nine 
 By the waistline, kickin' the hype shit 
 So turn the volume up a notch 
 And watch the ba-bump, ba-bump, make your speakers pop 
 Ow, shit I'm just one hip nigga 
 Shit is off the hook when my crew is in the mixture 
 What I deliver, over tracks and rivers 
 Is making your lungs collapse and quiver, it's the 
 PPP foundation in your ass 
 We be the bomb like that Oklahoma blast 
 Then outlast, a few clowns, sounds 
 Raps, stay bein' the mack like Dru Down 
 Ask me what I smoke and I say, "It's the method!" 
 Funk off the hook I leave shit disconnected! 
 What's the name of that town rollin' up trees? 
 (Jersey smokin' up the bom ba zee!) 
 It don't stop, you better move slowly 
 I make that chest wet and cozy 
 Then dip low-key like OG's 
 Then inject that antidote to make you OD 
 You know a better flower get the dough G and show me 
 I bet you I make 'em more pussy than Jonsy (meow*) 
 And show 'em How High I am just from the nosebleed (How High) 
 I keep it Naughty By Nature 
 Kick that rugged shit that Maybelline could make-up, lace up 
 (Yeah Funk Doctor, represent one time for all the blunt smokers) 
 Smokin' weed 
 (Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, it's how we do) 
 Let me hear you go oh! (oh!) 
 Smoke lalala (smoke lalala) 
 Let me hear you go oh! (oh!) 
 Smoke lalala (smoke lalala) 
 Funk Doctor, got your ass locked down proper 
 Let me next blast derelicts, Binaca 
 I'ma Star at War, smoke blunts, don't Chewbacca 
 The head banger boogie for the marijuana shoppers 
 Lace the tracks with stacks of artifacts 
 Make the police arrest me for givin' the cardiac 
 'Cause I'm the shitter, headbanger non-quitter 
 Twenty blunt a day nigga, Land-cruise whipper 
 I represent, commence to beat an instrument 
 Who's next to get that ass bent ten percent 
 I make you boo pass off your jewels you lose 'cause 
 (I am so cool cool cool) 
 React opponent, I Got Five On It 
 Met some hoochie, now I got fifty-five on it 
 With two Coronas, I dominate my opponents 
 To the hardcore niggaz, keep on! (motherfucker)