Woo (ah, ah) Yo, Yo, Yo. This goes out to all my peoples 
 Down in the Weak Way section and all my peoples in the 
 Hootieville Section. Word is bond. Jamaica Queens in the hidda 
 House. Word is bond as we set it off like this. 
 I'm like RR like I had my flows beez like all girls draws be 
 Crack da phills spread da reals in the hidash 
 Roll it up then ask who chipped in 4 da exedera 
 Funk extraterrestrial sniping 57 passengers like wesley do 
 It's da truth like vodk 180 proof don't drop ya draws 
 I hump through ya daisy dukes (true) 
 Put ya fingers in the da air if you're high (high) 
 I walk by so F a drive (by) 
 I swing up in it battin average is half as good as Reggie Jack 
 Is dats why you talk backwards and and uh chumps be on some 
 Bogard stuff like Humphrey 
 You couldn't beat me if you ran with 2 Jump Street or in 90210 
 F it Yo in da movies I'm tha brother puffing ah in da back row. 
 I can't wait to get it on (8 times) 
 I'm just a smokey boy from the land of the lost 
 You can't see me like Charlie's Angels boss 
 I'm often coolin round da blidock I rocks around the clidock 
 My sha sha clock from here 16th and Lenox ask 
 Rodger Thomas if I'm getting scamad 
 I wa milk last year now I'm butta like Blue Bonnett 
 Now who got da funk? (We got the funk) 
 A yo well I got da rah we got the ah I never sniff 
 I'm just swiff with da gift 
 We get our crew to disappear in da mist - Reezeal 
 You couldn't feel me on braille - Well 
 I write my names on walls in spots when I'm buyin ale 
 Da fly guy wit da force like Luke Sky down 4 a mozitwa hon 
 If ya fly - Da Funkadelic been rocking mics since da 4th grade 
 I terminate like X and terminate like swartzenegge dum dee dum 
 Rock like Bijou Bonton sooped like Wonton 
 Funk by da tons drums 
 Please my whole crews making gees tonight's da night 
 Baby so blow up off these and it's on. 
 I said I catch that A Train to da left da chalk 
 I set it off like Bobofet - Big up 2 all my brothas in da housing projects 
 I runnin' up in ya continue 2 split ya guts 
 Grab da rail you need to hold when I rock well got wits like 
 Pernell its da bomb like aknel - rickety rocking mind deep as the 
 Lockness - waste brothas like Toxic - wet like Goloshes 
 Can I handle my biz? Yes you can 
 'Cause I cause chaos I bring a lot of Def 2 Jams 
 Yes I can now act stoopid I'll pop da trunk 
 Caclunk now gimme a ba bump ba bump 
 Ooh cool smoove like 2 blue suede shoes 
 Y'all peoples slept on my hoffin and koos word 2 dantan pillow and Cool B. 
 Switchin speeds like Bruce Lee riding a Fuji in a movie 
 I rock it on the one F Da 2, 3 funky like a box 
 Of ah on looseleaf. 
 Yo I said ah, switching up speeds like Bruce Lee Riding a Fuji in that movie 
 (Ha, ha) 
 I be saying something real word up if you ain't get it laugh now (he, he) 
 And then figure it out when you get home. 
 Word up, aight.