Ha ha ha 
 Tokin on my indo... 
 Smokin' on a indo... 
 Lookin' through your window... (chi-chi, blaow!) 
 Doin' what I win doe, ha ha, ha... it goes 
 Who that tokin on my indo? Pow! 
 Fragile niggaz get mashed out 
 (Who dat?) The Funk D-O-C Spock hash mouth rhymer 
 The Prime Timer, sharper than barber shop liners 
 Look at my chin - ninety degree bent 
 When I spit I make devils come out East St. Loren (gin!) 
 I spend so much money on chalk and the indo 
 My weed supplier need to build a drive through window 
 My form of art rock, jewels with Clarks 
 When my bass sparks for fiends it disturbs the NARCs 
 Freak pattern after pattern to leave Angeles Los 
 The roughest rapper a DJ needle came across 
 Knock it in your Hummer; if it's too hot dial 9-1-1 
 Hook off on you like I Know What You Did Last Summer 
 Your dog is my dog, we dogs when it's thug time 
 When the fuckin' hoes keep that drow in your bloodline 
 Yo, I send this to all my DOG 
 To my real niggaz that are true DOG 
 Niggaz who will bust guns for they DOG 
 Niggaz who will spit ones for they DOG 
 Niggaz who be rollin' deep with they DOG 
 Niggaz who blaze blunts with they DOG 
 Niggaz who would do time for they DOG 
 Niggaz who would diss a bitch for they DOG 
 Yo I'm a dog 
 I piss on the wall in airport bathroom stalls 
 Grab the intercom and yell, "Fuck you!" in the mall 
 I drop it with the holocaust force, I got balls 
 I get my pants fitted twelve inches bigger than y'alls 
 I went to college, rockin' tie one below outfits 
 Dropped out, but stuck my friends for college deposits 
 Nigga, get a country nigga gun bustin' 
 Like they saw Tupac with two glocks still thuggin' 
 Fuckin' with a dog like me, I call your name out 
 While you pussy niggaz Call ID, when I blaze 
 You step life your wifee got a baby on the way 
 The way I flex son you think I'm made out of clay 
 I'm illin, my lyrics on the blocks make the killings 
 I string your moms out until diapers take to chillin' 
 I don't like to toot my own horn but I'm the shit 
 And if you hearin me I see you paid that twelve cent 
 So peace to homey $hort DOG 
 Peace to that funky nigga Snoop DOG 
 Peace to that old nigga Dirt DOG 
 Pour some beer out on the curb for your dead DOG 
 ... 
 You can call a female a dog too (true) 
 You can feed they stinkin ass u-canu-bu, DOG 
 They fuck your enemies and bring the beef to you 
 You got me, I left a couple in your Fubu 
 A real raw dog never get jealous 
 They keep they shit cocked if niggaz try to dead em 
 So ask 'Face, keep your mind on your money 
 I keep the stinkin ass hoes doin' laundry DOG 
 'Cause I'm a dog