(Feat. Erick Sermon and Keith Murray) 
 (Redman) 
 All the way to motherfuckin Georgia 
 To Tennessee 
 To motherfuckin Texas 
 To North motherfuckin Carolina 
 Yeah, South fuckin' Carolina 
 Yeah, deep down, gritty Alabama 
 Funk for your funkin ass, nigga 
 Ha ha, barefoot walkin' motherfuckers 
 (Erick Sermon) 
 Yo, guess who's bout to stomp tonight? 
 Three seniors, rockin' the mic, catchin misdemeanors 
 So charge us with what-what-ever you feel 
 Balls of Steel, clappin those with rap deals 
 Fuck hot, I'm lukewarm and still perform like a champ 
 Battle bout, airing your ass out 
 So who's dropping shit on what day? My click's the greatest 
 Chill, or feel the effect of hi-atus 
 Shit shuts down when the Squad's around 
 It gets Thinner, it's hexed like white man from town 
 Three the hard way can't be touched 
 My style's too faraway, to capture, even with help from NASA 
 I'm what they call, a living legend, sha-POW 
 That's what they call, a Mac-11, sha-POW 
 There's two on the way down, BLAOW BLAOW 
 Here's two more, BLAOW BLAOW nigga! 
 (Keith Murray) 
 Is y'all niggaz down to ride? (Man listen) 
 Would you kill for your life? (Man listen) 
 Can you get busy all night? (Man listen) 
 (Hah hah..) (Man listen) 
 (Redman) 
 Yo-yo-yo yo, yo yo! 
 I got the Down South Funk when I clown out punk-ass 
 Police wanna call dogs and sound off pumps 
 I short your Blaupunkts if you thump my tape 
 Yo dial funk if you're mo' stiff than Riker's Isle bunks 
 Get out your seat, E, spit out the beat 
 The tracks plow underground concrete out the streets 
 From baldies to fades, when I rock MC's wave 
 More flags than Puerto Rican Day parade 
 And give up, I got the rare footage, of fiends walkin' 
 Barefooted off my rhyme don't dare cook it 
 You might fall in to intervene 
 And New Jacks and they girl become Pookie and that, PROM QUEEN 
 That bodybag won't fit you tonight 
 You wanna blow up? Drop the mic, stick to the pipe 
 Hand to hand my crew'll cripple your click in a fight 
 Take my tapes way Down South and triple the price 
 Step up on the scene like whazzup? Hey sugah 
 Before you cock-tease Doc, how that cash put up? 
 And only way I stop till your click say when 
 They had enough, 'cause I could bump to six A.M. 
 (Keith Murray) 
 Is y'all niggaz down to ride? (Man listen) 
 Would you kill for your life? (Man listen) 
 Can you get busy all night? (Man listen) 
 (Yo, yo-yo) (Man listen) 
 My life is a rap, each song is a flashback 
 Of antagonizing anxiety attacks 
 The beat hits the ground and the earth cracks 
 Niggaz be like, "OH NO NOT THEM!" Yeah we back 
 With rhythmatic articulation, God-forsaken 
 Sick manifestations, PUMP PUMP in your face then 
 The lyrical force that I put in a rhyme 
 Will hit you with more power than a molecule enzyme 
 No matter who what when where how I'll lay you down 
 With a sick illed out fictitious style 
 Yo, we all represent the hood -- the only difference 
 Between us is that we make the shit look good! 
 Programmable annual slammable 
 You Lyte as a Rock and I Cram to Understand You 
 So for niggaz on a mission kissin' ass and dissin 
 We get even like an ambixdeterous, man listen 
 Is y'all niggaz down to ride? (Man listen) 
 Would you kill for your life? (Man listen) 
 Can you get busy all night? (Man listen) 
 (Man listen) 
 Is y'all niggaz down to ride? (Man listen) 
 Would you kill for your life? (Man listen) 
 Can you get busy all night? (Man listen) 
 (Man listen)