Alota: 
 This is G.P.N the Ghetto Pyshic Network, I'm your host alota Vagina 
 Lady: 
 Who? 
 Alota: 
 Alota Vagina, Ho! 
 Now our Pyshic's have traveled tha world demonstrating there amazing pyshic powers. Tonight were in tha world famous Brick City, knocking on motherfucking doors showing what our experts have done for niggas lives. 
 Aight y'all right now were in ?Brandon Court? and ummm were creeping up on one of our satisfied viewers, lets see what she's got to say 
 (Knocks on door) 
 (Door squeaks open) 
 Alota:Girl it's the Ghetto Pyshic Network! 
 Girl:(Screams) Alota Vagina! 
 Alota:Hey girl, tell us what your personal pyshic has revealed to ya! 
 Girl:Well girl let me tell you what my G.P.N pyshic had done for me he told me that I was gon' be trippin' on TWO niggas and suckin TWO dicks at the same time and here they are Pop and Trev say hi mutherfuckers. 
 Pop and Trev: 
 Oh shit what up 
 Yeah what up 
 (Laughs) 
 Alota: See, whew, look what the Pyshic Network has done for this bitch live. Now lets go knock on the door of our next satisfied customer. 
 (Knocks on door) 
 Alota Vagina from the Ghetto Pyshic Network, open tha door. 
 Man: 
 Alota Vagina that bitch from... 
 Alota: 
 That's right it's me now open tha door were here to get your testimonial. 
 (Door opens) 
 Man: 
 Hey is this shit on TV? 
 Alota: 
 Tell us how the Ghetto Pyshic Network has worked for you? 
 Man: 
 Well my Pysic Network told me I was going to have some time off from my job (croud: ooh) but then I seen my girlfriend in McDonald's with this other mutherfucker so I had to smoke both of they asses, so you see I am going to have time off, 25 years off (croud:awww) Pyshic Network you was right again. 
 Alota: 
 Now need I say more, our Ghetto hotline is open for all calls, call 1-800-haul ass I said 1-800-haul ass, call now and get the first 15 minutes for free mutherfuckers! 
 Redman: 
 This message was sponsored and brought to you by mutherfuckers who smoke a lot of weed and will smack the shit out of you incorporated.