(Aww Shit!) 
 Check it out 
 Yo, 1992 begins the new wave for the blunt rollers 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 The saga of the philly blunt continues 
 The flava's the P-Funk y'all, get wit it 
 Check it out... 
 Check out a new type of gimmick which is splendid 
 Since you're down with other shit, let's see if you're down with this 
 It's about... strictly trying to roll a blunt 
 When you get the hang of it, you'll catch more blunts than Archie Bunk 
 First of all you get a fat bag of ism 
 From uptown, any local store sells the shit friend 
 Purchase a philly, not the city of Philly 
 Silly punk, I'm talking 'bout the shit called the Philly blunt 
 Lick the blunt and then the Philly blunt middle you split 
 Don't have a razor blade, use ya fuckin' fingertips 
 Crack the bag and then you pour the whole bag in 
 Spread the ism around until the ism reach each end 
 Take your finger and your thumb from tip to tip 
 Roll it in a motion then the top piece you lick 
 Seal it, dry it wit ya lighter if ya gotta 
 The results, mmmmmmmm... proper 
 That's how you roll a blunt 
 That's how you roll a blunt 
 That's how you roll a blunt 
 That's how you roll a blunt 
 That's how you roll a blunt 
 That's how you roll a blunt 
 Let's all roll a blunt 
 ...And get fucked up (yeah) 
 (Repeats again) 
 The second paragraph might makes you laugh 
 When a brotha rolls a blunt and his breath smells like gr-ass 
 That's when you know you gotta take the blunt from him 
 'Cause his breath has the dragon in the dungeon 
 (Yo, yo, yo, light the blunt. uh yo, here's the lighter) 
 I would if this shit would stop drippin' wit saliva 
 And if you gonna lick it, don't drown it with ya spit, shit 
 I dunno what dick or last puss you licked quick 
 And how 'bout the non-blunt rollin' females 
 That always fucks it up 'cause they don't wanna break their Lee nails 
 (Hee hee hee hee hee, sorry Red for spilling it) 
 You better pickup every seed of it 
 Because I paid 10 bills for the get ill... 
 And for spilling it you better get lost or get grilled 
 Bo know everything from sports to other stuff 
 But I bet you Bo dunno know to roll a blunt 
 (Hey nigga pass the gotdamn blunt. shit! what you holding it all day for? 
 Sit yo big ass down...) 
 Yo, yo, check this out 
 I want all the real niggas out there and the females too 
 If you got a fat blunt in ya mouth and you feeling high as hell 
 I want y'all to repeat after me, check it out 
 I'm fucked up (I'm fucked up) 
 I'm fucked up (I'm fucked up...) 
 I'm high as hell (I'm high as hell) 
 I'm high as hell (I'm high as hell) Yeah 
 Last but not least, Redman would like to say peace 
 To all the blunt rollers from the Tri-State to the Middle East 
 And gimme a blunt when I kick the bucket 
 Devil or no devil when I am the wrong to be fucked with 
 So everybody put they blunt up in the air 
 Take a puff, blow the smoke out like ya just don't care 
 So..(pump up the volume)...so it's heard through the next block 
 I'm out, peace to Red Foxx, I'm off to the cess spot... 
 (Yeah, DJ Twinz in the house) 
 Yeah, Redman's in the house 
 Yo, peace to Pack Pistol Posse, the 4,5,6 
 Yo, I'm out, yo Reg 
 Turn this shit off man (yo turn that shit off)