(Hard enough that I can chew a whole bag of rocks) 
 Hyah! Attention to all you punk motherfuckers out there 
 (Uh-huh uh-huh, check it out, check it out) 
 Funky Noble Productions represent for the nine-four and nine-five area 
 Reggie Noble and Rockwilder in the house for the nizzow 
 If you don't know you might as well close your biz out 
 (To my peeps in Queens) 
 Yeah, oh shit, yo, it's a bird 
 (Nah I thought that shit was a fuckin' plane dude) 
 Nah nah nah, it's Soop, Soop, Soop-a-man 
 (It's on!) 
 Hah 
 Verse One: Redman 
 Well it's the Soopaman Lovah in your motherfuckin town 
 Get down go round and round like shocks on your G-spot 
 Honeydip, now all of y'all up in that funny shit 
 But I ain't switched, still a honeydip is a honeybitch 
 In the mix! So bitches be lookin' fly and I'll run in em 
 With they toes and nails done, hair wrapped up with pins in em 
 Fifty-four eleven Reebox bitch which you need not 
 To do is get fly, 'cause where I'm from, bitches get speed knots 
 Slow your monkey ass down and hold your horses 
 Don't wanna know your name don't wanna know none of your sources 
 Just fix me, with a quickie, I swear more Lake's than Ricki 
 So bad I use my X-Ray vision to give y'all clits a hickie 
 And plus the weed I puff is from the planet of Cheech and Chong 
 Where the earth is chronic, and How To Roll a Blunt is the theme song 
 Ooh you makin' me horny! Well uh, let me wipe that wetness for ya 
 Slurped and burped, got that bitch more open than my door do 
 Let's take a journey up in the stars where I live at 
 Where I fuck Jane, Judy Jetson, and that robot bitch-ah 
 Grab onto the cape and uh... I said before I took her 
 Don't choke me! And it's up up and away I took the hooker 
 And it's on 
 Verse Two: Redman 
 We landed on my planet, we smoked out like a fuck up 
 Bought a dime from Jabba the Hut and some uncut for the hooker 
 She said, "I don't sniff blow I just smoke weed to get me horny. 
 So I'm nothin' like that bitch in your last Soopaman Lovah story." 
 You go girl! But I didn't believe her, had to make sure 
 Where you from, the projects? "Yeah, but I'm single. 
 You needed a quickie and I'm just that bitch to break you off, shit 
 My pussy's so good, it tickle my legs when I walk!" 
 Oh really, just show me a couple of ways how you'll thrill me 
 She lifted up her dress and the whole area got chilly 
 "So what you think of that?" I threw that bitch back on my back 
 Shit I live ten miles away, but I made it fo' seconds flat 
 I lived in the same building with Mr. Spock and Captain Kirk 
 Got R2D2 and Mork from Ork puttin' in work 
 See I got the block sewn "Ooh baby let's get it on!" 
 About time, I opened the door she had her ass and tits showin 
 She rushed me to the room and stripped me out of my attire 
 She tied me to the bedposts then she lit the room on fire 
 She took out a scarf wrapped it around my eyes till I was blind 
 But with my X-Ray vision I saw the icepick from behind 
 So I broke out the ropes, smacked the hoe, then suplexed her 
 She pulled out a Tec and wet my chest with the S1's 
 "Oh shit I'm shot!" There was blood all over my finger! 
 I think I left my other bulletproof suit in the cleaner 
 She gave a whistle, they came in crews, word is bond 
 It was a bunch of Martian bitches with bodysuits and Platforms 
 "Damn, I gotta think of a plan, whatamIdo? 
 Did Superman have a gun?" Nah, but the Soopaman Lovah do! 
 So I pulled out the fo'-fifth, left the bitches open 
 Had another clip in case some mo' bitches want mo' shit 
 And I saw that trick Bewitched flying on her broomstick 
 Pa-dow! Shot her down because I leave no witness 
 Job well done I cleaned myself in a hurry 
 Oops! Gotta catch this blunt session 
 With I Dream of Jeannie and Kieth Murray 
 Aiyyyo-yo-yo Keith aiyyo what's up? 
 Aiyyo