(Feat. Hurricane Gee) 
 Intro: Dr. Trevis, Hurricane G, Redman 
 Hahahahahahaaaaa 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 Geyeeah! As we take a journey to the darkside 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 From Hell and beyond, the knotty-headed nigga era has triumphed 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 A new ever! If you don't know, your bitch ass better 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 Axe somebody! Shoot 'em up! 
 (Glo) The Hurricane G is live and in color 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 (Glo) We run you motherfuckers! 
 (Red) The Funk Doctor Spock coming live and in color 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 (Red) We run you motherfuckers! 
 (R+G) Puffin mad spliffs, so fuck a bitch 
 And a nigga, cause niggaz, and bitches ain't shit! 
 Hahahahahahaaaa! Dr. Trevis 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 Is in the motherfuckin house 
 With a couple of sick patients for your bitch ass 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 Yeah! 
 Verse One: Hurricane G, Redman 
 The Hurricane G is the ultimate funk, pop the trunk 
 (Hoo-hah! Wild like Shaolin monks) 
 Representin, comin' out of Brooklyn, Flatbush 
 You wuss, you can't push push in the bush 
 Well uh, let's take a journey to hell and beyond 
 Where the bomb grows on palms, and bags labelled Cheech and Chong 
 The Jimi Hendrix of rap, I got an afro and 
 Bandanna, then I rock jams like Santana 
 I move MC's like niggaz move keys uptown 
 Red and Hurricane G, SO HOW YOU LIKE US NOW?!?! 
 Chorus: repeat 4X 
 (KRS) Watch out! We run New York 
 Yeah 
 Verse Two: Hurricane G 
 (Hurricane G hit 'em one time) 
 From the Brook, taught how to trick by the real gangsta crooks 
 So I holds back what you took! 
 I take my funk and my religion serious 
 Sanctify y'all and leave y'all house niggaz delirious 
 (Hahahahaa) 'cause I'm furious! 
 How dare you motherFUCKERS, forget about the ultimate 
 Funk, BITTTTTCH nigga! 
 I got your wicked witch with a switch 
 Motherfucker, fuck you and your crew! 
 So what nigga, is it you wanna do? 
 In ninety-fo' I kick the wicked for the bitches 
 For the real trick deez who can dig it 
 Cause after pop thought all that, Hurricane stay fat 
 Word to mom, big dick boricuas in the back 
 The queen of the East coast, funk gangsta pack buddha 
 On the rhyme since eighty-nine 
 It's all in your mind, but what's yours is mine 
 Your dough and your hoes Bump N Grind to my rhymes 
 Now! It ain't a nigga who could hang 
 Or pop yang, about a motherfuckin th-a-a-a-ang 
 And uh, fuck any bitch who can't hang 
 I'm representin bitches universal! 
 It go, one for the biz, on the bizness 
 Which y'all blesses with God's blessings, do you see? 
 Hurricane and Redman original steel 
 Latin Queens in the house! 
 So nigga swing it over here on these big fat tits! 
 (Titties, hahahahahaa) 
 Verse Three: Redman 
 The Funk Doctor Spock, blast up on your block 
 I'm walkin' through the sewer with manure on my socks 
 Your style, I freaked it when I was a child 
 So you talkin' that baby talk like, Who's Talkin' Now? 
 Verbally I crush, brains erupt 
 Blow your focus, like you sniffin angel dust 
 Run of the mill I'm not, watch me kill a cock-sucker 
 And cause ruckus, like them L.O.D. motherfuckers 
 Every verse every word I preach 
 Represents the East, long as the human eyes can see 
 Gimme that funk funk funk funk funk funk funk funk beat! 
 I light a blunt for niggaz up in Sing-Sing 
 I do it to death, style is funk that's fresh 
 Remove your vest, you just won the wet t-shirt contest 
 And I'm hotter, than the Globetrotters in the Bahamas 
 I got a pair of pajamas made out of ganjah and almonds and I'm as 
 Eager, as nigga wantin my shit to dub 
 Cause my shit be BANGIN' like the Crips and Bloods 
 Troop, I flew the coop like Big Bird in Timb boots 
 I Skywalk the planet like my code name was Luke 
 From the darkside, I'm from the darkside Pah 
 I'm Above the Law like Steven Segall 
 Motherfucker! 
 Outro: Dr. Trevis 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 Hahahaha, we take you to the darkside 
 Come travel 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 On our metaphoric futuristic type shit 
 As we blow your brains like spliffs 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 Dr. Trevis is outta here 
 For the nine-fo' you stank... bitch 
 (KRS) Watch out! 
 Yeah 
 (KRS) Watch out!