Destinies fulfilled off the filling from the pillow talking 
 How you killing my ? I hope you built the coffin 
 I got virgin learns please excuse the coughin 
 Think I'm bout to blow, they call me George ? boston 
 Respect is never given so I confiscate it 
 Get acquainted with mine I get them aclamated 
 ?Red dice I'm a gambling man I'm never taking twice 
 Had to escape the life 
 This ain't for all and every people, don't compare me to rappers 
 I'm trying to be like The Beatles, 
 Give me some soul money, niggers is gassed up 
 Tell them to keep it running, I'm keeping the grass cut 
 No snakes, royalty hating niggers don't get no pussy 
 So it's more for me, she invited me in her mouth 
 You know it's ? we throwin' racks, she said please don't talk to me 
 All my niggers is winning, shout out to Charlie Sheen 
 I spit bars?money machine 
 A money machine, of course I'm trying to be the king that was part of my dream 
 ? Late on me, fuck ya, so we fuck ya, we don't love ya 
 ? Patron at 4 am, fuck the last call 
 The way your heard of that, the way yo heard of all 
 Hard listen me ?for when the ? they judge us 
 Dark side of town, baby mama blues, 
 When dramas and ? niggers and drama consume 
 All ? you ask boys, while you knock that bitch up 
 You can't ? out boy 
 I'm a ? my opinion is my? 
 I'm in forever, these ever niggers ? and pencil 
 Got ? colors, only loco they're buzzing 
 I'm at Dallas with luggage flash straight to the money 
 And yo all understand my ? my colocvial's lovely 
 Saw they quote me and love my like I'm a poet or something 
 How I kick it I ? like ? or something 
 Shady bitches ? is disgust me 
 Make the least of you haters, make the most of your money 
 Hard ? consistence drop long as your motor's running 
 I used to heat on mama house by opening her oven 
 Now mama see that shit on Oprah and know that it is coming 
 That's real shit, it's ? rap, my nigger Cole busy, but ? is back 
 I light a ? tell them sip of my ?thinking of rap 
 They weren't thinking of rough, they were giving a fuck 
 Now everywhere I go they be giving it up 
 I seen it all? quarter 
 They had that rocking like a ? know that 
 Shout out to captain ? and free my nigger Ricky 
 We always ? for polo, we miss you little Penny 
 We skip college, chase dollars and black pennies 
 Now in the kingdom ? where this mess in is 
 Where bad bitches with bad intentions just act really 
 This way they love you then they hate you going? 
 Yeah, going ? they like you then they hate you, going? 
 Going ? sweeter and the simpler 
 Who got the juice nigger? 
 ? Nigger, work, work, work, work, work.