Now they sippity, brothers kickin me everyday 
 Why thy fuckin' plottin on mine? Touchin my 5 grades 
 A girl's face, friend of mine say yeah I came 
 They such a drag but they say it's a nay nay 
 Stevie Wonder had them visual problems 
 It's a wonder my 20-20's can see tomorrow 
 You 20 something, those rockets jumpin' like Vietnam 
 As mama be within me importantly grip tighter 
 Ain't no hope for a young nigga 
 Ain't no goals for a young nigga 
 Too short for a sport nigga 
 That be horrific, we glorifyin them drug dealers 
 Yeah, so where yo keys at Playboy? 
 I sling high, purple leafs at a warp speed 
 Usain Bolt runnin' from ready set bang go 
 Throw it out my face, nothing the bank doin' 
 I paid for em, they layin more that I paid more 
 The X showin to sell your love, try to thank do it 
 I must influence some better music, let the hate show up 
 When ladies show up we make noise, that mechanic noise 
 Coke boys, just stay up on em, wants to get 'em open 
 Go and slaughter, haters trading thoughts with brain storms 
 We all existing for dreams whether music a ball 
 Wonder who in the song or simply pursuing them all 
 Just paint a picture, I'll ignore the mission 
 Have my fun at district everything but monumental 
 I ain't gotta mention all the little flaws 
 Where the stairs it's the boys, ride on heart to follow politicians 
 And they marrying yo bro, yeah I have Barry Saunders 
 Nother one that be gangster, put them dirty pads up 
 The mad route, try and get my pants off 
 The stash bright, I was mastering with the slam walk 
 Slide out, I ain't right, double white offs 
 Is the rhyme got the whole city taking my row 
 Taking my row 
 Hey nigga that is my house 
 Black hero 
 Ain't no black hero 
 Ain't no hope for a young nigga 
 Ain't no goals for a young nigga 
 Too short for a sport nigga 
 That be horrific, we glorifyin them drug dealers 
 Ain't no goals for a young nigga 
 Too short for a sport nigga 
 That be horrific, we glorifyin them drug dealers 
 Ain't no goals for a young nigga 
 Too short for a sport nigga 
 Say we all get 
 We all get aha 
 And we all and we all and we all 
 And we all get aha 
 And we all and we all and we all... 
 And I wrote this album without a care in the world 
 But the outcome as long as long it's an out pour of em 
 Came out they downfall like an overblown round ball before my sound off 
 Or maybe this music will inspire a future mountain mover or two 
 And if I ever rush more music out to you 
 Then know that I'm overworking myself 'cause my heart and mind into it 
 Ain't been a black hero since Robert Townsend 
 So for meeting your man I hope you found something profound and enough to expand on before the sound falters 
 Ha ha, before the sound falters 
 Yeah, so yeah, how come uh... 
 Yeah, I came in to do the album 
 Right 
 I thought we're doing the album today 
 How come? What happened? 
 When are we doing that? 
 Are we still doing that? 
 Do you wanna do it? 
 Album about nothing, when are we doing that? 
 I thought we were doing that 
 I just wanted to see if I can get you here 
 I'm here 
 I came here to do it 
 I don't really have much for you right now 
 I don't know what to do 
 Well when are you gonna have it? 
 When am I doing it? 
 I'm ready to do it right now 
 I wanna do it 
 I'm not too sure Jerry 
 Well who is sure? Who is in charge of this 
 This is Gifted, this is The Gifted session 
 This isn't album about nothing, this is The Gifted session 
 Oh this is The Gifted session 
 Yeah, for the album that I got now 
 Okay 
 All right then I guess I'll come back 
 Please