Ok! 
 Yeah! I got the in my pocket, and I'm talking like this 
 Face down, ass up, that's the way, we like to fuck! 
 There some hoes in this house, trying to fuck 
 There some hoes in this house, trying to fuck 
 Face down, ass up, that's the way, we like to fuck! 
 There some hoes in this house, trying to fuck 
 There some hoes in this house, trying to fuck 
 I got all these hoes trying to fuck 
 I got pussy on my mind, I got patron all in my cup 
 I got shawty on my line trying to do to you know what 
 And I ain't got saying no word, you know I 
 I swear that you know what. 
 'Cause I don't play, no way! 
 I take her home, I touch that down, you take that home and you 
 'Cause I'm gonna kick it, and about my 
 When I'm counting them hoes I got no bitches 
 Look, I got my city, 'cause I run that shit 
 But I face down, and your ass up 
 And your ass up, and your face down 
 She coming up trying to rough 
 I grab a wheel, I stay down 
 Just breathe hoe, breathe hoe 
 I gotta rub her off my pocket, never sleep and I got it 
 Bad bitch she look tropic, and she fucking right that she shopping. 
 Matter of fact don't lie 
 I'm a hot fuck like I'm flying 
 Got perks off my system 
 I tell 'em hoes when I get up 
 Put your face down, ass up, that's the way, we like to fuck! 
 There some hoes in this house, trying to fuck 
 There some hoes in this house, trying to fuck 
 Face down, ass up, that's the way, we like to fuck! 
 There some hoes in this house, trying to fuck 
 There some hoes in this house, trying to fuck 
 Her pussy good, my dick is gold 
 I'm in your hood, I'll probably fuck your hoe 
 These bitches nasty, I need my nuts lick 
 These bitches know I got that deep up in your gut, dick 
 Face down with your back at, fingers spread that ass apart 
 And I'm deep in it, and she lick it, plus a couple nights that they sleep in it 
 Don't you try to run, where that pussy gone? 
 I eat on the week day 
 Weekend hurt three friends 
 Got a nigger 'cause I'm deep in when I dove in 
 Pussy feeling something like the ocean 
 She ain't never let a nigger know when 
 Is it gone a nigger soaking. 
 Is it leave a nigger soaking! 
 I'm with that, and I get that 
 Hold up! 
 I'm nasty and I throw that, your ass bitch 
 Bad bitch know I know 
 Couple bad independent women in my section 
 You'll be dollars, I don't even pay attention 
 And I knew we'll be popping bottles, and I don't think it's a problem 
 Just hold up, and be opened up! 
 Put your face down, ass up, oh you know 
 And now you're mad, saying that I treat you bad 
 But I treat you I treat you you'll be leaving 
 Now we're at and honest, try to see what's 
 See the plan, come alone, or I'll go back home 
 Play this mother fucking song, hey!