(Wale) 
 Ok I'm Wale but you can call me nada 
 My momma old G which makes me a Don Dada 
 Momma say I'm a cutta 'cause my hair like a shotta 
 The feds like to follow cause my bread like to knot up 
 So roll up the Marley my eyes are low up in this party 
 I'm looking for a (?) 
 Louie where my eyes at 
 Prada where my feets at 
 You ain't gon find that 
 Ask me where my mind at 
 You could never find out 
 Ride nine nine five haters in my eye sight 
 More about nothing 
 Muthaf-cker better download 
 (?) My DL's on the down load 
 Keep 'em in the closet MJ Noami 
 I don't need no friends (?) 
 My broad is a trophy 
 Broads out Moco broads out Southeast 
 Killer stay uptown, load NBA trick 
 Never give my heart to hoes that want my play sh-t 
 Gold digger sonar, roam like it ain't nothing 
 (?) But look what I made from it 
 Carmelo straight stuntin 
 Purple label 8 hundred 
 I better get the four Rose had the summer 
 Read n-gga sh-t 
 ATL was sippin them 
 Magic city sippin them 
 Gucci (?) cover my dreads I think I'm Gilligan 
 I don't really mess with the feds (?) 
 If they not talking no bread than we ain't listening 
 Straight lane Kiffen them 
 We ain't playing for rings and that trophy I mention before I let 'em keep 
 Reggie Bush I'm murking my Kardashian (car dash in) 
 Might as well crash and pass it to Miles Austin 
 That's how I'm going, hoes want but now I'm on 
 A couple poems a couple songs and now its on 
 And this woman is loving the way that I perform 
 (?) 
 Shout out my n-gga miles 
 They stop the whole game every time I come around 
 And me and them rappers don't share no common ground 
 I'ma a sphere they a square they can't even come around 
 I ain't finished yet, I ain't finished yet 
 Bitches love me, houston like spinach dip (?) 
 Get it I got that cold flow, Winnepeg 
 This is work I am in a different World, Winnefred 
 Tulisa all black Caprices, (?) so far gone going on (?) 
 And me and my broads (?) and (?) 
 So every time I treat 'em in the mall I gotta re-up 
 And y'all gotta relax talking bout that he wack 
 Or they be reminscing over you word to P-Rock 
 Riding in a CL, hope I never see jail 
 And even if I do I know my momma gon be well 
 (?) Love 'em whether she know it, 
 The youngest outta two see (?) while she grown up 
 When they hate I never give a whole f-ck 
 I have sh-t purple haze purple half cents 
 I have dollars for a young'un never had sense 
 I have sins so my parents never had lent 
 Now I'm getting it everything lavish I'm ballin 
 LeBron low punch I was maverick 
 Ravishing, rick rude of rappin' you bastards 
 And I just want to hold her 
 She all that I can handle 
 (Gyptian Chorus)