(feat. TCB) 
 Get that ice cream 
 Get that ice cream 
 Get that ice cream 
 (here comes the ice cream truck) 
 Get that ice cream 
 Get that ice cream 
 Get that ice cream 
 (I got ya'll this summer) 
 (WALE!) 
 (you my ice cream (my BKS) girl) 
 (you my BKS) 
 Like somethin on my mind I'm finna let it know it, 
 She heard I was a mac I heard she was a roller, 
 And this is how I'm going, your man ain't gotta know it, and I don't give em lines ([? ] could be lies) baby girl take a token, go in (?), and I ain't never?, cause two fives got me, they know me at the quarters, and I'm a know court with a flow like noet (? HUH) and I don't give em roses 'less it's Rosé Moët, hold it, Wale for Lauren, Saks fifth ave. when they shoppin at Target, got it, homie where you want it, my studio a day spa, booth, a stunna, on another level here, ya'll all irrelevant, anywhere the fakin' wale I'll calm mellow 'em (?), (ooh), 
 [? ] 
 Two scoops, shorty get that ice cream, 
 (sing it to me girl) 
 Get that ice cream get that get that ice cream 
 (ooh cherry on top, she like it on top and when I hit the spot the cherry gon pop, the cherry gon pop the cherry gon pop and when I hit the spot the cherry gon pop) 
 She say she ain't with it, she say she got a nigga, she wasn't no beep, until she heard the lyrics, that what I call spittin, sixteens official, French Vanilla kissin put that come in the middle, the cherry on top, she like it on top and when I hit the spot the cherry gon pop, the area I'm at put my city on the map and, I'm making that guap while this is for the rap (wale!) that's me (wale!) they not me I'm the intergrate name the haters watch me, leave em with a reason, all the reason to be mad, you'll never find better go explore like reaction, this is rap with a go-go attachment, I'm [? ] like ahand shake partner [? ] I curry chicken ask niggas like bod swad [? ] hip hop and? the world gon rock that, 
 Two scoops shorty get that ice cream. 
 [chorus] 
 Now I've met a lot of women with them uptown women make me love em just a little they my ice cream girl, had an east street banger, beautiful endangerous, listen to me baby, she my ice cream girl, had a law go slam with a girl not a man still take em by the hand she my ice cream girl 
 Had a four? diva, sneak game clean, and I put her on my team she my ice cream girl, had a young and outrageous I wanted to get the kids we separated but still she my ice cream girl 
 Had a south side rider, right to the side, I mean ain't gon lie she my ice cream girl, had a young and out nova, nuttin but the couture, and we still close she my ice cream girl, DC VA, women of the world you messin with wale you my ice cream girl, 
 Two scoops...