You know guys, it's really Nick's decision, dude, what happens with this mixtape. 
 This is totally "100 Miles and Running," dude. 
 I couldn't get any drops from any famous people so I'm just gonna say it myself, dude. 
 I appreciate you downloading the mixtape, however. 
 You got it, whatever, you know, Catchdubs/Wale thing. 
 So, what I need you to do right now is roll your windows up keep blowin' on something - the AC blowin' on you. 
 Tell your girl don't talk to you for about 2 minutes and 30 seconds, 3 minutes, or however long we about to do it. 
 Yeah, you, don't say nothing, okay? Just bob your head like you get it 
 Peace to Maryland, but still an uptown roamer 
 Aroma, strong enough to bring 'em outta coma 
 The wake up, dawg get ya face off the pillow 
 Necessarily rough 'em, I'm a fightin' armadillo 
 No fumbalaya, no fumblerooski 
 One choke of this you a note from Mariah high 
 Wale they call me Tiger Stripes 
 I'll forever move any cat they admire mine 
 With that MJ flow they hurl mine to my 
 So the mind they mine don't coincide with mine 
 Go inside the mind, you will find the mine 
 You see my mind's a bomb sittin' behind my eyes 
 Detonating when I rhyme a rhyme 
 So in layman's terms my words burn 
 There you lyin' a rhyme 
 Also, this mothafucka got a nine to five 
 Hardest spittin' mothafucka this side of the line 
 Harder niggas try to hate me, they be lovin' this side 
 They were niggas quite similar to pitching the lines 
 But the same deposition take an L every time 
 And I'm no 'Los Rogers, no Mike Williams 
 Holla at ya boy young Roy's in the kill shit 
 Home of the terrapins, beware of the Gilchrist 
 Weed's played out, they on that pill shit 
 A bad mothafucka, where that MILFs at? 
 I work overtime, Millsap 
 Y'all Millhouse, blew y'all head 
 Pause, you not near Wa-le 
 Who not fear? Dawg, yeah, dawg, you, them E-T-C 
 I.E. I get sick, white tee, I be kicks 
 Y'all be highly obliged when I drop my shit 
 Me and you I think we should ride 
 Come on come on come on come on 
 Don't worry just done get inside 
 Come on come on come on come on 
 I can't promise this verse will be better than the first 
 But still how you niggas I get jacks on the first 
 In search of my perfection, no gotta love it further 
 In search of my direction, my genre is certain 
 It's hip-hop, not pop 
 Been waiting for the real, real long like skirts at a sock-hop 
 I like bitches in Air Maxes without socks 
 And when they wear makeup I'm like "No sir" 
 I can't fuck with the alter 
 Sorta like a dyke that I altar 
 I gotta bounce, I don't call her 
 I just bounce like there's no hole 
 Barry Sanders on turf 
 That means I have no block 
 True, indeed, I don't rep no block 
 I rep for the people that rep hip-hop 
 And it don't stop 
 I went to school with the white boys 
 So I can understand the plight for 'em 
 But I don't mean to finna fight for 'em 
 I ran the street with the street niggas 
 So I can understand police victims 
 But I don't mean to finna speak for 'em 
 I mean to speak for 'em 
 With the s'more from the narrative 
 Check it 
 And you can tell everyone 
 I ain't finna lie and I ain't finna fake 
 It's Wale Folarin, I tell you how it is 
 State your fuckin' biz 
 If y'all about to hate then alleviate the diss 
 And talk some more shit 
 Ready? Huh 
 Me and you I think we should ride 
 Come on come on come on come on 
 Don't worry just done get inside 
 Come on come on come on come on