Gotta work - slight work 
 D - town to the DMV! 
 Diplo, wassup! 
 "Work it, work it!" 
 (Wale) 
 I can do it all and it ain't no problem 
 Ain't nobody harder than a nigga Folarin 
 Bitch, I go hard, I'm ballin', I'm globetrottin' 
 And my flow art my nigga, I'm Mozart with it 
 As often, I do this 
 I turn a straight prude bitch into a nudist 
 Foolish, I be on that new shit 
 And I'm blowing up like bitches we went to school with 
 Ain't nobody checking for your garbage 
 Lot of intuition, I ain't never finished college 
 Never hit the mall and forever get it all 
 Any broad bet I lay her like I'm dressin' for the fall, nigga 
 And I'm all that, hit the passenger door 
 Shawty was Pinkberry sweet and I ain't lactose 
 I ain't tryna brag though 
 I just know I'm that dope 
 Kick game bojack, my Bo Jacks Tae Bo 
 And it ain't no problem 
 You race to these broads, I relay and baton em 
 Bitches ain't around one thou 
 But when you step out, why these bitches run out 
 Double MG shit, I put the set down 
 Rick James that, bad bitches on the couch 
 Word play, Olubowale is my first name 
 I think I'm Koko B. Ware, you just a bird babe 
 I got a pair of J's, I roll a pair of J's 
 We up in Diamond Supply, spending that carat cake 
 Let 'em marinate, you forever late 
 A million home sellers couldn't find a realer state 
 "Work it!" 
 It's light work 
 Right work 
 Wrong drink, the right work 
 Work, work, work, work... 
 (Big Sean) 
 Bitch you ain't a boss till you cut a fuckin' paycheck 
 Only thing between me and your bitch is a latex 
 Man, and I ain't into saving these hoes! 
 My nigga, tell me where you see the cape at? 
 B-I-B-I bitch, B-I-G 
 Two things that I don't need are you and my ID 
 I'mma need a yellow cab and a yellow bad bitch 
 Green faces but a nigga dodgin' yellow badges 
 Woop! 'Cause I'm drunk... 
 Under 25, living the fuckin' life 
 White America said I'd be doing 25 to life 
 And just for that, I'mma blow 25 tonight 
 You make 25 a year, I make 25 a night, whoa! 
 Blocka blocka blocka! 
 Bitch get hit with my Ciroc-a Vodka chopper 
 Taking body shots: blocka-blocka-blocka! 
 Probably in your girl's dreams, probably in your daughter's locker 
 Top floor like I'm out tanning 
 And they stole your whole delivery now that's outlandish 
 I guess like the delivery man, I'm outstanding 
 Car tinted 
 I'm in that tint like I'm out camping 
 God damn it, I'm one hell of a guy 
 Looking down on a cloud: that's a hell of a high 
 Bitch I gets ghost, the way she screaming "Big!" 
 Niggas couldn't tell if I was dead or alive 
 Probably got your girl going crazy, crazy... 
 From the D-Town to the DMV, got all these bad bitches 
 Tryna get on me... 
 We need to see ID