Because you said this would be better. Remember? A vacation from ourselves. That's what you said... I'm sorry, you've gotta get a job 
 Bammas is trippin'. Vacationin' 
 You see they way out they minds with no return ticket 
 This how here go 
 This how I hear it different 
 That's why I'm so annoyed 
 That's why I here whispers 
 Call me a product of my own damn hood 
 Since Nautica was popular than popular for good 
 Reason I'm good 
 Reason I stuck with the sound 
 I ain't playing like the rest who got free from it 
 I grew up on circuit boys and go-go music 
 A couple others but I feel they less important to me 
 The point is 
 It pointed 
 Me in the direction of my home grown noises 
 Of a artist I loved yet avoided 
 Imitating out-of-towners wasn't going well 
 And I ain't goin' well 
 I jive like Bone 
 Them fast songs was cool but never wrote to 'em 
 Only concern was the home that was close to him 
 Our style, our slang and our own music 
 If I could hone my tone I could blow too 
 So I phone Tony Craig, said we gonna do it 
 And that we did... 
 (Hey Dan was that all right? Damn smack everythin' sound good, we gonna keep it... Next Verse) 
 A lot of rappers sound like a lot of rappers 
 Sound wise... or that style they puttin' out now 
 They puttin' out the same blueprint 
 So pun... it's no new shit and it ain't no fun 
 It's no fundamentals it's one dimensional 
 One can mention one's self and it'd be too pretentious 
 And to pretend as if 2Pac is not these dudes' intentions 
 Pay attention if you should listen to his shit and they shit it's too convincing 
 As well as Chris-to-pher we miss ya 
 But every march ninth another twenty is with us 
 Clones... imitators known 
 For imitatin' the off switch like I'm on top of my own 
 And they copy what's on 
 And copy what's hot until that goes cold 
 The one who breaks mold is that last to get on 
 But usually will last cause the last stick is on 
 And firm his beliefs... his heart made of stone 
 Opposers try to knock but harder he will go 
 Never can he mimic... maybe can admire 
 But never will he imitate another rap nigga 
 I am Wale and never can I vacate 
 Never can I straight face 
 Look at Wale and say you nothing but a biter 
 Not the enlightener or liaison to the niggas that's grindin 
 Niggas that's reading 
 Niggas that's learning 
 Niggas that's scheming 
 Niggas out Maryland 
 Niggas out DC 
 Niggas who ain't seen beef 
 To niggas in it knee deep who you think keep peace... me 
 And I'm free free free... 
 (Wale Folarin mixtape about nothing, but really I am saying something, y'all all bluffin... keep coming) 
 Even if I ever leave now 
 If I ever bleed DMV you can hear it when I speak 
 You can hear it in my lyrics 
 And even when you old and your hearing incoherent 
 You can feel it via spirit 
 Via my inheritance speakin' as I did it 
 Via niggas rep spreading speeches through the city 
 The outskirts listen 
 The outskirts distribute my vision contributing to the buzz I position 
 The thugs say I'm cool 
 The cool say I'm thug 
 The mirror's screaming at me saying I'm Emmi Lola's son 
 I am not the only one 
 In the city where the Burns magazines say I'm in 
 I don't really give a fuck 
 DC lovin' ya 
 I don't want it on my back 
 And they label me king... you can kindly take it back 
 I don't want no fucking crown 
 I don't need no fucking throne 
 See, the kings get killed very least overthrown 
 I'm a thorough ass nigga I don't need a nigga hold me 
 Even if I roll I'm a forever gon be home 
 See there no place better than the state of my mind 
 There's no time wasted and no vacations... Bitch...