Okay, uh, look. If you wanna just keep doing the same old thing, maybe this idea is not for you. 
 I for one am not going to compromise my artistic integrity. 
 And I'll tell you something else, this is the show. And we're not gonna change it 
 Never will I ever utter never to myself 
 Fall in love with defeat, throw my endeavors on the shelf 
 I never back up like Cleo Lemon on myself 
 Lemonade connoisseur life's lemons coming out 
 When life gets sour know I still devour 
 I remember Peabody mice crawling up the shower 
 Now it's motorbikes, warm nights out in Maui 
 And white bitches and light skinned women be smilin' 
 DC star, a PG legend 
 MoCo phenomenon Holmes I'm all of it 
 Yeah, they all love it though critique Jon Lovitz 
 And whack hoes hatin' on key out in public 
 See, welcome to fame where most of us is gon' change 
 If you never do, still niggas look at you strange 
 Niggas mostly assume, niggas make up they news 
 Once you made it you cool, they label you brand new 
 Really in subconscious 
 They see a star no longer the underdog 
 So nobody wanna walk with ya 
 They all talk like you think you was a god n'shit 
 But you the same that you always is 
 Yeah, they all convinced but all for shit 
 This all be different if you had an office key, yeah 
 And I'm the same, on e'erything I love, or everything I love 
 Please pardon my integrity 
 What were you thinking? What was going on in your mind? "Artistic Integrity"? 
 Wh-where did you come up with that? You're not artistic, and have no integrity 
 You know you really need some help, a regular psychiatrist couldn't even help you 
 Check it, so, my chin's high like a Japanese pilot 
 They frontin', they Charles S. Dutton movin' garbage 
 And what you callin' that so-called hard shit? 
 None like me, like I, founded a convent 
 To contend my content I'm on ends meet like a vegetable omelette, see? 
 So the more you see, it's few niggas speakin' like me 
 So they put me in the box with he, and he 
 And them which is more of a circus than a fair 
 They work to get there so to work to get theirs 
 I'll be nothin' but a replica lookin' in the mirror 
 Respect still there but ya boy's right here 
 We apples and oranges but everybody pears 
 They say I'm Lupe, they say I'm Lil' Wayne 
 They say I'm too Jay to portray new-lay 
 They say I'm too nice to be a rapper 
 The prerequisite is gun clappin' so what happened 
 They label me a backpackin' nigga on fashion 
 I laugh at 'em, though Mr. West I ain't mad at ya 
 See, he in his soul mode, I'm in my go go 
 Only thing in common is these fuckin' Matsumotos 
 Yeah live from the SoHo, and hov told me I'd blow Joe 
 See I rap like a lifetime blown nose 
 All I know is I'm merely at Allah's nose 
 Meaning I'm lesser than a god but higher up than y'all 
 A lion in form, Matt Leinart when firing the ball 
 Pause Maya Angelou spawn, abandoned and raised by Nas 
 Raised by the sharks but I'm swimming with the prawns 
 I found my own lane, meet Mr. Folarin