Nobody wants to be with someone who loves them 
 No, people hate that 
 You want to be with somebody that doesn't like you 
 Ideally 
 I am never saying 'I love you' again unless they say it first 
 Nigga gotta tell you... 
 In the most endearing manner... that these jawns is for everybody 
 H-town, with J. zooted 
 I'm with J. Harden, I'm coolin' 
 And the way the broads are choosing us 
 I think I'm 'bout to move out Houston 
 Nigga, got that black bottle on me 
 Black-black bottle on me 
 Half the Bs in my suitcase 
 On the brown, I'll probably OD 
 'Cause I'm in H-town and I'm crawlin' 
 My favorite bitch at Dream be stripping around 2 
 She love to say "I fuck with you, thank you for coming through" 
 She gon' get you in your feelings, then get you out of your loot 
 Oh, she don't love you 
 She don't 
 She don't 
 She don't 
 She don't love you no more 
 Are you confident in the "I love you" return? 
 Fifty-fifty 
 'Cause if you don't get that return, that's a pretty big matzoh ball hanging out there 
 Aw, I've just got to say it once, everybody else gets to say it, why can't I say it? 
 What, you never said it? 
 Once, to a dog 
 H-town, what they do, yeah 
 I'm with J. Harden, I'm coolin' 
 And the way the broads are choosing us 
 I think I'm 'bout to move out Houston 
 Nigga, got that Black Bottle on me 
 Black-black bottle on me 
 All the Bs that I brought in here 
 Is on the ground, I know we'll OD cause 
 I'm out H-town, just coolin' 
 My favorite bitch is ready, said "what did you try and do?" 
 I told her "it's whatever," she told me "whatever" too 
 She told me it's a problem, what's the problem? 
 "The loot" 
 Yeah, she don't love you 
 She knows that I've been rolling up like a motherfucker 
 I've been pouring up like a motherfucker 
 Well, I've been creeping out like a motherfucker, sleeping out like a motherfucker 
 Friends tell me I'm a motherfucker, they know 
 I've been rolling up like a motherfucker 
 They know that I've been creeping out like a motherfucker, sleeping out like a motherfucker 
 Friends tell me I'm a motherfucker, yeah you know, you know 
 That body bang, need a body bag 
 Syrup in bottles, be balancing my anxiety, hey 
 I ain't sipping to fit in with niggas 
 I go to Texas for women, and no Timbaland weather 
 Mademoiselle, every nigga fetish for reals 
 Stay till the morning, my shit be snoring off with that pill 
 What a role model I be 
 I bet I lost respect when you saw me sweating off MD- 
 MA, blame it on the batch, girl, it's OK 
 Pop one to relax, see, this rap shit is so fake 
 Women so fake, all these niggas so fake 
 So who am I to ask 'bout ass, titties or whole names? 
 Now she giving government and her number away 
 (She don't) Hey 
 Meaning she wanna do things not for public display 
 (She don't) Hey 
 I'm off a high and I'm losing my mind, in a daze, yeah 
 (She don't) Uh 
 So won't you tell me you love me while I'm stuck on this wave? 
 She knows that I've been rolling up like a motherfucker 
 I've been pouring up like a motherfucker 
 Well, I've been creeping out like a motherfucker, sleeping out like a motherfucker 
 Friends tell me I'm a motherfucker, they know 
 I've been rolling up like a motherfucker 
 They know that I've been creeping out like a motherfucker, sleeping out like a motherfucker 
 Friends tell me I'm a motherfucker, yeah you know, you know