So you're the balloon, you've got that helium, and we travel with you through the string. So we're going up there with you even though we're on the ground. We can't fly, I can't sing, I can't make music, but I can get a-- I can buy it. So I can get a balloon. I can't fly, but I can get a helium balloon 
 I used to put my faith in the yarn, and now communication is gone 
 I agree we've gone distant, my new location the charts 
 Naw, mm, can't count the days, but let's just say five 
 Years, coming of age, it make you blow by your day job 
 So cry for me, wild for me 
 It's a horror story, eyes 20/20s that I-M-E your normal C 
 And I'd be different gettin' diplomas in peace 
 But gettin' applause and across, I'm hittin' Diplo for a beat 
 Slight work to Dahi, it's a purpose y'all see 
 In a world of dopplegangers, niggas ain't worth the copy 
 You capiche? You got me cold 
 Niggas'll fly you up this high, won't let you fly to the moon 
 Goin' up! 
 They love your moves made 'til you make moves 
 Achievin' new feats every few 8 shoes 
 16, took a nigga dream different 
 Had SOBs lookin' like it's new Supreme in it 
 See that the line's been beastin' 
 The main attraction, I got 'em hangin' their cleats up 
 I've been keepin' it G 
 It's levels to this fellow, hello I resemble the cheat codes 
 Some shit good, some shit fly 
 Some love to see you blow, they don't want see you pop 
 Shit good, some shit nah 
 Some shit recycled like second timers in Tour de France 
 First you picked up, now you pick the part 
 You get too fun 'til your core fans au revoir 
 They like, "You stuck with us, 'cause you let him fly" 
 Swear this life is like a helium balloon, I'm sorry 
 But I gotta fly 
 Now when a kid gets a helium balloon, he's holding that string and he's keeping this balloon from going anywhere. But he also wants to let it go 
 Gave you a contract, stay true through all that 
 Came through with Ross, writin' bangers for y'all 
 But I ain't lose my content, fuck all that nonsense 
 Diverse with rappin', I'm a writer with passion 
 Tell the purist that laugh I don't reach out for daps 
 'Cause "No Hands" triple platinum 
 Better writings for retail, why not see my detail? 
 Gettin' box office spins, only box I fit in 
 Is by thigh on a female 
 So they hatin' me for that, sayin' I just make women songs 
 It's perfect style every, versatile got me right where her walls at 
 Still know what my core needs, so fuck who ignores me 
 For I need niggas, I purchased 3 mirrors and show y'all what's for me 
 So he wants to let it go and he wants to catch it. Eventually he loses it, he doesn't want to lose it 
 Why they give a fuck about the songs I write? 
 As long as my tugs and my fans been nice 
 Movin' forward with my life 
 Crucify me, man of Jesus Christ 
 Man I do 'em no favor 
 'Cause 'nough of them are traitor 
 Them a real bite, biter 
 Them are try take your glory and your energy 
 Buffalo soldier 
 Send us a sentimental gangster 
 I mean a sinner, boy me 'fraid of 
 Them are try take your glory and your energy 
 Whatever, tell 'em it's whatever 
 Wanna see me good or never see me better? 
 Fuck 'em, can't say nothin' 
 'Cause the same hand heal you might cut you 
 Fuck 'em, you ain't sayin' nothin' 
 'Cause the same hand heal you might cut you 
 Whatever, tell 'em it's whatever 
 Wanna see me good or never see me better?