Time to clock in, baby 
 Yeah 
 You ready? 
 Yes, I was ready last time 
 We gon' call this "The Intro About Nothing." It's gon' go like this: 
 Lord, my all, what you think of it? 
 Been on this long road accumulating luggage 
 As time proceeds, preoccupied with everything 
 I think it's 'bout that I sing of nothing 
 Sipping wine, sipping wine, cause my Henny finished 
 Hard to be friendly with women who've seen too many niggas 
 So I keep my circle small, you need reduction 
 Never too much friends, what is your circumference? 
 I swear to God, times is hard, but they're getting better 
 Tryna enjoy every moment, but see we so competitive 
 Gubana made the level, and I never missed a supper 
 But still my hunger's like a fucking model at a buffet 
 I'm with these broads who in love, they ain't seen any better 
 But dollar signs never mind, and he keep a zero 
 And if my heart could speak, it would talk to freaks 
 And leave the room when a nigga try to sleep with 'em 
 Getting high, getting by, watching time fly 
 Tell my niggas, I'ma get 'em if they gon' ride 
 Young, wild nigga living the dream 
 Although I'm not who I'm destined to be 
 They keep saying, "Grow up" 
 Lord, my all, what you think of it? 
 Been on this long road accumulating luggage 
 As time proceeds, preoccupied with everything 
 I think it's 'bout that I sing of nothing 
 I pray my girl don't turn to my baby mother yet 
 But in fact I do, I need by boo to keep my shit in check 
 And shit get easier when dreams of chasing respect 
 Get realized, and ain't no team invading your set 
 Getting high, getting by as my mind fly 
 Just bought my homie a Roley simply to pass time 
 And on top it's lonely so keep your homies right by your side 
 And if life is short then we'll be the shorts of the Fab Five 
 Severed ties with any nigga who covet mine 
 And all the stunting got me looking ugly in momma's eyes 
 But I gotta do it, these niggas need provocative music 
 And as a youth momma worked too much to have an influence 
 Rapping and music, a bunch of bitches acting too foolish 
 You gotta be stupid, even Tim Allen had him a tooly 
 Getting high, sitting down, thinking out loud 
 It's a shame niggas lame, but I'mma hold it down 
 Let my bread roll, never let my friends go 
 That's why I let these dreads grow, I'll never fit your fucking crown 
 Getting high, getting by, watching time fly 
 Tell these niggas I'mma get 'em every other time 
 Young, wild niggas sit in your seat 
 Know every weekend every liquor for free 
 With chilly roller for leaf, nothing so silly, bitch, I sow what I reap 
 Double M Genius, make these bitches so deep 
 I make these niggas' opinion on younger lyricists consistently weak 
 Put my cardio in the audio and you missin' the beat 
 I'm out, standing in every avenue, I'm good in the streets 
 Outstanding, shitting on niggas, but you sit when you pee 
 Hold up 
 I figure, they don't care nothing 'bout albums. 
 So why not give 'em an album about - [chuckles]. 
 Hey, you better sing that shit, nigga. 
 This how you start the motherfucking show. 
 My fourth joint in a row. 
 The moon's in the motherfuckin' sky, all rise 
 Lord, my all, what you think of it? 
 Been on this long road accumulating luggage 
 As time proceeds, preoccupied with everything 
 I think it's 'bout that I sing of nothing