Uh. Let's do it. 
 Uh, 
 Folarin not havin' it, 
 Cover this track like a motha fuckin' laminate. 
 Yeah, real niggas in my cabinet, 
 You the type of nigga make a stripper turn celibate. 
 Lets celebrate, levitate, with the loud, 
 Never wait when we out, 
 Fuck a line, get in now. 
 What they bitchin bout? 
 What the goin' for? 
 Polo head to toe no zone 4. 
 Kick game Henry bitch, bonjour, 
 Winter time, all clear, 
 Summer time, different shore. 
 This a different motor man better go to work, 
 Rapper tryin' trade places like a mortimer. 
 Its no days off, all though I'm born to work, 
 But daddy gotta order somethin' dealers can't afford. 
 Ha, the envy in dime dealers, 
 Bentley ain't my but I let bitches recline in em. 
 Tell 'em they mind clippin I give 'em like 5 minutes. 
 Tell 'em we'll never be but they settle for side bitches. 
 Dc got wild niggas, 
 Them .45 niggas, 
 Some runnin' with 2 k's though we some loud niggas. 
 Don't get besides yourself, thinkin' I'm with the loving, 
 I just came back from Howard I made a deal for the locals, 
 They hit em, fling em, delete em, 
 Hug em, love em, then leave em, 
 If you call me a genius, nobody would disagree it. 
 I'm spotted on different beachs, 'cause he was smokin' reffah, 
 I hope you hit me by 3, I'm incoherent by the evening. 
 What's up sugah, I'm diggin yah, oh you ain't feelin' young'n? 
 That's even better I'm not that into submissive woman, 
 I'll like to tell you I'm the type to get all woman, 
 I put that battery in back so small wonder, 
 It's been a long summer, and I've been on my grind, 
 We killin' shows out in london like I'm on my grind, 
 I think I'm Larry Hoover, I think I'm Big Meech, 
 I think you need the streets to succeed the industry. 
 But I'm a different route, hip-hop lyric route, quote un quote 
 Backpack still bring them bitches out. 
 I bet you burnt em, you fry chicken nigga church em, 
 Or popeyes, we don't keep no birds in the circle. 
 Stop lyin' y'all pretenders y'all ain't really workin, 
 Ya wins lower than lauren, though you niggas urkel. 
 Kin folk, I've been dope since super soakers, 
 No matter who gonna show up I make a move over, 
 All that talk about who's better than folarin, 
 Go and get that bread and they'll be penniless tomorrow. 
 Living out of a homer shit, 
 Broke and no one notices, 
 Ghetto whip you lisa like your margerie and homer kid. 
 Rather beatin' on the bitch, 
 Motify your quota bitch, 
 PG bitches love me like I'm TCB and Polo bitch. 
 North potomac love me like a mother fuckin' jonahs, 
 That's why we're always goin' and we don't gotta go with them.