Shut up! 50 years ago, they'd have you upside down with a fucking fork up your ass! You can talk, you can talk, you can talk, you're brave now, motherfucker! Throw his ass out He's a nigger! He's a nigger! He's a nigger! A nigger, look, there's a nigger! 
 The color of my skin, content of my character 
 Dream of a King's been a nightmare for anyone 
 White with a badge or anyone 
 Slightly affected by the tide to this race that I'm running in 
 Pardon me, y'all, the racists I run against 
 The race war, when it's us against all of them 
 They subconsciously low talk us 
 And probably all think as Kramer did still but won't talk it 
 And first off, I ain't trying to be conscious 
 Speaking heart with a conscious, talking to you 
 This dark content for those of dark complexion 
 Who's x-ed off, Rip, who gon' listen to us? 
 Who gon' speak for us? Who gon' plead for us? 
 Who gon' be the Head N.I.C. for us? 
 Who gon' defend us from crooked police on us? 
 I'm just an insecure N.I.G. er 
 Please listen to me, please listen to me 
 Please listen to me, N.I.G. er 
 Please listen to me, who gon' listen to me? 
 Who gon' listen to me, N.I.G. er 
 Listen to me, who gon' listen to me? 
 Who gon' listen to me, N.I.G. er 
 Who gon' listen to me, who gon' listen to me? 
 Who gon' listen to me, N.I.G 
 Hey 
 And P say that I should stop saying nigga 
 But if I did, what would be the difference? 
 I'd still be a nigga, he'd still be a nigga in his feelings 
 I'd still be a nigga with no deal tryna get one 
 There'd still be niggas out killing 
 And still be white people still out to get us 
 And still be niggas saying whites tryna get us 
 And still be lazy and paranoid niggas 
 I'm paramount, nigga, I am, and you can't be mad 
 'Cause I choose the word nigga, lemme air it out, nigga 
 Nigga ain't bad, see, niggas just had 
 A clever idea to take something They said 
 Into something we have, something we flipped 
 Into something with swag, nigga, don't be mad 
 Bitches ain't shit, but women ain't bitches 
 See, women are the queens, and bitches just bitches 
 And bitches say bitch like bitch is not offensive 
 When niggas say bitch, all of the sudden, they offended 
 And niggas say nigga to a nigga 
 A nigga write nigga in a lyric, expect the white boy to omit it 
 The white boy spit it like he spit it 
 Recite it to his friends who, by the way, ain't niggas 
 And say nigga, nigga, nigga, my favorite rapper did it 
 And non-nigga friends got it with him 
 Incorporate this lyric to their everyday living 
 Until a black friend kinda hear it, just a tidbit 
 He thinks Aw, forget it, it's so insignificant and little 
 The white boy sees this as a clearance, now its 
 Nigga, nigga, nigga, every single day 
 And that little nigga nigga, thinks its okay 
 And he's the only nigga in this particular grade 
 And it begins to phase him more each day 
 The things they say went a little too far 
 He couldn't tell the difference between an a or er 
 So they just keep going, saying nigga in his face 
 There's nothing he can do, he let it get away 
 It came to the point he couldn't look 'em in the face 
 The mirror made him hurl, his reflection disgraceful 
 Yeah, and make sure everything you say 
 Can't be held against you in any kind of way 
 And any connotation is viewed many ways 
 'Cause under every nigga, there's a little bit of Kramer 
 Self-hatred... I hate you... and myself 
 Niggas 
 Uh, I lost my temper onstage, I was at, uh, a comedy club trying to, um, do my act and I got heckled and I, I, I took it badly and went into a, a rage... and uh, uh... said some pretty, uh... nasty things to some Afro-Americans, a lot of trash talk... for this to happen, for me to be in a comedy club and flip out and say this crap, you know, I'm... I'm deeply, deeply sorry