Look, I just want to make you better 
 I think I could save you 
 But I think I'm bipolar. I love you then I hate you. 
 Grew with this dame though I hate whoever ain't you 
 Hate when I can't date you but I also need my space too 
 I made room for this love. How foolish of me 
 And every woman looking at you knew that you was lucky 
 So check the verse miss. I ain't say I'm perfect. 
 But you was low on love, what I do; reimbursed it 
 And now it hurts to be around or converse with ya 
 And what's worse is before this I had worshiped ya 
 Now war missiles hand guns and grenades 
 The walls I couldn't break 'em or take 'em apart with a tank 
 Now momma told me be careful who you love 
 G said just rap it up, these bitches actin' up 
 And as for us, we was different though. Things have gotten difficult 
 Try to be Mr. perfect intercontinental, hold up 
 You spend your time with your friends all the time 
 And all that time with your friends put my momentum on decline 
 My minds gone evil. You changed with the season 
 You had a new clear heart. Guess I was Hiroshima 
 So now I need some Xanies, some Remy, and some reefer 
 So when this war is over I'm not PTSD'ing 
 And I don't wanna leave her. But you know what got me wondering 
 I'm scared to lose love but even more scared to love again 
 Why we gotta argue? Why we gotta fight? 
 I just wanna love you. I wanna make it right 
 It's like we both forgot what we were fighting for 
 So tell me why are we at war? 
 *Seinfield Skit* 
 Yeah, they do (whatever they want. Whenever they want) And nobody else castop it 
 I'm catching myself depositing these feelings she withdraw from 
 And I ain't got the gall to tell my godzilla byebye 
 So I'm hurting. My effort is apparent she not fertile 
 The anger I've adopted. The feelings been aborted 
 So now I press ignore if ever Cupid tried to call up 
 They call me better now. See when everything is stopped 
 And your loves in hindsight and you see everything it's not 
 Notice everything it wasn't. Realizing why it shouldn't ever be again 
 Cause in the end it's not bout what you put in. 
 Fuck kissing and hugging. They love pushing your buttons. 
 New love is so beautiful. Time just makes it ugly. 
 But fuck it I accept it. no longer will neglect it 
 If a period is late then I will mark it with a question 
 That mean I never trust em. And if you ever love them 
 Know that favorite girlfriends turn into crazy baby mommas 
 The war 
 Now why we gotta argue. Why we gotta fight 
 I just wanna love you. I wanna make it right 
 It's like we both forgot what we were fighting for 
 So tell me why are we at war? 
 Just another product of this matrix 
 This maze I'm in amazes me at times 
 I just wanted to be at peace with you 
 And if I gotta settle for a piece of you, 
 Then I gotta say peace to you. 
 With all due respect I do respect you enough to expect... 
 Effort is all I ask. 
 If we gonna last more, I gotta ask for more 
 And if that means that I'm askin for too much 
 I'm sure we'll end up as our last or... past 
 We bash 
 We blast 
 We shoot 
 We lose 
 We pass... war