(Verse One) 
 Mama ain't raise no fool, true 
 But me and my brotha never made it out school 
 She prayed on me passin ' that bar 
 Its way different ma you see I'm passin' out bars 
 The definition of a jetsetter 
 I'm hip hop still livin' like a good fella ' 
 Castle and crooks sweater, and the queen never trip 
 She drive away faster than you look nigga. 
 Have you seen adiza? with bitches? that look like Eve but with D cups 
 Wit a beach like an HBO Feature at night 
 A quarter-pound of sand in my un-released nikes 
 Amsterdam high smoke it all by the night 
 Nigga you ain't know about The life 
 When shit gets heavier than Norbit's wife 
 We still gotta Spit some enormous ryhmes 
 Niggas more than like and more than likely when you return home you ignored by the gorgeous wife 
 And she Feel slighted and you don't want to fight with her 'cause you tired 
 But Now it's back to the lab 
 45 messages right after you land feet 
 Feel Swollen you gone from the zanex and risking your life with the mic in your hand 
 Ya ya 
 We on a world tour Wale your man hustlin in each and every ghetto with the mic in my hand New York, VA, DC, get paid 
 We on a world tour Wale your man hustlin in each and every ghetto with the mic in my hand London, Tokyo, we gon' take you all around the globe, sing to em' shorty. 
 (Chorus):Jazmine Sullivan 
 (Verse Two) 
 See Dre' did Scotland and everybody jocked him 
 I did Scotland and got no props for it 
 Naw that just fucked up my jay's which fucked up my day rock walley's on stage 
 Freezin my willy off, no hotel, 
 I'm back on the plane while they was like go whale 
 I'm so well ahead of them I'm unpaved 
 I did justice to Justice one fre' 
 One thing that you niggas must acknowledge, 
 I need beats like the pants on a scottish kilt, 
 Whoa it's how it's dealt 
 I've been overruled more then than Neo Phelps. 
 It's harder when you by yourself my nigga Ron B. good health, 
 My nigga Ron Fest never give about self 'cause we think about wealth like Finch do MILF's on American Pie 
 It's hard to have American pride 
 When most of your money's made out of them lines, 
 The other half is out of them lies 
 They wanna to make a nigga like oh fuck 
 Relying so much that's it's on her, 
 We lying so much that it's over 
 Paid em' and they hate em' but they wrong for it 
 D.C. know who 'cause I'm on first 
 (Jazmine Sullivan) 
 You know when we give it, we give it hard 
 No half steppin baby this is who we are 
 Every word spoken from the heart (sp sp sp spoken from the heart) 
 To get wit it, get wit it 
 Lemme see your hands if you feel dis 
 We on a world tour and bringin' you more 
 (I need your hands in the air right now yeah!) 
 ???????? 
 Let's Go!