(Lincoln and Porsche) 
 Hello 
 Hey Lincoln 
 Hey Porsche what's up 
 Hey baby what's up 
 Nah nothing much, what's up with you? 
 Nah nothing, got this broke ass nigga outside 
 Oh y'all about to go out? Hang? 
 I ain't going out for long 
 Probably 'cause he don't be blowing no good 
 Naw baby he ain't like you, he don't be blowing no good 
 Haha well shit I got hotpockets in the oven, what you need? 
 I wanna see you later 
 Well my son do got a basketball game later on, but that lil nigga ain't even starting so 
 You so crazy 
 Yeah I'm... I can save that gas, I'll be through there 
 I been waiting in this bitch driveway for an hour my nigga, hell no 
 There's only one way I can fix this problem my nigga, that's sell dope 
 I ain't come in this bitch to politic or rub elbows 
 Even my own bitch know I'm mentally unavailable, I'm busy, I sell dope 
 I'm focused, I'm focused, I'm focused on three things 
 That's go and buy three chains, that's fuck your bitch at my earliest convenience and sell dope 
 When I'm with her she creeping on you, when I hit it I hit it with my phone on speaker phone 
 While she's moaning I'm still tryna, tryna sell dope 
 My teacher asked me what I wanna do when I grow up, I told her "Bitch, sell dope" 
 She told me go to the principal's office, I went to go sell dope 
 I don't care about y'all, what y'all wear, where y'all been 
 All I know is I'm fresh as fuck from head to toe 
 If you don't like it you can get the fuck out my car 
 Go over there somewhere and ride Pierre Cardin (You rude) 
 And when you see that bum make sure you tell him I said that I sell dope 
 For all the times I was dead broke 
 Speaking of dead, when I die, I swear I'mma try, I'mma still try to sell dope, sell dope 
 There's no other life out here I know 
 So I guess I should... 
 Sell dope 
 This is the only life for me 
 So I... 
 Sell dope 
 The nights are long and cold 
 Long and cold 
 But out here on these streets you'd swear I had pure gold 
 Pure gold 
 In my hands I hold your hope 
 Nigga 'cause I... 
 Sell dope 
 This bitch told me I can't get them digits my nigga, my nigga, aw hell no 
 It's only one way I'mma fix this my nigga, that's sell dope 
 A fan asked me for a picture, I squatted down for a jail pose 
 Then I dashed before the flash could finish, I forgot I had to go sell dope 
 What news you got, if it ain't about selling dope, I can't take it 
 The doctor gave me five months to live, I told her "Nigga, I can't make it" 
 Tell whoever set my expiring date I had a prior engagement to sell dope 
 That's why I'm in every discussion, I could sell a whale a bucket 
 Of well water, I could sell Harriot Tubman a motherfuckin' railroad 
 I'm the flower with the thorn rising out the concrete, y'all just born on Melrose 
 I stay strapped, I stay strapped like velcro 
 When I meet new people I introduce myself as "I sell dope" 
 I just had a job interview, they asked if I ever been to jail before 
 I said "Yes" then I got up and left, like fuck this shit I'mma sell dope 
 Cause right now I'm dead broke 
 Speaking of dead, when I die, I swear I'mma try, I'mma still try to sell dope, I'mma try to sell dope 
 There's no other life out here I know 
 So I should... 
 Sell dope 
 This is the only life I know 
 The nights are long and cold 
 Long and cold 
 But out here on these streets you'd swear I had pure gold 
 Pure gold 
 In my hands I hold your hope 
 Nigga 'cause I... 
 Sell dope 
 America, America, God shed His grace on thee 
 America, America, when will we all be free? 
 (I say it every day of my life God bless America)