(Intro - Royce Da 5'9") 
 DJ's and MC's (Oh!) 
 Coming up next is the incredible (oh!) 
 We takin' it back to the beats and the rhyyyymes 
 (Royce Da 5'9"?) 
 5'9"? is BACK, about to make a nigga spin on his BACK 
 Not on a cardboard, on the ground wit' people surroundin 
 Lookin' down at him lookin' astounded 
 Ready to draw around him; an outline of his body in chalk form 
 This nigga here let them trigger talk for him 
 His niggaz'll bark for him, for real, his hearts warm 
 So you've been warned, I don't even need to be drunk, (Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go...) 
 Forever the liquor is rootin' me on 
 I turn tables fast as Jam Master Jay do 
 I'm N.W.A., I choke hoes like Dre 
 Poke holes in the pavement, throw foes in they graves 
 And you can choose, between a broke nose or a A.K. 
 I make movies like Cube 'cept I use hammers 
 YEP! - I shoot but I don't do it with cameras 
 NOPE! - So you can call me Malcolm 
 You can all witness what I be doin' to all of these rappers (yes!) 
 Wit ch'all sloppy tactics; don't try to copycat me 
 If you ain't try ta box me back 
 And watch your back, don't take another LOOK into the eyes 
 Of a nigga that's willin' to ride till he blind 
 (Fuck a hook... fuck a hook) 
 Chika-chika-chika, Royce... 5... 9... (he's back) 
 Yeah, and it's on 
 (Fuck a hook... fuck a hook... fuck a hook) 
 Chk-chka-chka-chka, I will rhyme all day 
 YES! 
 I'll show you the back of your brain 
 Slap you with the back of the gun 
 Clap you when the rappin' is done 
 I aim to hit, I pack macs, accurate ones 
 Change the clip, I send rappers back where they from 
 Changin fast, the game I ask is not a sport 
 I'm tired of bein a fuckin' day late and a dollar short 
 And I'm back! All of you rap niggaz hide your mics 
 I'm ridin', dyin', and I ain't flyin by on them bikes 
 I'm walkin', talkin', you eye me you dyin' tonight 
 This iron is showin you the shine designed by Christ 
 And I, am the head reaper about to sic shit 
 You about to see dead people without the "Sixth Sense" 
 And yeah, takin' food off my mother's table'll 
 Get you killed regardless, like my brother's label 
 My heart and arteries a part of me, that'll test the truest 
 We can do it, put your vest into it, yeah 
 (Fuck a hook... fuck a hook... fuck a hook) 
 Chka-chka-chk, you don't wanna play with him today 
 Yeah - NO! 
 Yeah, hardcore! Rhymes galore! 
 OH! Givin' you what you need 
 Like I told you BEFOOORE... 
 Yeah, the rap game is DEAD, I'm bout to breathe life in it 
 Bring it back to when niggaz was cipherin 
 Yeah, back in the DAY, when nobody needed radio play 
 I was straight long as my radio played TAPES 
 And this went on before all of them pay dates 
 We was back flippin and wind millin to save face 
 These days, we'll give you the mac so stay in your place 
 I hope before you lay on your back, you sayin' your grace (pray!) 
 These new cats that rap to me they groupies 
 You never see 'em in Max Julius or them Guccis 
 Or they would've got robbed for them Diadores 
 Or the Gazelles, we the store, we take, we sell your 
 Items we took, have you goin' to tell 
 We crooks, we either goin' pro or goin' to jail 
 I know I'ma spare - many lifes 
 This rap shit is comin' with ME, cause don't nobody know how to share 
 (Fuck a hook... fuck a hook... fuck a hook) 
 Chka-chka... 
 ("Get in your mind, get in your mind 
 Get in your mind all day!")