(Ingrid Smalls) 
 Right there, right there? 
 Right there, right there? 
 (Royce Da 5'9"") 
 It goes up, down, side to side 
 That's how a real bitch ride, ride 
 With the whole thing inside, side 
 (Ah, ah) Don't be shy 
 Boom, show you where the liquid is 
 Blow and your lipstick smears 
 Lick that tip that meet mine then 
 You might meet my liquid kids 
 You don't gotta pay your physician big 
 And put that glaze on your glistenin chin 
 What? Baby I'm listenin 
 I know what your favorite position is 
 I know I'ma lick that if I have to 
 Hit it like a pack of zigzag wrappers 
 Hit it from the back then give it back to her 
 In the mouth then give a bitch a tic-tac after 
 (Chorus: Ingrid Smalls) 
 I, wannnnt you, fuck my brains ouuuut 
 I, wannnnt you, sweat my weave ouuuut (mmm) 
 I, wannnnt you, fuck my brains ouuuut (just like that) 
 I, wannnnt you, sweat my weave ouuuut (yeah!) 
 (June) 
 No mistake, June the great 
 Fucked the most hoes at Michigan State 
 Technique should be in the textbook 
 Love to have the ones that like to look 
 At their reflection, while we're sexin 
 Wanna smoke while we fuck? No question 
 Bitch yeah, is it cool for three? 
 Cause two girls just don't do it for me, I'm a beast 
 Hit it from the back, let me grab her ankles 
 Thumb's in the asshole, take the pain slow 
 Jump back on that cock, keep rockin' 
 Hundred milligram pill, bitch no stoppin' 
 Keep poppin', energy droppin' 
 Neighbors complain, say we too loud often 
 Another world - you love it 
 Don't you? My favorite nasty girl 
 (Interlude: man talking) 
 Yeah bitch, yeah take this sugar dick bitch 
 Take it, yeah, take this jackhammer 
 You ain't know I had that jackhammer, did you? 
 Yeah say M.I.C. bitch, say Vishis 
 Call me Vishis bitch, yeah (Vishis! M.I.C.!) 
 (June) 
 It goes up, down, once again 
 I fuck and make hoes confess they sins 
 Gotta make sure what's ya age again 
 Wish she had me on tape to show your friends 
 Have a king size bed when I fuck hoes over three times after sex 
 I don't even wanna smell your breath 
 My roommate peeps in 
 And uh (what's happenin') we both hit that again 
 (Royce Da 5'9"") 
 Get 'em in a rental, get 'em in a Range 
 Give a nigga brain; let my nigga watch, keep him entertained 
 It's a wonderful thing 
 Don't you go gettin' all sentimental with game, let a nigga bang 
 Ride the Titanic 
 Most niggaz go from small to large, I go from wide to gigantic 
 Let a nigga call in 
 As soon as I'm caught in, I'ma try to make a nigga fall in 
 Dig a deeper hole in it when I hit it 
 Put her on feet patrol, send her to the sto' 
 Never let her tell a nigga "no" 
 Ceiling or the flo', you dealin' with a crimin-iminal