(Royce Da 5'9") 
 Yeah ... 
 Welcome, to the flow switchin his doe 
 Flippin his fo-fo click and his soldier it's so ... 
 Infamous po', mixed with a rich nigga so 
 Been rippin this since this little piggie was ya toe 
 Hope my team win eventually, 'Cause I'm the last cowboy, that you seen on Your TV screen since the symphony 
 Follow me as I convey, the kind of patience I can say 
 I can take pride in ridin' with Dr.Dre 
 To realizin, you only be deprivin yourself 
 And only yaself when you bein' childish 
 But fuck that, I'm done with that 
 I'm done with tryna run with that 
 About to do the numbers that they do blunters that 
 Phase 2 get the walkin', minus drama, quit talkin' 
 Switch flows, switch markets, like ya mama ooh! 
 Seven years and countin' I been definitely bouncin' 
 From the majors to the papers to them magazines columns 
 I O-W-E you, see through, nickel done regrouped 
 Mark my flow ... 
 I O-W-E bitches my dick, my charm, my wit 
 I'm cold ... 
 Repeat x3: Do It Independently 
 This is for the money 
 Repeat x3: Go Independent 
 H dot N dot I dot C, why box me? 
 I poke your eyes out like houston, then slide out like boost and 
 Me and Los is here to post, bail from the prison 
 We been livin' in here since biggie was the sherrif 
 I'm about to touch on, every style you can think of 
 On this album from the streets, to the bounce, to the singles 
 From the niggas to the bitches, to the chickens to the killas 
 To the lyrics, niggas feel me, I'm the purest in the business 
 I matures so much mentally, my oral so intense I mean 
 I'm fore with my shit that's why them hoes still be into me 
 You can try to criticize, a killa when its in the size 
 So fly that when he walks he feels the thin skies 
 Real talk, niggas bark, niggas die, niggas start 
 Niggas try to pick apart my independent rise 
 You just cop that top brass 
 When you pop that in you solve the problem that hip-hop has 
 I O-W-E you, see through, nickel done regrouped 
 Mark my flow ... 
 I O-W-E bitches my dick, my charm, my wit 
 I'm cold ... 
 Repeat x3: Do It Independently 
 This is for the money 
 Repeat x3: Go Independent 
 5'9" is back, about to launch the attack 
 Fast forward the actual, you not allowed to chat 
 The gag-order is act, grab all of your plaques 
 Figerines and trophies and throw 'em all in coffin ya in and close it 
 Expose all the nonsense, they don't hear the lines then ... 
 They don't see the fine print, or they don't really compra-hend 
 Niggas pens, been doin' none of what I been 
 Doin' the last 7 years lookin' for profits 
 I O-W-E you people, 
 More than just a video where bitches where see-through 
 Clothin with the g-string, rollin' with the bling bling 
 Posin' for the breast, with the rolley with the vest 
 I owe D-E-T I'm the life of the spot 
 I'm the king whether they like it or not 
 Independent's Day got everything from the block 
 To the interstate locked, it's my genesis dropped 
 I O-W-E you, see through, nickel done regrouped 
 Mark my flow ... 
 I O-W-E bitches my dick, my charm, my wit 
 I'm cold ... 
 Repeat x3: Do It Independently 
 This is for the money 
 Repeat x3: Go Independent