Somebody very dear to me just attempted to kill herself 
 And showed me we don't fear death, we fear fear itself 
 Ever since ninety eight in hip hop my presence been felt 
 Couple of dollars, couple of models, couple of bitch niggas under my belt 
 Thorough nigga, I'm a hold you to it, if we hand shake 
 My plan B is to complete plan A 
 Grindin' been my strategy like this is my anatomy, 
 I should get a tat on me that say, why? Why? 
 Would you let some dollar dictate your army? 
 I brush my shoulders off, polish off haters! 
 If you play me, I will spray your potato, laid up with fakers 
 I put'em in the news in a major paper. 
 My roller coaster of a career, 
 Hope it's been real for you, because it's been weird for me 
 I feel like 
 They can take away the cars, they can take away the cash, 
 Yo, I bet you that they can't take the realness, that's in me! 
 I've been up, I've been down. I don't give a fuck! Yeah! 
 I've been up, I've been down. I don't give a fuck! Yeah! 
 I've been up, I've been down. I don't give a fuck! 
 They can take away the cars, they can take away the cash 
 Yo, I bet you that they can't take the realness that's in me! 
 I just want mama to be happy (mama to be happy) 
 Is that too motherfuckin' much to ask? 
 Damn it! 'Bout to cry in this bitch. King of the jungle, 
 I hate liars, but I fuck with a lioness bitch! 
 If you don't straighten your ass out right now 
 I will find you and iron, you bitch. 
 Grindin' been my strategy, like this is my anatomy, 
 I should get a tat on me that say, why? Why, why? 
 Would you let love is make you act like a faggot? 
 I'm fly! And you act like a maggot! 
 Money comes, money goes. 
 I used to wear funny clothes 
 Hammer pants. My mama used to wipe my runny nose 
 My real family, all I care about is her. I'm feelin' like 
 Then I watch my daddy hit my mama. 
 Listen to my mama tryna calm us, 
 Y'all don't understand the problem that we have. 
 Who gives a shit about dollars when you gotta go visit your father in rehab? 
 You said Rick Ryan Marcus long as I'm gettin' high your mama will be sad. 
 And only I can fix this so I'm a turn this all around I promise as we sat. 
 He said I'm down right now in life now and you know I'm a be back! 
 And when he got back home it was like he was heaven sent 
 'Cause I was only eleven at the time and he's been clean and sober ever since. 
 He gave me this advice, you at a huge advantage 
 Long as you know what's rules in life and a view for the planet! 
 Rather You the man, you're the mechanic, people treat money like oxygen 
 When they got it they take it for granted. But then lose it and panic! 
 So spoken, G. I look at him like superman, 
 And y'all know niggas ain't even close to me, 
 So if he can fall, so can we!