(Background starts) Hey, yo, I'm the king of this muthafucka, I'm the king of Detroit You do what I say what I say nigga, yo don't say it we gonna smoke this nigga 'Proof' 
 Fuck that you shoot that nigga, right there, get that nigga! 
 King Of Detroit, what up now fool, what up now nigga! (Background ends) 
 Many men, wish death upon P, 
 Its hard to survive in the 313. 
 I'm trying to be what I'm destined to be, 
 And niggas tryin' to take my life away. 
 I put a hole in a nigga for fuckin' wit me, 
 He ain't come dollo face in 1E. 
 Watch what you say when you talk about me, 
 'Cause I come and take your life away. 
 Many men, many many many many men, 
 Wish death upon me. 
 Dog I don't cry no more, 
 Don't look to the sky no more. 
 Have mercy on me. 
 Man these pussy niggas put money on head, 
 Gonna get your refund, 'cause motha fucka I ain't dead. 
 I'm the dozen in the dirt, that ain't been found. 
 The real king of the 'D' (shit) that ain't been crowned. 
 When I'm on, something special happens every time. 
 I'm the dopest, something like Roy Jones in his prime. 
 I walk the planks of the jungle, got a problem then fuck you. 
 Show you what my gun do, if you whack and unhumble. 
 Be for real, punk niggas, your new to the beat. 
 Ask any playa in the 'D', your new to the streets. 
 Y'all ain't from 7 mile, and y'all ain't wound. 
 Fuck a bone, when you hear that *click* it's a gun! 
 Many men, many many many many men wish death upon me. 
 Dog I don't cry no more, 
 Don't look to the sky no more. 
 Have mercy on me. 
 Have mercy on my soal. 
 Somewhere my heart turned cold. 
 Have mercy on many men, many many many many men, 
 Wish death upon me. 
 Now there wouldn't be real, if it wasn't for no heart. 
 If there wasn't 8 mile, there wouldn't be O Port. 
 Death gotta be easy, 'cause life is hard. 
 Murk you in afterlife, and see twice the god. 
 This is for my niggas on the yo, doin' there time. 
 The real murkers in Detroit, that shine on the ground. 
 I heard about that little hit, that you put in the hood. 
 But your shootifyougetshot ain't gonna do no good. 
 I'm like MG for shady, you can call me 'the Don'. 
 If you Micheal mothafucka, you gonna die in the storm. 
 Can't switch sides hommie, let cash ride hommie. 
 Thought we was cool, why you want me to die hommie? 
 You know how many mothafuckas wanna hear your bone break? 
 PA 7 Mile, FA's on May. 
 School craft LA mack and Bwick (note: I am sure this is not what he said!) 
 CCs Runyan AV. That's who 'P' wit. 
 The cops don't know much, where I tuck my glock. 
 I got the word from E-dog when Stuck got locked. 
 Ain't gunna spell it out for you muthafuckas on the grind. 
 Are you blind nigga, can't read between the lines. 
 From Cameon, Rico Shocka and G-low (note:once again I am sure its wrong) 
 Rock man, First born, boxy and Dlow. 
 Now lets clear, I'm here for a real reason. 
 He do a a hit, I do a hit, lets see whos still breathin. 
 *Gasp* 
 (Chorus Changes) 
 Many Friends, 
 I lost to this game, and this cocksucka come namin names. 
 So many hommies that passed away. 
 Run up on him, point-blank and blast away. 
 Many friends, many many many many friends, 
 That died on me. 
 I should have preserved my dog, poured out on the curb for y'all. 
 Your R.I.P. 
 Many friends, 
 I lost to this game, and this cocksucka coome namin names. 
 So many hommies that passed away. 
 Run up on him point-blank and blast away. 
 For Lewon, Click-click, Bugs and Snook, Don't care bout all them drugs he took. 
 Watch what you say when you talk about me, 'cause I'm always gonna walk the 'D' 
 Many friends, 
 That died on me. 
 I should have preserved my dogs, poured out on the curb for y'all 
 Your R.I.P.