(Let us pray) 
 Dear Heavenly Father, thank You for watching over us today. 
 I pray for the sick and [?] and for those who have lost loved ones. 
 Lord, I pray for the homeless. 
 Lord, I pray for our soldiers and their families. 
 I pray for everyone here today... 
 God taketh away, and God giveth 
 The clock's tickin' away as the plot thickens today 
 'Cause I'm sippin' hard liquor 
 We couldn't suffer the same amount of losses 
 'Cause my supply's bigger 
 Don't associate me with nothin' but that dopest child star shit 
 That Lindsey Lo', that Todd Bridges 
 Hit your block with a tickin' bomb that'll 
 Leave the competition in hospital 
 I'm the product of foolish pride 
 I'm a speeding bullet who responds to the pull of God's trigger 
 Jumpin' out the barrel, like "Excuse me, Nas. Move aside, Jigga" 
 I'm hard as proving ground bricks 
 Groundbreaking each time I spit words and they hit the street 
 You don't like the game, you can google my dick, bitch 
 And that goes to everybody 
 I pray for foes, I pray for hoes 
 I pray for everybody 
 But you can pray for them 
 If you gon' pray for somebody, pray for them 
 Don't pray for me, pray for Paris 
 Pray for Nigeria, pray for peace 
 Pray for your marriage 
 Pray your horse don't sway far away from your carriage 
 Why you put all your eggs in one basket? 
 Blowin' dumb cash on Wraiths and karats 
 Your daughter ain't an heiress, I hope she's taken care of 
 More importantly, I hope this gun in your face don't end up in your mouth 
 I'll make you taste the terror of the kickback of this gat that could break the barrel 
 More court cases, hate betrayal 
 If I approach thee, boy, please take me serious 
 'Cause if I say that I shall, I shall proceed 
 I don't cry wolf 'cause I don't enjoy wasting tears any more than I enjoy wasting shells 
 I looked at the state of my health and asked the reverend 'bout it 
 I didn't just pray for myself, I prayed for everybody 
 But you can pray for them 
 They need you more than me, pray for them 
 Pray for everybody 
 Look around, look around, look around, look around 
 Pray for everybody, tell me exactly what you're seeing 
 I'm seeing children being murdered by police and then acquitted on all charges 
 It's like they're all targets, pray for them 
 Pray for everybody 
 Live from the gutter, my father's a [?] 
 The block is my mother, 2Pac got it on lock in my suburb 
 I got dope double-wrapped up in bubble wrap on top of my cupboard 
 Old ladies watching from shutters 
 Tellin' all the children keep watching out for us 
 Bad influences, we the gumbo that you see inside the pot 
 Swimming 'round in all the saddest, truer shit 
 Attic in the coolest whip 
 Riding 'round my city lookin' for the baddest newest bitch 
 Hammer in my stash, feeling too legit 
 90 on the dash, slammin' on the gas 
 Passenger mad, saying that the break pedal do exist 
 I'm saying "I'm late man, I got school to skip" 
 Introduce me to your chick, I turn this shit to a Skip to My Lou assist 
 I don't talk too much shit, I discuss shit by throwing hands 
 I'm a sucker for hoes in yoga pants 
 Tell my queen I'm in this shit, like kissing and holding hands 
 I keep my flings on the other end of a string with swollen glass 
 I'm a player, I've been to every hotel and every lobby 
 Every time I pray, I send up a prayer for everybody 
 Don't pray for me, nigga 
 Pray for them 
 You gon' pray for somebody? 
 Pray for them 
 Don't pray for me, pray for respect 
 Pray to get something different from rich and away from your debt 
 Nigga, I'm straight to cassette 
 Y'all digital, y'all about as physical as finger under some balls, coughin' while taking a test 
 Too many artists get mistaken with best 
 'Cause they on the charts, you sleepin' on me, I'll come and wake you to death 
 While I pray against all the violence and shootin' 
 ISIS got Obama sittin' down with Vladimir Putin 
 A saw a child online ask his father "Why did they do this?" 
 His father then replied to him, "We gotta fight 'em with flowers growing out the ground" 
 I look at violence the same way I look at slavery 
 It's never ending in light of abolishment 
 These are my finest hours, then 
 I pray for everybody 
 Look around, look around, look around, look around 
 Pray for everybody, tell me exactly what you're seeing 
 I'm seeing children being murdered by police and then acquitted on all charges 
 It's like they're all targets, pray for them 
 (Let us pray) 
 Lord, please keep Your arms around us, and protect us from danger. In Your son Jesus' name, amen. (Amen!)