Royce Da 5'9") 
 Yo yo, it's several different levels to pickin' up shovels 
 And dumpin you in ditches under sea level 
 Frontin you when I'm wit this 
 Let me refreshin you niggaz till you my position in this 
 Beef! - Leavin' you under Venice, opposition finished! 
 There it is, we invaded created a Pyramid - 
 Of a Haven of names, so blame Dre, and that ear of his 
 So {*Heavy Breathin*} breath, I'd rather REACH for your neck 
 And I never HEAT you for respect, unless you GREET me wit less 
 I got a skunk, in my trunk 
 I'm lyin', I got a pump in my trunk 
 Your dyin', how many lumps niggaz want? 
 Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all 
 We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw 
 I stand firm, and it hurts to live it 
 You open that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit it 
 Slap a hoe, snatch a mic! 
 Bein brought to y'all in Black N White 
 (It's the NEW!) Joe Jackson and Ike, we renegades 
 (Eminem) 
 Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen 
 I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute 
 Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it 
 But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it 
 Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics 
 Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics 
 Usin' his music to steer it, sharin his views and his merits 
 But there's a huge interference - they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it 
 Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit 
 Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish 
 But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America 
 As a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment? 
 Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror 
 And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed 
 And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents 
 You fuckin' do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! 
 (Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't 
 Think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo 
 Cause here we go - he's Royce, he's the King Of Detroit 
 And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the 
 (Chorus: Eminem + Royce) 
 (Em) RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say 
 What's on my mind at, any given time of day 
 'Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk 
 About anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE! 
 (R9) RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say 
 What's on my mind at, any given time of day 
 'Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk 
 About anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING) 
 (Royce Da 5'9) 
 I determine what time its on, I call my nigga Proof 
 Hand him a pile of money and turn him loose 
 I'm tired of you new jacks 
 I'm tired of niggaz that's like - "I'm bout to blow!" 
 Unless you a bitch, we don't care if you bout do that 
 Move back, youngster, the block on speak 
 Shoot up your vest, and turn your chest hair to Taco meat! 
 The street, continuous to pit, quick to smash ya 
 Or blast ya clip, or give ya the picture (devolopin) 
 Click clock, six shots blows through another door 
 And it gets hot, Hip Hop portable tug of war 
 Who did ya niggaz beats you bitches, who made it work? 
 Dat shit was *phwrt!*, I got harder 2-Way that lurks 
 Just when I thought my dogg couldn't get any meaner 
 You talk about his daughter, you probably gettin' the heater 
 You talk about his momma, he won't even give ya the finger 
 (He's crazy!) Deranged!, not media eaters, we renegades 
 (Eminem) 
 See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare 
 Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here 
 To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me 
 As a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist 
 But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste 
 We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is 
 Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape? 
 Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today 
 See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie 
 While I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me 
 Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics 
 In holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer 
 I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful 
 The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you 
 What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter 
 Makin' this butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a muh'fuckin' 
 (Chorus) - repeat 2X