"To attack without knowing the enemy's strength is foolish 
 And after being warned, to still attack, is stupid 
 People who are that stupid just don't deserve to live 
 But strangely though, one does find, people who are that stupid." 
 (Chorus: Royce) 
 Pop that trunk, get the K nigga 
 Get to sprayin nigga, get the pump nigga 
 Come - RIGHT BACK; dump on a nigga 
 Give him what he want if he want we'll hunt for 'em all 
 He'll be - RIGHT BACK; it's got to be like that 
 Expect niggaz not to respect you, kill him 
 And get it - RIGHT BACK 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 For those that don't know me 
 Allow me to reintroduce myself 
 My name is (chk-chk, BOOM) 5-9 nigga bottom line is 
 Bye-bye if you out of line wit him 
 Itemize y'all deaths in, chronological order 
 Those either gon' support him or idolize 
 All you could do is try to dodge me 
 While you plottin my demise while I'm tryna rise now we got a problem 
 'Cause if I'm surrounded, I'm known 
 To pull out the pound and shoot, get on the phone 
 And still come - RIGHT BACK - wit a army of dudes 
 It's all true, just armed with Uzis lookin' to resolve this 
 Good Lord, can you hear him callin? 
 They just still ballin, they feelin' lawless, we kill 'em all 
 If it costs too much, we hun-ga-ry 
 It means if you floss too much your gums'll bleed 
 That's why I don't talk with chumps, I was taught to thump 
 My way to 21 till I was taught to come - RIGHT BACK 
 (Juan) 
 For those who don't know 
 Allow me to reintroduce myself 
 My name is (chk-chk, BOOM) Juan Corleone 
 Die real soft, fire in a while then he blow 
 While you niggaz act raw with your dawgs 
 Till revolvers gettin' drawn, splash markin the walls 
 I don't know but I'm givin' it to 'em 
 Hittin 'em brutally with them Uzis man really amusin 
 How niggaz duckin, divin, hollerin, hidin under shit 
 Bullets bustin', bruisin they body, barely bouncin' shit 
 Like, why you lookin' at me smirkin nigga? 
 I got a short man complex, murk a nigga 
 Bigger than me, taller than me, my squad in the league 
 I ride slow ballin for sheez, all of you plead 
 Who wanna test? Keep scrutinize you and your guys 
 Two of them nines, better shoot them now 'less you wanna die 
 I'm stupid high, Lord super sized blessin the dome 
 Huggin some long John Wayne shit, fuck is you on? 
 We comin'... 
 (Interlude: Royce - having a conversation) 
 (Man hell naw, that's Royce) Right, what's up wit it? 
 (Whattup nigga, where you been?) I been callin you 
 Somethin' must be wrong with your phone right? (Yeah, yeah, no, yeah) 
 Oh okay, what's up, you got that for me? (Naw, yeah, naw) 
 Naw? All right well, I'ma get up outta here 
 'Cause I see you havin' fun with your people (Nah shut up man) 
 Your man he's a funny guy and all that (Yo hold up) 
 I'ma see you later (Hold up Royce, hold on) 
 (Kid Vishis) 
 For those that don't know me 
 Allow me to reintroduce myself 
 My name is (chk-chk, BOOM) yeah, Kid Vishis 
 That sick shit, listen, I hit henchmen 
 From shotgun wit a shotgun, surprised when pellets flyin 
 And niggaz that was hatin' us dyin' 
 Roll with them chaldeons that get mad if you call them an A-rab 
 You might get stabbed for your antics 
 Stay rude shooters with Rugers, put the block-a 
 Out the windows guns cocked screamin out "Air the coppa!" 
 All races are frown faces with heated ways (yeah!) 
 With somethin' in the trunk that thumpin just like bass 
 Trust me, no mics, this shit gon' get ugly 
 Before the boys cuff me, "take that" like Puffy 
 You've been hexed, squeeze this Tec 
 Shots hittin jugular veins, give 'em taco necks 
 I rep my set, Rock City, what you bet? 
 M.I.C. regardless, you garbage niggaz, we comin'.