[Intro] [Royce talking]: 
 Yeah, Bar Exam 2 nigga. It's a motherfuckin' holiday bitches. 
 [Verse One] [Canibus]: 
 Bar Exam 2 
 I landslide you to lava below 
 Gotta stance nigga flow 
 How bars? How far can you go? 
 Only as far as the mind 
 Canibus and Royce 5'9" 
 Bar Exam 2, spit a rhyme 
 A miniature version of me, told me he wanted to MC 
 I told him, "Be careful who you be." 
 He said, "I'ma just be me." 
 I said, "Yeah, I see. But you don't understand what I really mean." 
 Look at the manifest list 
 It got my name down 
 A bald head for the cool crown 
 How you like me now? 
 I terrorize rap music 
 What manner of creature could do this? 
 Canibus stupid 
 Retarded, autistic artists 
 You click, perfects target 
 Staff Sargent Canibus talkin' 
 I would not let off the gas 
 Traverse it through San Stone's past 
 The Ripper spills whiskey from a flask 
 [Verse Two] [Elzhi]: 
 I toke green, blowin' out smoke screens 
 Poke queens, leave them with soaked jeans 
 You're the definition of what "joke" mean 
 I'm star status 
 Like glowin' lights throughout the far stratos- 
 -Phere, it's clear who repertoire that is 
 Pursue whites and fuck a shoe price 
 My cheese outgrew mice 
 I'm too nice, cut through slice, I'm seein' you twice 
 The lead pacer 
 Been makin' moves like Speed Racer 
 Indeed tracin' line that fucks with your mind like a weed lacer 
 Try and boast, ain't lyin' close, so what I diagnose 
 I could fry and roast any guy till they applyin' ghost 
 Pee on peons beyond eons 
 Till there's neon Klingons 
 Close encounter of the three kinds 
 You may fall, I'm AWOL, my heaters will spray y'all 
 And put you in a hole like Robert Peter to pay Paul 
 I could give a fuck 
 Got a flow to leave a river stuck 
 You hear deep it lines ? ? ? ? 
 [Verse Three] [Royce Da 5'9"]: 
 Osama McCain, you climb in this ring 
 I'm rhyming with Obama the king 
 End up on the bottom of the things 
 Living inside of ominous springs 
 I'm in a dream 
 I spit the only kind of sickness that vomiting brings 
 That means I'm ill sick 
 And plus I'm real bitch 
 I should've played Hancock instead of Will Smith 
 'Cause I'm drunk but flier 
 I'm the superhero minus all the chump attire 
 And I bleed hardly 
 Tell your idol his times up 
 And he's Barbie/barbe- 
 -Cue, Every rhyme lined up like Steve Harvey's do 
 From the pies to the brick man 
 Niggas couldn't follow in my steps unless I died in some quicksand 
 So come and see a nigga burn a show 
 And give me a hand before I give you the fist like a germaphobia 
 And you probably too scary to scuffle 
 If you ain't hit a nigga until you buried your knuckles 
 I got a hundred round drum 
 I shoot the first 30 to kill everybody that trash your hook up 
 Category blast the butcher 
 Empty the clip just to make that 70 Show like Ashton Kutcher 
 Nigga you at war with sharks the government team 
 Will leave you airless/heirless like Jordan Sparks or a motherless queen 
 We put it on y'all 
 Tape a niggas phone call 
 Sell it to the net for a phone card 
 Then use it to phone y'all mommas 
 I throw you niggas a bone 
 And then I bury the drama in a bone yard 
 The flows in prime 
 I got more plastic on me than all of Hugh Heffner's hoes combined 
 My niggas got GT's and shit 
 Yeah I know many coopers 
 While you niggas rolling around in the mini coopers 
 I'm the shit for real 
 Y'all niggas mini poopers 
 Drunk, wildin, committin' Vodka and Henny bloopers 
 Who could 
 Give a nigga the snoop foot? 
 Stretch him out on the floor like the Manute look 
 You shook 
 Nigga I'm like the crew cook 
 I put a price on the whip and I'm like the blue book 
 With an appetite for destruction with the greed stigma 
 Explains my past and adds to my enigma 
 If it's digital or analog 
 Bar Exam 2 is the present 
 The distributor is Santa Claus