Stretch Stretch (Whassup sup?) 
 I'm tryin' to figure out a way to start this rhyme off 
 You ain't got no ideas? (nah) 
 Aight, I'll start it like this (aight) 
 Check it, yo 
 Fuck, you! (haha) I'm all nuts, no glory 
 You're walkin' now but nigga what's the story? 
 You better, duck when I go boom, 'cause suckers bore me 
 And yeah, I probably hate Tommy Boy as much as Nore do 
 Who the best? Eminem, Jigga or Nas? 
 'Cause when it comes lottery time, that spot'll be mines 
 You takin' the throne is under the bridge 
 And yeah, you might be +Ready to Die+ but none of you big 
 So, you've been dared to listen 
 Till the fiercest rhythm'll spit air condition glitter and wrist cool 
 Fuck doom, I don't age 
 Cut "Boom" up loud and see a mushroom cloud on stage 
 Do the math, four knuckles'll give you six months 
 And, you niggaz is so pussy you make my dick jump (ha ha) 
 I don't wish to be king, I'll pass the throne 
 Whatever shines too bright shines half as long 
 I don't kiss hoes, I only put my lips on a cup 
 Pee-wee niggaz, go somewhere and piss on your nuts (ha ha) 
 God gave me this life, and if he decides to envy and give me 
 I'm takin' the flow of the century with me 
 Oh, so if you feel insane, and want a war 
 Reality check, you not ready, your soldiers is still in trainin' 
 A bunch of hundreds that'll read the menu 
 We run tabs with receipts sayin' to be continued 
 And bully niggaz this is your day 
 Meet me at the flagpole so you can hit me in my fists with your face 
 And snitch niggaz is common as E-Bay wear 
 Uh, give the cops more alerts than DJ Red 
 I got the blood of a dead soldier, on my palms 
 And the scent of yo' bitch lingerin' on my fingertips 
 And you niggaz is deep, I got a deep barrel that'll blaze 
 So fuck deep, the deep shall lay in a shallow grave 
 For you deep niggaz. 
 (Stretch Armstrong is now in your world) 
 Yo, I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof 
 Hand him a pint of Limon and turn him loose! 
 I'm tired of you new jacks 
 I'm tired of niggaz sayin' they bout to blow 
 'Less you a bitch, I don't care if you bout do that 
 Move back, youngster, the glock gon' speak 
 Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco meat! 
 The street, continuous to pit, too quick to smash ya 
 Or flash the clip, or give you the picture develop 
 The click clock, six shots blows through another door 
 And it gets hot, this Hip-Hop Quotable tug of war 
 Who did ya niggaz beats you bitches, who made it work? 
 That shit was, I got harder two way alerts 
 You get toe-up and re-torn, by the walkin' bomb 
 That I blow up and re-form, grow up then reborn 
 Told you I'm a star that's gon' live forever 
 Servin' life sentence and get out and go to the bar 
 So nigga take blat! I gotta go to the car 
 Blat, oh blat! I gotta throw it in 'park' 
 The iron'll wet ya, the Mausberg pump 
 With the buckshots shells'll turn a nigga into Chinese Checkers 
 I don't even start writin' till I'm on my third fifth 
 That's what you get, when Beat miners meet the Wordsmiths 
 Uh, every time I go out, I cop somethin' new 
 Every time I throw this right hand I knock somethin' loose 
 Who the fuck think they can see me? Might as well 
 Call the wife and tell her you're not comin' home and to take it easy 
 My guns don't shoot, they woof! 
 At them sissy-ass niggaz type to accidentally shoot they foot 
 Desert Eagle too big for you bitch-ass niggaz 
 Soft-ass palms, can't take the kickback niggaz 
 And you wonder why they suckin' my dick 
 Or why I keep a suitcase with a hundred grand handcuffed to my wrist 
 Or why the watch could possibly make you lose your sight blinkin' 
 On the wrist, lookin' like halogen hazard lights blinkin' 
 Royce five nine in this bitch 
 About to sprinkle gunfire on any snitch 
 Now who the fuck want it, bitches? 
 Yeah, uh, uh