Yeah 
 I wanna share some shit with y'all 
 All truth, all truth 
 Like I'm standing inside a Tabernacle 
 I promised not to lie in not one of these verses 
 I started out as a battle rapper 
 All I knew was Maxells, ADATs, DATs and gats 
 My name is Ryan Daniel Montgomery 
 Recovering alcoholic, I grew up on 9 Mile 
 I'm not a gangster, drug dealer or thug nigga 
 Just an MC who made a name with his rhyme style 
 Sometime around '95 I found my calling 
 And that all coincides with the time that I found my darling 
 Now later on in the story I tell you her significance 
 But now let's talk about me, specifically 
 Three brothers and one sister see 
 My daddy taught me consistency with his fucking patterns 
 Hallelujah I'm the son of a addict 
 My addiction was music 
 All I would do is go to the studio and The Shelter 
 And listen to Redman and Heltah Skeltah 
 Aye y'all remember that one joint from the Heltah Skeltah album called... 
 Sean Price be like, "I'm not sure any..." yeah that was my shit. I used to bump that shit all day. 
 By this time I knew I wanted to be an artist, I didn't want to be anything else. 
 You know, but my mom had plans for me, she wanted me to go to school, so you know 
 To make mom's happy 
 I took some general courses in college 
 Took the bus until I got hella bored with that 
 Because the bus stop I had to walk to 
 Was right across from the first studio I ever recorded at 
 Now I would have to assume that 
 It was either meant for me to be rapping 
 Or meant for me to be laughing at God's 
 Geographical humor 
 As soon as I stepped foot in the open-mic it was like a reunion 
 I was a shoe-in 
 I met Kino there too 
 And he asked me to manage me 
 And that was back in like, let me see 
 '97, my girl was pregnant 
 Hurdles was prevalent 
 And it was therapeutic just for me to breathe into my mic 
 Started learning why the lord put certain people in my life 
 And the way he started blessing me, uh 
 I guess before my inner-demons got the best of me 
 Like sneezing was my vice 
 Needless to say that December 29th was the day I became a believer in fate 
 Okay now it's December 28th, my day has gone great. Kino booked me a show under contract to do that night. 
 I got a call from my girl's people saying she's in labor in the hospital right now, 9th floor. 
 I get on the elevator. Elevator stops on the 5th floor, elevator opens up, my uncle's standing there crying. 
 Now I'm caught off guard, I'm like, what the fuck? 
 My uncle standing there like "Ryan, they that way" 
 I walk out, I see my momma and that entire side of my family 
 Looking like there's some kind of drama happenin' 
 I said "what happened" 
 They like "Granny's been in a bad accident, and it ain't looking good" 
 I'm like "man, what?" 
 I'm having a baby four floors up 
 Before I froze up 
 I'm trying to figure out why the Lord chose us 
 Or maybe chose me 
 To ride in this emotionally roller coaster 
 My momma said "the baby here yet?" 
 I said "maybe" 
 She said "maybe? Baby, go see" 
 I walk away feeling like a good father, the same time as a terrible son 
 Get to my girl she 5 centimetres dilated so I waited 
 She got to get to 'bout nine 'til it's that time 
 And meanwhile I'm more popular in this hospital than the doctors 
 Nurses watching, whispering like "that's the one right there 
 Who got a lady in labor 9 and another lady dying on 5" 
 By this time I don't even fuckin' remember that I got a show. Somebody had to remind me. 
 The doors was already open at the venue. I got emotions runnin' every which way. 
 All the nurses and stuff is like, "We'll keep you posted about the baby, we'll keep you posted about your granny." 
 I didn't like seeing my mama like that, so I had to get out of there 
 Yeah, I hit the stage at 11:50, killed it 
 I got off at about midnight 
 With about six types of different emotions floatin' around inside me 
 Hopeless, tryna find me 
 Hopin' in time God'll guide me 
 In the future, just as I was about to leave out 
 I saw Kino talkin' to Marshall and then he introduced us 
 We talked about collaboratin' and how chasin' this rap thing is aggravatin' 
 But I'll get back, I got the family waitin' 
 I get to skatin' 
 As soon as I get to the hospital they tell me that my granny didn't make it 
 She just died, I'm feelin' helpless, it hurt me 
 On the flip side, my little boy is healthy in the nursery 
 I picked him up, looked in his eyes for the first time and just cried 
 Ain't no denyin' this is the power of God 
 I said, "I love you, Granny" and looked to the sky 
 Like even though he just got here, goodbye 
 This is how the story goes 
 Powerful day 
 Powerful day 
 Most significant day in my life. I mean aside from meetin' my man Marshall, my son bein' born and my granny dying on the same day. 
 My grandma didn't live anywhere near that hospital. I learned a lot this day. 
 I learned that the universe has this way of balancing itself out. 
 For me to lose such a beautiful soul in my granny, and gain such a beautiful soul with my first born son, little Royce, it showed me that God is real. 
 God is real. And you know what they say: God giveth, God taketh away