Yeah, still you lame 
 ? Is beef, I'm your heiness in the streets 
 I can honestly comepete 
 Wit any nigga, feel the pain 
 My odyssey discreets 
 Beat a nigga, steal his chains 
 No diamonds in that piece 
 I been chillin' on y'all for years 
 Now you hard? I got scars bigger than your individual carreers 
 Who the fuck is Denaun? he don't even write rhymes 
 Actin' like you rhyme harder than who? the Kon Artist is you 
 No you just spoken up and now the heats on you 
 Nigga you must be smokin' or jokin' 
 Slim got 50 and now its time for change 
 Shady records lookin' like a broke down dollar, you gotta be ashamed 
 And damn, you can't even stop it 
 Slim got 50 cent, the rest of you niggas change in his pocket 
 Don't you niggas see? he let you come and get twisted 
 You dissin me? you niggas is unfinished business 
 Fuck is you niggas tryina be? 
 On every other niggas nuts in the industry, you find and meet 
 From busta rhymes, to jay-z, to nas, to me 
 Couldn't see me if them niggas wrote you a rhymes a piece 
 Niggas is hiding in the streets, lie for me 
 Its funny 'cause they paint a picture like I be in tons of beef 
 Be out every night fightin, provin shit 
 Jealous ass niggas, I ain't gotta prove shit 
 That means you could die from the felt response 
 Fear my next move, like Eminem huggin on Elton John 
 Except y'all playin' career Russian roulet 
 There'll never be another d-12 album, whatchu bet 
 Who ain't eatin? I'm a star 
 Nigga on my 4th deal I'm so full I'm feelin' fatter than bizarre 
 Minus the shower cap and them dirty ass nikes 
 Minus the stud, minus the ugly ass wife 
 Y'all don't know what it takes to win 
 Nigga ill spark witcha boss, we made each other show up late to the gym 
 So I said that you niggas is whack 
 That nigga asked me my opinion, it's the truth, don't call me for that 
 Niggas step up to the turf, everybody think y'all whack 
 What... you gon' write a diss record to the earth? 
 You niggas is gay statistics 
 The whole world know who the broke ass group wit the radio hits is 
 Long as niggas is takin' ya pictures 
 You just dummies, you less money than slim spends on Hailie for Christmas 
 I know slim sees the mistakes that he made 
 Treatin y'all like dre treated hitman and lady Erade 
 Even them niggas is smarter than y'all 
 Niggas the cloth that I wipe my fuckin' gun down with is harder than y'all 
 Ya hustle is over the rhyme bout is through 
 I got ya coach on the sideline touchin his shoulders, time out! 
 It's over... it's over...