(Mia x) 
 See niggas be screamin tru like it's the new thing to do. 
 But tru is the way of life nigga. 
 This ain't no motherfucking fad. 
 Mama mia, big ed, master p, c-murder, mister silkk the shocker. 
 First family, mr. serv-on, tru y'all 
 Chorus (in background while she's talking) 
 We come strapped and we roll thick 
 We represent that tru click x4 
 (Mia x) 
 Now your better off chasing waterfalls 
 Cause y'all ain't even much tryin' to fuck around at all 
 With these tru plum act a fuckin' fool nigga 
 No limit soldiers knock your head off your shoulders 
 We done showed you that we been bout puttin' in work 
 But you bout to have your dick knocked dead in the dirt 
 So I can show overseas with the Japanese 
 While you tied up, shit in your pants, on your knees 
 Please, but ain't no reason once it's time for war 
 So if you start it best believe we're gonna take it as far 
 As it goes puttin' holes in your door while you lay 
 And your automobile is gettin' sprayed on the real 
 Fuck the drive by shootin and them public affairs 
 We ain't wastin no bullets bitch we know where you are 
 And we coming like big dick buried deep in the cock 
 And hoe we ain't goin' stop till your last man drop 
 (Big ed) 
 Now when I said take a bullet for my homie I meant it 
 Before crushed out tanks I was down to did shit 
 Fist fighting in clubs 'cause we had to run it 
 C-murder was the first with tru on his stomach 
 Down to die for tru so bitch don't flinch 
 We been click tight way before we were rich 
 See this tattoo embedded deep in my skin 
 Before I take it off I give my right hand 
 I love these niggas, bust slugs, take slugs for these niggas 
 Even when they do wrong it ain't wrong 'cause they my niggas 
 Cut my chest and blindfold me 
 My niggas say they put that on tru and I believe them like God told me 
 (C-murder) 
 I represent that n-o nigga l-i-m-i to the motherfucking t nigga 
 Motherfuckers don't really wanna go to war with a nigga like me nigga 
 I'm bossalini, they ain't know they better respect a nigga like me fool 
 I ? ? ? ? ? videos doin' shows representing my tru tattoos 
 I've been a tank dog first family member since day one 
 P was the only nigga rapping 
 I wasn't tripping I was there 'cause I ruled that gun 
 That's why I get mad when niggas talkin' bout tru this tru that 
 No limit this, went and got a tattoo but nigga, I ain't approve of that 
 Now don't make me lose my mind and go snatch all my logos 
 Everybody know you ain't a soldier cause p ain't in none of your videos 
 So motherfucker stop rappin' like you down with my shit 
 First liutenant of the motherfucking tank represent a real tru click 
 (Mia x) 
 (Mr. serv-on) 
 Ah! 
 When you see us, all you see is fame and bitches 
 When I see myself in the mirror I see a nigga bounded in bloody kisses 
 Wishes to see my enemies slaughtered 
 Don't make me harder 
 Wake up in the morning with this tank on my chest, that makes it easy 
 For me to digest the stress 
 Know my nigga p screamed for many years to make some money for us all 
 And now you niggas tryin' to take off my tattoos 
 And name me tryin' to ball (never) 
 Believe me nigga when I see ya, you gots to fall (believe that) 
 All my tears in my heart (you never know) 
 And you feel me and this motherfuckin tank will never go (never never) 
 I was taught to ride for this, do some time for this 
 Slang some dope for this and if it came down I'd fuckin' die for this 
 (Silkk the shocker) 
 Nigga fa sho (fa sho) 
 I'm down to die for this shit. 
 This no limit shit bigger then this motherfucker. 
 Niggas just wanna be down. 
 Wearing tanks and tatoos and shit. 
 Know what I'm sayin'? 
 Niggas wanna get high with me. 
 Know what I'm sayin', niggas wanna ride with me. 
 Nobody wanna die with me or do twentyfive with me. 
 Know what I'm sayin'? 
 Nigga let me tell you somethin'. 
 P run this shit. 
 Know what I'm sayin', you know what the fuck tru is. 
 All of a sudden niggas wanna leave and shit through the struggle. 
 And now a nigga on top everybody wanna come back and shit. 
 I tell my new no limit soldiers nigga, you gotta be military minded. 
 Ready to go to war. 
 Cause uh, everybody want a nigga. 
 Know what? 
 I'm a die for this shit cause uh, this is all I got. 
 No limit. 
 I'm out bitch. 
 (Mia x)