{4, 3, 2, 2) 
 A-2 step, a-2 step (Remix!) 
 Now gonna and 2 step, (2 step) now gonna and 2 step (2 step) 
 Now gonna and 2 step, (2 step) now gonna and 2 step (2 step) 
 Now get, jiggy with it (jiggy with it) now get, jiggy with it (jiggy with it) 
 Now get, jiggy with it (jiggy with it) now get, jiggy with it (jiggy with it) 
 (Remix!) 
 Now gonna and 2 step! (2 step!) aye, watch me 2 step! (2 step) 
 Now can you 2 step? (2 step!) Like I 2 step! (2 step!) 
 Watch me get, jiggy with it, watch me get, jiggy with it 
 Watch me get, jiggy with it, watch me get, jiggy with it 
 Gonna and 2 step 
 You can actually hear me 2 stepping while I'm recording this 
 You know that right? (this is the Remix!) 
 Ay, you know my bank roll (roll!), got a lot of zero's (zero's!) 
 Teddy Pain (Teddy Pain), the Tallahassee hero (hero!) 
 I done got a crib (ay!), now I'm in The A (ay!) 
 2 stepping lemme show you how I do this thang (thang!) 
 Take yo left foot, put it out in the front 
 And do it, merrah, like this (Ay!) 
 Now if you look around the club, you would notice can't nobody do it 
 Quite, like this (ay!) 
 Ay! Shades on, them Oakley's to be exact 
 Now when I sang my song, I'm a bring them hoes in the back 
 And you know, I'm the hottest nigga 'round! 
 So when I get 'em up to my room, I got 'em counting me down, let's get it 
 4 (4!) 3 (3!) 2 (2!) 2 
 Hey, hey, hey 2 step, (Oh!) 2 step (let's go!) 
 Now gonna' and 2 step, (Oh!) now gonna' and 2 step (Oh!) 
 Now watch me 2 step, (Oh!) now watch me 2 step (Oh!) 
 Now get, jiggy with it, (Remix!) now get, jiggy with it (Remix!) 
 Now get, jiggy with it, (Remix!) now get, jiggy with it, (jiggy with it) 
 (Now gonna and 2 step) (ay, ay!) 
 4, Stepping to the right, wipe me down manye 
 3, Stepping to the left, with your stunner frames 
 2, By this time the world know what to do 
 It's going down 2 stepping Remix! Unk, what it do? 
 I'm back one mo' green, with another one (another one) 
 2 stepping, getting jiggy baby have some fun (have some fun) 
 They said it couldn't be done, I guess I got it cracking (got it cracking) 
 2 stepping, ay bay-BAY (Ay!) (that's what's happening) 
 Now gawn and get it shawty, the charts I climb back on (climb back on) 
 One-hit wonder, bet they wonder how I do it all (do it all) 
 They got they steps wrong, they try to bite mine (bite mine) 
 Let's see what's happening when I count down, one more time, go 
 You can actually hear me 2 stepping while I'm recording this 
 You know that right? (this is the Remix!) 
 Money's on the fade away 
 NYC, you know how we do it 
 Now catch us 2 stepping, I got my goons rapping (dip set!) 
 We turn the V-I-P into the "Do it, do it" section (do it) 
 You know the jewel selection (blingin'), I'm blue V-V-S in (flawless) 
 We ain't gonna' talk about the whips, you know the Coupe selection ('raris!) 
 And I got everything that you want (yep), I'm registered to two ?park? 
 (Check) 
 I get bread like croutons (dough), I make dough like croissants (bread) 
 I'm Grey Poupon (yep), Bentley fuckin' baby (baby) 
 "What the fuck is you on?" (what?!) It's how I'm livin' lady (lady) 
 Like Queens call the car dealer then the {?} dealer 
 Now we out at Vegas, poker face with the card dealer (westside) 
 The hard nigga (yep), gone off too hard liquor (Jones) 
 You better watch your ass when them foreign cars wheeler (I'm back!) 
 You can actually hear me 2 stepping while I'm recording this 
 You know that right? (this is the Remix!) 
 Official Remix! Official Remix! 
 Official Remix! Rah! 
 I'm in my Cutlass on two shoes (two shoes) 
 Breaking all the rules (the rules) 
 Two hitters manye two fools! (two fools!) 
 Two hammers manye two 2's! (two 2's!) 
 Shining like a chandelier ('lier) 
 Diamonds up in my ear (ear) 
 Sick With It trophy on my neck, I dang near wear it anywhere 
 Too much candy on my ride (ride) 
 Too many rumors I done died (died) 
 Too many haters on this surface 
 All my life it ain't been certs (it ain't been certs) 
 Started off real small (real small) 
 But now my mail is tall (tall) 
 Had to walk before I crawled 
 I had my back against the wall (back against the wall) 
 Two faces not us, two faces at once, gritting it getting it in 
 Hustlers are Us, never no punk, I'll 2 Step on yo' chin 
 I see some brahs (I see some brahs) 
 2 Stepping by they lonesome (by they lonesome) 
 These square suckers they acting like they don't wanna (don't wanna) 
 They don't know, they don't know, they don't know! (they don't know) 
 You gotta find 'em doe, send 'em doe, break 'em doe-ooh (break 'em though) 
 You gotta get the dough, get the dough, get the dough 
 I mean get it manye rain, shine, sleet, or snow-ooh 
 See I managed with it (managed with it), I get jiggy with it (jiggy with it) 
 Eh-ha ha! 
 Erugh! (Whoo) 
 You can actually hear me 2 stepping while I'm recording this 
 You know that right? (this is the Remix!) 
 You can actually hear me 2 stepping while I'm recording this 
 You know that right? (this is the Remix!)