Hey! Yeah-hah 
 No no, oh 
 Hey! 
 Go 'head and go out wit'cha friends 
 Keep spendin my ends (oh "All I Do Is Win," yeah) 
 It's all right, it's okay 
 Cause you was finally gonna sneak and do it anyway 
 I don't give a fuck (ooh, go ahead) 
 I don't give a fuck (just stab me in the back) 
 I don't give a fuck (Apparently you love your friends more than me) 
 But one day I'ma let you see that I don't give a fuck 
 Yeah! Three in the mornin, you ain't home yet 
 Girl what you doin'? (Doin') 
 Now I done called all your friends, the phone in my Benz 
 Who the hell are you with? (You with) 
 Now when you left here, you said you was gone 
 But you ain't say you wasn't comin' back home 
 That's fucked up 
 Oh that's fucked up 
 Yeah! Three forty-five (forty-five) I'ma find ya 
 Girl you got me lookin' everywhere (where) 
 I feel like you've been cheatin' (you've been cheatin') 
 Anyway but a nigga like me don't share (share) 
 Girl what has got into yo' head? (Yo' head) 
 You act brave, so don't get scared 
 When you see my truck (yeah) 
 Do you think baby I don't give a fuck? 
 Yeah! It's 4:30, still ain't made it in 
 Who you think you foolin? (Foolin, foolin) 
 Insecurity (ty) finally settin in (in) 
 Who are you screwin? (Screwin, screwin) 
 I've been sittin' here sippin on this Nuvo (Nuvo) 
 How you come in here with that Four Loko? 
 That's fuck up 
 Oh that's fucked up 
 Yeah! You don't know the time, are you lyin'? 
 I know you had them legs in the air (air) 
 Tracks comin' out (out) weave all crooked (crooked) 
 Somebody been pullin your hair (hair) 
 Girl, you think you smart 
 Tell him come and help you start 
 Packin yo' stuff (yeah) 
 Do you think baby I don't give a fuck? 
 One day I'ma let you see 
 (Chorus - second half) 
 One day I'ma let you see, that I don't give a fuck 
 No no no no, 'cause I don't give a fuck 
 Oh no no no, one day I'ma let you see 
 That I don't give a fuck, oh no no 
 One day I'ma let you see that I don't give a fuck 
 Oh no no no, no