(Feat. Youngbloodz, Trick Daddy) 
 Oh... 
 She got me doing 
 What she want to 
 Now you sprung and I told you 
 S-P-R-U-N-G 
 Now you see [x4 fading out] 
 I'm sprung (I'm sprung) 
 Dawg she got me 
 Got me doing things I'd never do if you ain't been I'm telling you 
 (You do) 
 (Hook 1 - Trick Daddy) 
 Its something 'bout you 
 That's got me doing things I said never do (never do) 
 And I can say I'm amazed 
 The way you put it on me 
 How you got me chasing you (chasing you) 
 And I can care less 
 I don't give a damn 
 'Cause see, you my ride or die 
 You a down ass bitch 
 Who don't take no shit 
 Keep it real, though, and still look fly 
 (Hook 2 - The Youngbloodz) 
 Real talk, Imma tell ya off the rip 
 It ain't your face and it ain't your hips (your hips) 
 It's how you roll my weed and lick them lips 
 And when I dip, shawty, you don't even trip (don't trip) 
 You give me rubber bands for my grip (my grip) 
 You the fly bitch neva knew about my whip (my whip) 
 I'm you nigga gonna be like this here 
 And when the hook says you got me like that, yeah, I'm sprung 
 She got me doin' da dishes 
 Anythang she want for some kisses 
 I'm cookin for her when she gets hungry 
 All she do is actin' like she want me 
 She cuttin' off all my homies 
 Even all my other roomies 
 She ain't even my main lady 
 See I been thinking 'bout it lately 
 Man she really don't deserve me 
 All she wanna do is hurt me 
 So I gotta get away from her... 
 But now I'm leaving quickly 
 Before she come and try to get me... 
 And I'm takin' everythang with me... 
 Well it all come down to her... 
 (You do) 
 (Hook 3 - Trick Daddy (The Youngbloodz background)) 
 Ain't never been a sucker for love (never been a sucker for love) 
 Never had a girlfriend till I start fucking with her (start fucking with her) 
 Ain't never even knocked her down (knocked her down) 
 And she hooked on the wall tryna lock me down (lock me down) 
 With one flip of the tongue, I was sprung (I was sprung) 
 And we didn't get done till 4, 5 in the morning (4, 5 in the morning) 
 She had me deep in the zone (deep in the zone) 
 U can get a brand new wardrobe, but baby you ain't going home (but baby you ain't going home) 
 Wit the new Jag and all the Louis bags (all the Louis bags) 
 Chanel 'n' Escada straight from Bal Harbour (Bal Harbour) 
 I told my home boys I'll holler (I'd holler) 
 I got plans for a date, my girl want steaks (girl want steaks) 
 And she preferred Benihana's (Benihana's) 
 We can go Monday to Sunday, don't even matter 'bout the money ('bout the money) 
 I'm stuck on her (stuck on her) 
 Never should have let her suck on it (suck on it) 
 Shoulda hit it up and sent her home the next mornin' 
 (You do) 
 So we went our separate ways... 
 It's been a couple of days... 
 But now I'm doin' what I want to 
 With nobody tellin' me what I'm gonna do 
 And I'm feeling so free... 
 With nobody but me... 
 Now I can handle all my business 
 All my fellas can I get a witness 
 But I'm feelin' kinda lonely 
 On top of that I'm kinda horny 
 And I gotta get back to her... 
 Now I'm leavin' quickly... 
 Before she come and try to get me... 
 And I'm takin' everythang with me... 
 Well it all come down to her... 
 You do [fading out]