(T-Pain) 
 Teddy pain by day superhero by night.Ima be the nigga that can eat it up right. 
 Get too tight and I'm gooone.Ooon.To the next, damsel in distress. 
 Gotta go ima give it the gas.His logo is gold silhouette of her ass.Yeah! 
 Shawty light up the air.Gimee bout 10-15 minutes I'll be right over there. 
 Ima give you a hour that's it.Hop in the shower and shit. 
 Hop in the fast car.I gotta Jaguar.Call it the shaguar. 
 Austin Powers that bitch.Yeah Baaaaby! 
 Hello bezzel.AB on the watch got a yellow bezel. 
 It's a bird it's a plane!(What's his name?) 
 I'm-I'm-I'm...(Mr.Mr.Mr.Mr.) 
 I'm Mr.Dooowntooown biiiiiitch. 
 Mr.Doooowntoown.That's right.That's right. 
 Mr.Dooowntooown.Yeah Biitch. 
 Mr.Doooowntoown. 
 (T-Pain) 
 Bust it open.Ca-ca-call call me Inspector gadget go-go dick. 
 Up and down on the hoe, like a pogo stick. 
 Go stupid, retarded but don't go sick. 
 Don't put me on the couch like its 106. 
 (Gasp!) now its hard to breath. 
 If I fuck her on the floor I can call it shag carpeting.(get it?) 
 And she's a freaky thing.if I ever wrote song about her it'll be hard to sing. 
 She got my, tongue tied ima give her the noose. 
 Triple cider apple phone.gotta bitch gettin' loose. 
 I'm the snoop and the dogg.I'm the gin and the juice. 
 She got money on her mind and she give me the loot.(brain) 
 Get the dick up.it's a stick up.put the tongue to it and now she can't even get up. 
 It's a bird it's a plane.(what's his name?) 
 I'm-I'm-I'm... 
 Bust it open.Bust it open. 
 (Tay Dizm) 
 Quick through the night like batman all right.if you already tipsy ain't lookin' for a fight. 
 Roll to this dirty and you better get sus.seen Superman the album like what the fuck up? 
 I got 2 freaks white boy hit you down.the shoes the superpowers is takin' the clouds down.yeah. 
 I stick it stick it yeah.a freaky freaky yeah.i do it the way that your man don't do it yeah. 
 Hit it from the back.hit it from the sides.tell the road down fuck it baby all night. 
 Hit it hit it hit it.its sumthin real freaky.and with them thugs ima have you walkin' down nitty. 
 I know you like that have you comin' right back.and next time ima take you to my cave girl. 
 And you havin' you sayin' yeah.(what's his name?) mister-mister-mis-mis-mister 
 Doooowntooooown.Mr.Doooowntooown. 
 Mr.Doooowntooooown.Mr.Doooowntooown. 
 (T-Pain) 
 Bust it open.Bust it open.