I got my own steps. I got my own style. 
 I got my own steps. I got my own style. 
 I got my own steps. I got my own style. 
 I got my own steps. I got my own style. 
 I can get this party started. 
 Watch how we can do it 
 I can get this party started. 
 Watch how we can do it 
 I can get this party started. 
 Watch how we can do it 
 I can get this party started. 
 Watch how we can do it 
 Step it up step it up step it up step it up 
 Break the knob off right now 
 Crumpin' or stuntin' do what ya wanna 
 Imma' crank the party up right now (right now) 
 Roscoe be all flexxed up and I make it look so effortless 
 I show out show out everywhere I go out ten bad models watch me when I go out 
 Oh how know I go so hard imma' big dog stick out my yard 
 Press record 'cause you gon' wanna take this spaceship takin' off on a one way to mars 
 And you turn up regardless show out and go the hardest 
 Go dumb go dumb go dumb lose control and go retarded 
 See I got my own steps and I got my own style 
 Overseas money honey me turn up a long time 
 R.O.S.C.O.E. I done blew up like a landmine and I'm winnin' by a land slide 
 I got my own steps I got my own style 
 If everybody keeps stealin' it from me then imma' have to go wild 
 Yeah better back up boy when the DJ turn the track up boy 
 'Cause all these haters in the club must wanna really wanna see the teddy pizzle act up boy 
 Clap clap clap clap boy on the nude dance floor and I take your girl to the show and tell 
 And if I perform well that's gonna give her more to tell 
 Doin' just what we doin' girl don't even know what she doin' 
 Homie if she take this trip again you will never fit again 
 Steppin' in and out I got my own step my own clique 
 Lovin' on that chick I left her in that club like oh shit 
 Oh its just another one of them classic t-pain antics 
 Got her makin' up brand new dances she get low to the ground like ants 
 Every time I put on anteris all she think about is marriage 
 Homie you can't pull no girls you're like a horse without a carriage 
 Damn 
 I don't even know how many karats in my chain chain 
 Buddy do I have to explain 'splain 
 Nobody on the corner got swagger like us 
 You got yours from t-pain 
 Umm now that party's turned up whatchu gon' do? 
 Errbody wit me boppin' like a hippy 
 Id be mad if I was you 
 Because I party party party hardy 
 Shorty go retarded 
 Gon' and do yo dance and 
 Just go stupid do it do it 
 Show 'em you're the man or woman and can't nobody else do it like you can 
 Gon' and break it down break it down break it down break it down 
 Do it wit no hands 
 Ain't no copy cats round here boy we settin' trends