Shawty! Yeah yeah [3X] 
 Shawty! Hey! 
 Uh-huh, it's like a sin on top of a sin what I'd do to you 
 Uh-huh, over again and over again, you ain't gotta move 
 Uh-huh, and when you look into my eyes I got to go harder 
 Uh-huh, and when you climb on top of me I hit rock bottom 
 She can't leave me alooooone, rock bottom 
 She can't leave me alooooone, rock bottom 
 She can't leave me alooooone, rock bottom 
 She can't leave me alooooone, hey! 
 She got me thinkin' (she got me thinkin') 'bout what I got (got) 
 She hop in the Lincoln (in the Lincoln) we hit my spot (we hit my spot) 
 I got her drinkin' (got her drinkin') she gettin' hot (hot) 
 She want me on bottom, bottom, bottom 
 She saw my pinky (saw my pinky) that big ol' rock (rock) 
 That bitch is bling-blingin (bling-blingin) non-stop (stop) 
 And now she gettin' kinky (gettin' kinky) she want the top (top) 
 That means I'm on bottom, bottom, bottom 
 She be goin' down and she come back up (up) 
 Girl stop messin with me! (with me!) 
 Take your clothes off, baby take a load off (off) 
 I'ma tell you what's it's gon' be! (gon' be!) 
 All kinds of touchin and rubbin, some of the lovin' that you never had (never had) 
 So let me get a rubber out this Gucci bag (Gucci bag) 
 We gon' do somethin' that make your daddy mad (mad) 
 Now baby put your hands up and say Yeah! 
 We hit the city (we hit the city) we in my drop (drop) 
 The DJ wicky-wicky (wicky-wicky) she gettin' hot (hot) 
 She dancin by the speaker (by the speaker) that booty pop (pop) 
 She feelin' that bottom, bottom, bottom 
 I'm gettin' jiggy (gettin' jiggy) I cut a rug (rug) 
 Niggaz give me daps (daps) bitches give me hugs (they give me hugs) 
 She got me thinkin' (got me thinkin') I'm in love (love) 
 In love with that bottom, bottom, bottom! 
 Left cheek, right cheek, make that (Booty Wurk) (work) 
 Shawty I ain't playin' with you! (you!) 
 And then you go dutty wind, dutty wind, all dem go berserk 
 You know exactly what we gon' do 
 All kinds of touchin and rubbin, some of the lovin' that you never had (never had) 
 So let me get a rubber out this Gucci bag (Gucci bag) 
 We gon' do somethin' that make your daddy mad (mad) 
 Now baby put your hands up and say Yeah! 
 (Chorus w/ ad libs)