Wow-rah! 
 T-pain ya boy sharp 
 Wow-rah! 
 T-pain wow-rah! ya boy thunda 
 (?) Fire fire 
 Fire fire rah! 
 Fire fire 
 Yo yo yo 
 (Verse 1-t-pain) 
 Number 1 shotta 
 Bad man make the girls shake like maracas 
 M-16 bust and take your whole top off 
 Were deal ear me don't fuck with the knock-off 
 Push it to the limit and receive is the drop-off 
 Ah hoe no... and pop it off for the 8-5-0 
 Build a fire let the stick... glow 
 Weinadealina whoa 
 And they won't bother me no 
 Bust a top for the 850 ohohohoh 
 Me say go! me say stop! pop! raaaah! rah! rah! 
 Bust a top for the 8-5-0... rah rah rah 
 My boy Kardinal, leader of the session 
 Black Jays pop it if we need an intervention 
 Murder all these little song boys in succession 
 Niggas ain't eatin... it's a convict recession 
 Gettin' paid to shut down the show is my profession 
 Fuck keepin' it easy I am not about aggression 
 Approach if you want but use your discretion 
 When I crush these rappas careers they get left in a depression 
 You better stand clear when the mike's in my possession 
 And I bust every year 'cause that is my obsession 
 It's a T-Dot T-PAIN, Kardinal expression 
 Black Jays fire like a black Smith and Wesson 
 You're done mon! 
 Bustas don't bother me no 
 Unless I bust a top for the 8-5-0 (oh oh oh oh oh oh) 
 Me say go! me say stop! pop! rah! rah! rah! 
 Pop a top for the 8-5-0 
 Pass it to the ear with a mere pom pom! 
 Policeman they fear we don't keer pom pom! 
 Pop it off and bust it open here pom pom! 
 Let them hear pom pom! let them hear pom pom! let them hear pom pom! 
 Rah! 
 You see me coming man better get runnin' man 'cause when you see me you gon see me with my gun in hand 
 Don't be a (?) man we makin' money man 
 For we keep it comin' comin' 
 Tell them fools they need to just shut up 
 Roll near and farmer boys get fucked-up 
 Keep on talking and we kick your door not on 
 Find you in pieces your whole body cut up 
 Your king shut up scared why get this oh no 
 Dog don't argue to live this is so no 
 45 caliber will have your skin bono make your skin bono make your skin bono 
 Bustas don't bother me no 
 Unless I bust a top for the 8-5-0 (oh oh oh oh oh oh) 
 Me say go! me say stop! pop! rah! rah! rah! 
 Pop a top for the 8-5-0