Yeah, Ok 
 Don't know bout my whip game though, hahaha, 
 Give em' a brief overview dawg uno what I'm sayin', 
 I'm from Florida, I gotte get a ride... Ok 
 Verse 1 T-Pain 
 Impala!, 
 2 63's, 
 I got 1 form NY 1, from the L.A. Streets, 
 1 got 22's, 1 got 14's, 
 1 blood red, the other crip blue with some green in it DAMN! 
 I look mean in it DAMN! 
 So therefore I gotta let the top back just so I can be seen in it, 
 I hit the scene in it, 
 Then I get out and hit 1 switch and make both of them bitches do the lean with it, 
 Smash smash ? hell on deuce dubs, 
 Muthafuckas hatin' on me 'cause the motor juice does, 
 Square 12's in the back, 
 I know you like that, 
 And that black knob turn the bass boost up BOOM BOOM! 
 Can't forget about the money green Tahoe, 
 Spread it open see the speakers yeah that's my hoe, 
 Plus I got the switches on that bitch, 
 That muthafucka hit the ground, So let's hit the parking lot &, 
 I shut this bitch down, 
 When I come to your town, 
 I shut this bitch down, 
 And niggas wonder why I ain't be comin' around, 
 I get my whip game right &, 
 I shut this bitch down, 
 When I come to your town, 
 I shut this bitch down, 
 And niggas wonder why I ain't be comin' around, 
 I'm winnin' races tonight & 
 I shut this bitch down 
 Hold up! 
 I got more chevrolets, 
 And that 72 look so swoll on them blades, 
 And the garage where them bitches is, 
 Until you hit the crib you never know how big 26 inches is, 
 So bitch get in here, 
 There's plenty of space in my dunk, 
 And I know it's mine 'cause its got my face on the trunk (HELLO), 
 I can't live without the bass and the pump, 
 I'm asthmatic, 
 And ima let yo ass have it it if you think I'm a punk (NO), 
 And that F650 gotta bad case of acne 'cause those kicker 15's keep on makin' it bump, 
 So may buig is some shavin' cream 
 And I don't know why but them nappy boys sayin' that it's black, but I say it's green, 
 And I ain't gotta eye buy no englash 'cause the dude that delivers my cars don't speak dat, 
 I sign the contract, get the receipt back, 
 Then he bring the car round, 
 And you don't wanna see it braw 
 And I shut this shit down 
 Oh shit! 
 Can't forget about the lambo, 
 And how I cut the top off that bitch like a sandal, 
 Plus I got a door kit on that bitch so dey go up, 
 And if you see the rims on that hoe you'll through up, 
 And my wife gotta BM DUB, 24's is TLC so they don't see no scrubs, 
 Now all the bitches be hatin' on her 'cause they be like 
 "The BMW cool but the escalade too much" 
 Now I get calls from DUB magazines, 
 'Cause everyweek I call them and tell em' 'bout a new car that they haven't seen, 
 I undertsnad why niggas mad at me,. 
 They go that four flex again, 
 Back with a bunch of bitches like mexicans, 
 He ain't gotta be soft, my leather do that, 
 The suede in my trunk just prove dat, 
 That's why I'm out the window, 'cause the only people in my car club is me and muthafucken jay leno 
 T-pain talking about doing a remix...