(Talking: T-Pain) 
 Aye 
 You know what this is man 
 Pree Ringz, homie 
 T-Pain 
 A.K.A. Teddy Bend-your-ass-down 
 A.K.A. Ted running the bathroom banger 
 A.K.A. Three times if ya let me 
 A.K.A. The hottest thangs is that greases burns in your right arm 
 A.K.A. Teddy [? ] 
 A.K.A. The mothafuckin Ringleader 
 A.K.A. The Man! 
 (Rapping: T-Pain) 
 Aye 
 Somebody better tell these niggas how I do it I do it for television (television) 
 These niggas lost out of they game, I got the better vision (better vision) 
 Do-er in 3D, you do-er than two dimension (two dimension) 
 Talk to these labels my name is better for you to mention (you to mention) 
 Tell 'em I gave you a hook and I made your song a hit (song a hit) 
 Tell 'em I put my dick in your girl and made her a trick (a trick) 
 Tell 'em I'm farring up behind not to make-up a shit 
 I take a nigga whole song and I make it a skit (a skit) 
 Soon as I drop a verse (verse) soon as I lay it down (down) 
 I be driving a Hersh (Hersh) and you'll be laying down (laying) 
 Pain a magic dragon I heat up the whole town (town) 
 It ain't shit that I'm lacking I'm the rawest nigga 'round ('round) 
 I'm the ringleader which makes all you niggas clowns (clowns) 
 Ice man Teddy heavy weight pound for pound 
 I'm feeling down and out 
 Let's go get me a car (car) 
 Or you can buy me one (one) that'll get'chu a bar 
 Aye 
 Somebody better tell these niggas 
 How I do it when I do it I'm a do it for the streets (do it for the streets) 
 Somebody better tell these niggas 
 How I do it when I do it I'm a do it for the cheese (cheese) 
 Do it for the trap, nigga do it for the Gutta (Gutta) 
 Do it for them bitches and them hating mothafuckas (Yeah) 
 Somebody better tell these niggas 
 How I do it when I do it I do it for E & B 
 Somebody Tell 'em how I do it I do it just to confuse y'all (confuse y'all) 
 Corner niggas get knocked around like a fuse ball (fuse ball) 
 Tell a bitch let's fuck, if she refuse naw (refuse naw) 
 Sliver and gold patron is what I use, dawg (I use, dawg) 
 It's not a date rape by usually use y'all 
 Just to amuse all those who abuse y'all (abuse y'all) 
 If a nigga need a verse, I'm a come through it off 
 And just know when I leave you goin' have to re-do it all (do it all) 
 We ain't goin' be friends no more, you goin' need a new dawg (new dawg) 
 Take the song to your label, they goin' take you off (YOUR OFF) 
 I ain't even playing dawg, it done happen before (before) 
 You was cool with the song, you ain't happy no more 
 Your label begging you to stay, but you asking to go (to go) 
 Ya had money in the bank, now ya ass getting hope (hope) 
 Cause now ya ass is broke (broke?) And I got big chains (chains) 
 So tell ya bitch to come and holla at a rich man 
 Aye 
 Somebody better tell these niggas 
 How I do it when I do it I'm a do it for the streets (do it for the streets) 
 Somebody better tell these niggas 
 How I do it when I do it I'm a do it for the cheese (cheese) 
 Do it for the trap, nigga do it for the Gutta (Gutta) 
 Do it for them bitches and them hating mothafuckas (Yeah) 
 Somebody better tell these niggas 
 How I do it when I do it I do it for E & B