(Chorus: T-Pain) 
 Girl, I been shaking, sticking, and moving tryin' to get you and that booty 
 Tryin' to get to you and that booty 
 Tryin' to get to you and that booty 
 Girl, I been shaking and acting a donkey tryin' to get you and that monkey 
 Tryin' to get to you and that monkey 
 Tryin' to get to you and that monkey 
 (T-Pain) 
 Girl, he simpin' (Simpin') 
 I walk up in the club with a limpin' (limpin') 
 God listen, what you gonna do with this pimpin'? 
 What you gonna do with this pimpin'? 
 Girl, I'm a call ya (call ya) 
 Later on tonight or tomorrow ('morrow), now follow 
 What you gonna do with this baller? 
 What you gonna do with this baller? 
 (e-40) 
 What you gonna do when I bend the block (bend the block)? 
 Pull up on that ass in a brand new drop (brand new drop)? 
 Speakers on blast with tremendous knock ('mendous knock)? 
 TV's in the dash, rims just won't stop 
 You need to be down with a pimp like me 
 I ain't turning down nothing but my collar, you see 
 I'm a leave you with my number; you should holler at me 
 'Cause I'm a baller; can't nobody hustle harder than me, oh 
 (Chorus: T-Pain) 
 (e-40) 
 Oh, your ass is right 
 I ain't tryin' to let that pass me tonight 
 I'm a put my bid in and tell you something slick 
 Whisper in your ear while I'm holding my dick 
 I don't mean no harm, it's the hood in me (hood in me) 
 Sipping on that Renshaw Hennessy (Hennessy) 
 Psychedelic colors in my jewelry (jewelry) 
 Suckers hella jealous 'cause you digging me, oh 
 Now what you gonna do, mama? 
 I'm tryin' to dip later on, me and you, mama 
 I like the way that you groove and you move, mama 
 You know the women love me; I'm the forty water (forty water) 
 Popping my P's 'cause I'm laced with game 
 Nothin' but the Yay flowing through my vein 
 She wear Miss Sixty, can't fit in the Gucci 
 'Cause her ass big enough to sit a cup on her booty (goodness!) 
 (Chorus: T-Pain) 
 (Kandi Girl) 
 Yeah, I see you looking (looking) 
 But my ass in these jeans got you shook, and (shook, and) 
 I don't think you know what to do with this pussy 
 What you gonna do with this pussy? 
 Yeah, I know you want this (want this) 
 Tryin' to chase me through the club for this good shit (good shit) 
 But I don't think you can handle this pussy 
 What you gonna do with this pussy? 
 (e-40) 
 You looking like you got that good gooshy, gooshy 
 Fucking 'round with me, I beat the brakes off that pussy 
 Have your ass cumming like a porn star movie 
 Tell your friends, and I bet they all wanna do me 
 Hos know me, I'm E-Fo-Oh (E-Fo-Oh) 
 They recognize pimping when I step in the door (step in the door) 
 Higher than a satellite full of that dro (full of that dro) 
 Holla at a playa when you ready to go, oh 
 (Chorus: T-Pain)