What, WHAT! what the fuck.All right NOW, Fuckin' greedy mother fucker 
 (Violent J) 
 Let me out this dirty attic, Clean the cobwebs out my attic.(repeat) 
 (Shaggy 2 Dope) 
 Cold sweats shake em' off. I'm dry heaving chokin' on blood clots. Hallucinations are coming to 
 Real life. Reflections of my face in the back of a butcher knife. Time after time in the middle 
 Of the night, I stare at the ceiling but I lose sight. I said my prayers and I tuck myself in 
 Tight. My bed still shakes somethin' ain't right oh shit its clogged I tend to forget 
 It's way past midnight and he ain't ape yet. No way dick I am almost outta pills and you already 
 Went through my last three refills. Don't tell me what to do bitch I am on it. I still got 
 That rubber mask in the closet. Good he's straight, that's just fine... But what the fuck I'm 
 Sposed to do in the mean time. 
 CHORUS--Let me out this dirty attic, clean the cobwebs out my attic (repeat) 
 (Shaggy) 
 Coffee shop opens I am already in the corner, sippin' my latte, with crushed up soda (?) powder. 
 I've been up for days I barely see through the crusted infest in my eyes my skins pale and 
 Flush. The only moments in my life I recall being happy rep' the hotties tap a little nappy 
 Insanity is setup all try to catch me. my walls came crumblin' realities slappy. 
 Everywhere I look there is no sign of my soul, so my sights is set to fill that empty hole. 
 That's where he comes in yeah him again.Claud mastered the art of body disposaling. he don't 
 Want shit but just a little snack his belly gets full and me, I get my life back. 
 So hopefully today like all the years past I picked the right guy and then ??. 
 (Shaggy) 
 You, you, you, it's always about you. not this time... NOT THIS TIME! This time its about ME 
 Medications wearin' off I hear sirens yellin' in loud speakers and screechin' tires 
 Quite playin' Claud (?) I ain't fuckin' around a billy club bounced off my head and laid me out 
 A week must have passed hmmm I suppose. I am in a dang guys padded room with no clothes 
 Shackled to the floor you call this the bone this might be hell to you but I am right at home! 
 CHORUS (same as above with shaggy in background yelling I'M RIGHT AT HOME!)