Kill him... Kill him... put him to Death... 
 Kil him... Kill him... put him to Death. 
 Guess who's back in this bitch again 
 With a fresh set of balls bouncin' off your chin 
 I'm 2 Dope 
 Switch my shit up, no 
 For these hands to grope hoes, and bitches hoe 
 Now everybody thinks their shits the wickedest 
 Them hoes spittin' wicked shit is ridiculous 
 Back off, jack off, y'all ain't spooky 
 Bitin' my CD's like they delicious cookies 
 > From Sicily, France, back to Bangladesh 
 Ain't no fuckin' body bout to hang with this 
 Fans get punched in the head with a bass 
 Drop rhyme after rhyme, headbuttin your face 
 Fuck off, this shot, spin my nuts 
 Y'all be suckin more dick than sluts 
 I'm crackin' this CD in half with the scrubness 
 Now fuck the fuck off, who finna bump this? 
 This shit ain't for pussy heads (So fuck off) 
 This ain't for you rookie kids (Fuck the Fuck Off) 
 Bloody creatures carve your head out (So fuck off) 
 This the shit that brings the dead out (Fuck the Fuck Off) 
 I don't need a fuckin' band for my beats 
 Mike Clark and me both bootin' your cheeks 
 The stage, the mic, and a Juggalo army 
 Hoes climb up and try to grind on me 
 Any dumb freak tryin'a steal my stage 
 Gets punched in the ass and kicked in the face 
 Fuck your dresscode, I swing my balls 
 Fuck your restrooms, I'm pissin on walls 
 Securities look like weak ass wrestlers 
 Pettin' kids down like child molesters 
 I'm sick of this bullshit, I'm Shaggs the Clown 
 We cuttin' craniums off then drag 'em around 
 You know me, when I drive by, mumbling sparks 
 In the little yellow bus, packed full of retards 
 And we off the charts, under the radar 
 Deep in the dumpster where the real Juggalos are 
 This shit ain't for pussy heads (So fuck off) 
 This ain't for you rookie kids (Fuck the Fuck Off) 
 Bloody creatures carve your head out (So fuck off) 
 This the shit that brings the dead out (Fuck the Fuck Off) 
 CAN WE GET A WITNESS?!(x6) 
 Diss my shit and get shot in the back 
 You ain't gonna be the first bitch I smacked 
 The clown walk boogie, I mastered the move 
 Cuttin' through wiggies with somethin' to prove 
 On who? 
 Us? 
 Me? 
 Shit, please 
 Lick these 
 You're a Shaggamaniac, you can't ignore me 
 And tell your mom to fuckin' fuck off for me 
 Fuck these hoes, they tryina take riches 
 I'm the Southwest Strangla, windpipe tangala 
 I'm gone too fast, with a ninja poof 
 Skeet on your face is the only proof 
 Fuck Off! That is what I tell the Earth 
 I've been runnin' with the Hatchet from the day of my birth 
 So who the fuck you think you're fuckin' with? 
 You can fuck the fuckin' fuck off, bitch! 
 This shit ain't for pussy heads (So fuck off) 
 This ain't for you rookie kids (Fuck the Fuck Off) 
 Bloody creatures carve your head out (So fuck off) 
 This the shit that brings the dead out (Fuck the Fuck Off) 
 Hehehehehehhoohohooo