(Majik Most) What, for real? 
 (Celph Titeld) Yeah. 
 (Majik Most) His skull? It just washed up on Clearwater Beach? 
 (Celph Titeld) Yeah, no doubt. 
 (Majik Most) Well, that's what he gets. 
 (Celph Titeld) Word up. 
 (Majik Most) That's what you get. 
 (Celph Titeld) I tried to tell 'em, fucking around with Tampa nigga, shit is no joke. That's where the fuck I'm from man. 
 (Majik Most) Yeah, it ain't no joke. Check it out, I'm Majik Most and this is my mother fucking man, Celph Titled, we're going to run this Tampa hip hop shit like this. 
 (Celph Titeld) What you know about that? 
 (Majik Most) Leave you with a little deformed skull (what?), a human petting zoo (uhunh) mother fucker, check it out (fuck that) ay, yo, tell what your name is 
 (Verse 1: Celph Titled) 
 Celph Titled, the mother fucking OG killer 
 Nobody can hold heat iller with this magnifik- millimeter 
 We on the creep to meet 'ya, 
 Better hope that we won't put the medal to chest like a stethoscope 
 And Majik Most came through with rocket launchers 
 Crazy shit, dump your baby's crib on Dale Mabry kid 
 In five o'clock traffic, live on TV 
 You're going to see me with Bob Hite, gripping my glock tight 
 (Verse 2: Majik Most) 
 Deep from the depths of Tampa, Majik appears 
 Everybody love me, fucking man of the year 
 Mother fuckers don't fear, my man Celph's here 
 That's why you've got a bazooka pointed at your ear 
 Bombard your brain, like seeing a bondage flick with your mom in the chains 
 I'll put you in some flames, yeah mother fucker, that's more than a threat 
 Ah, too late, now you're a charcoal briquette 
 (Celph Titled) 
 If you watch how I move, 
 You damn right I'm a player and a pimp, 
 Just came back from hell and I don't walk with a limp. 
 In the hood in Tampa Bay they say Celph you hot, 
 They like me, they should love me more then they love 'Pac. 
 (Majik Most) 
 If you watch how I move, 
 You damn right I'm a player and a pimp, 
 I just fucked your girl, now she walk with a limp, 
 In the hood in Tampa Bay they say Majik you hot, 
 They like me, they should love me more then they love 'Pac. 
 (Verse 3: Majik Most) 
 Ay, yo catch me frequently freaking three chicks 
 With me and Ronald Isley on the Magic Steam Remix 
 Check the prefix, come on 8-1-3 
 Results in drastic measures, fucking with Dick Fletcher 
 Doppler radar, channel eight cover up 
 Shit got fucked up when his body bubbled up 
 His corpse was found chained tied to an oil tanker 
 Now I guess you can say he's a real news anchor 
 (Verse 4: Celph Titled) 
 Yo, fuck 8 on your side, I got a 9 on my side 
 That's putting 16 slugs in your spine 
 Act like a thug around me, you must be out your mind 
 I'm straight from Hillsborough, you must be outside the county line 
 This is Tampa nigga, mother fuck wherever you're from 
 We so crazy, doing drive-by stabbings with no guns 
 End up in Bayfront, with treatments for eight lumps 
 You rep New York down here, go back where you came from 
 (Celph Titled) 
 If you watch how I move, 
 You damn right I'm a player and a pimp, 
 Just came back from hell 
 And I don't walk with a limp. 
 In the hood in Tampa Bay they say Celph you hot, 
 They like me, they should love me more then they love 'Pac. 
 (Majik Most) 
 If you watch how I move, 
 You damn right I'm a player and a pimp, 
 I just fucked your girl, 
 Now she walk with a limp, 
 In the hood in Tampa Bay they say Majik you hot, 
 They like me, they should love me more then they love 'Pac. 
 (Verse 5: Celph Titled) 
 You faggot protesters better duck when we deploy shots, you had a young man in your bed and called it a boycott. 
 (Verse 6: Majik Most) 
 Yo, to find an emcee that can spray in these ways is like finding Kirk Cameron on camera these days. 
 (Verse 7: Celph Titled) 
 And when the heat blaze, like fast food, we do it your way, serve you with two Big Macs, watch your chest get filled, hey! 
 (Verse 8: Majik Most) 
 And I'll smack your head back, you'll be wearing a suede hat with MTV News zooming in on that bruise. 
 (Verse 9: Celph Titled) 
 Who got more pimps? We putting C4 in seafood, serving y'all some real popcorn shrimp. 
 (Verse 10: Majik Most) 
 What? Bitch, you want to battle, come on, you're from where? You'll play like Rick Moranis and shrink you whole career. 
 (Verse 11: Celph Titled) 
 It's like you're near a swimming pool, cause you going to get wet and I'm the type to do a cannon ball right on your kids head. 
 (Verse 12: Majik Most) 
 I'll put your girl in a leather mask with the zipper mouth in the sun, your grandma turned to leather when you left her out. 
 (Celph Titled) Hahahaha 
 (Majik Most) I told you man, look at you now, look at you 
 (Celph Titled) Yup, unhunh 
 (Majik Most) You're sad 
 (Celph Titled) Sad as hell 
 (Majik Most) You face melted off, where's your face man? 
 (Celph Titled) Look at that shit 
 (Majik Most) Yo, fucking with Tampa, that's what happens 
 (Celph Titled) You fucked up 
 (Majik Most) That's what you get 
 (Celph Titled) Goddam right 
 (Majik Most) And you got it 
 (Celph Titled) Word up. We turn beef to minced meat out this mother fucker 
 (Majik Most) Yo, what is that, his vertebrae? 
 (Celph Titled) Yeah, I see a collar bone 
 (Majik Most) No, no yo that's a leg 
 (Celph Titled) No, that's a mother fucking fibula 
 (Majik Most) Yo, I think I seen a skull 
 (Celph Titled) Yeah, it still got some hair on it 
 (Majik Most) Yo, what is that, a wing? 
 (Celph Titled) Yeah Haha!