(Talking Intro Sample) 
 "Coochie... mmmm, cooch. Okay!" 
 (Intro Sample Loop] [x4) 
 "Young ladies if ya ready say, yeah (yeah!) ya don't stop 
 Fly guys if ya ready say, hoo! (hoo!) ya don't stop" 
 (Talking Intro Sample) 
 "Ah, well let's... let's do it, let's do it. 
 Hit the bomb, man. 
 Rare form tonight... RARE FORM TONIGHT!" 
 (Talk Intro) 
 Yeah, it's goin' down y'all 
 Fuckmaster Sex 
 Hide your bitch 
 It's the new age Wilt Chamberlain 
 Ain't playin' games, my friend... 
 (Verse Intro Sample) 
 ("Ayo tell 'em what your name is..") 
 (Verse One) 
 Celph Titled, also known as Fuckmaster Sex, I 
 Do a slut in my car seat, show her my sex drive 
 Didn't soak the carpet, but she had a wet rug 
 Pulled out on those almond-colored breasts and left a chestnut 
 Better believe she gave me dome 
 'Cause if not she was gettin' (thrown) on the side of the road like a safety (cone) 
 No wide body Benz, I need a wide body bitch 
 With an ass so large it take up the space of a 3 car garage 
 Had a second coming when I busted a nut twice 
 With a Mariah Carey look-a-like but with hair like Scary Spice 
 She was the type that as soon as she say hi 
 She's takin' off her clothes and askin' ("Baby, where's the KY?") 
 Huh, got a marriage that she's not holy embraced in 
 Cause on her body there ain't a single hole that's sacred 
 (Oh yeah I taped it) so I can see all of it 
 Then it's goin' straight to DVD like a new Steven Segal flick 
 (Singing Chorus] [x3) 
 La, la-la-la, la-la, la-la 
 (Vocal Scratch) 
 "60 minutes of fuckin', call me Fuckmaster Sex, bitch" 
 (Verse Two) 
 Got a groupie on my jock and she want me to bang it raw 
 The tramp is a skank and whore, she'll give you a canker sore 
 She give up ass often 
 And it wasn't a MySpace timestamp, that she had the last log-in 
 Not an assumption and it ain't complicated man 
 'Cause she gon' blow either way like an oscillating fan 
 I'm like James Bond in a tricked out Viper 
 And you're just Pierce Brosnan in Mrs. Doubtfire 
 Yeah, I am Fuckmaster Sex, no split personalities here 
 I'll go from pimpin' to being weird like Outkast's career 
 Bitch I stick the fork in it and won't spoon later 
 They will find the stains on Room Raiders 
 I'm in the kitchen with a Ruben Studdard ruben cutter 
 Abuse ya mother, won't use a rubber 
 The damn bitch like a sandwich, all stuffed and greasy 
 Bust a nut in the hoagie and create a new sub-species 
 (Singing Chorus] [x3) 
 La, la-la-la, la-la, la-la 
 (Vocal Scratch) 
 "60 minutes of fuckin', call me Fuckmaster Sex, bitch" 
 (Talking Outro Sample) 
 "I'm in the 90's strong! I'm not in the 90's on some MTV videos or some VH1 nonsense! 
 I did not come up here to play Hammer and Young MC! 
 < It's not what it is... That's not what represents the 90's to me, okay?!" 
 "Nobody should have their daughter around you, fam. 
 You are ridiculous, you need help and you should seek help. 
 And people embracin' this dude needs to think about it and think what he's doin'... 
 And I blame myself and everybody else for not speakin' up and givin' their opinion on 
 What we think he is and what you ARE."