How many songs son, how many songs? 
 Yo son, it's like... 15. Hehehe. 
 "I dare a little punk to try to diss me 
 You wanna know why? Because..." - Lord Digga on Masta Ace Inc's "Saturday Night Live" 
 [Scratch Chorus of Lord Digga on Masta Ace Inc's song 'Saturday Night Live']: 
 "The microphone mutilater with the hardcore data" 
 "Because I spit on spectators" 
 "The microphone mutilater with the hardcore data" 
 "To smash motherfuckers to potatoes" 
 [Verse One]: 
 The microphone mutilater, I bruise your crew and neighbors 
 Do you dudes a favor, show you how to use a razor 
 (Are you a buddah blazer?) 
 Yes I get zooted major 
 And all you stupid haters, hit you with computer lasers 
 I got the smoothest flavor 
 Makin' moves, movin' makers 
 Off the roof, who's to save ya? (who's ya savior?) 
 Celph Titled the Rubix Ranger (player) 
 Stupid paper when I'm doin' capers 
 And what's inside this bazooka case will shoot a crater (ah) 
 In your screwface and doofus gaffers 
 My ruthless anger got animal-in-the-zoo behavior 
 Now who's the spayer? (hey) 
 Lose your body in a lake or tombs or chambers 
 Where you'll consume fumes and vapors (haha) 
 We mash fucks like Super Potatoes 
 It's true we'll do fools in, bury them with the rutabagas 
 Sooner or later 
 Fine tuned parachuting invaders will tear through your Winnebago 
 Wearin' suits and aimin' aero fusion phasers (blam) 
 They talkin' mules and acres 
 I'm filmin' movies in Bermuda on a cruise to Jamaica (man) 
 I'm a front tooth eraser 
 You'se a booty shaker (uh huh) 
 And you'll be found in a pool with barracudas and gators 
 [Scratch Chorus]: 
 "The microphone mutilater with the hardcore data" 
 "Because I spit on spectators" 
 "The microphone mutilater with the hardcore data" 
 "To smash motherfuckers to potatoes" 
 [Verse Two]: 
 I'm too real ill still will kill 
 No frills no gold grills hold still hooker/hoe "chill" 
 I know you smoke krills 
 You shouldn't till I throw you out mobile 
 (In Mobile Alabama) 
 In a pile of ants and pajamas 
 Surrounded by a thousand salamanders (what?) 
 I'ma bust a round of cannons off camouflaged as a satanic Santa Claus 
 Ain't another man that's raw, you should turn your cameras on 
 'Cause I'm bringin' the blama sauce 
 The blicker oil 
 The trigger boilin' hot from firing shots, I'll spit it for you 
 I'll promise you that, ask mama who's back 
 The motherfuckin' Montezuma of rap, hollerin' "Blaaaamp!" 
 And that's the way it goes down you fraudulent foe clown 
 I'ma put your skull in the dryer and watch it go round 
 "Oh my God!" 
 I'm salutin' one for y'all, no more shootin' guns at all 
 I'm boostin' the sun from God 
 [Scratch Chorus]: 
 "The microphone mutilater with the hardcore data" 
 "Because I spit on spectators" 
 "The microphone mutilater with the hardcore data" 
 "To smash motherfuckers to potatoes" 
 [Verse Three]: 
 So, so, so when I walk in a club with black jeans and a white tee 
 You're on a walkie talkie callin' security 
 "Hurry please... it's Celph and he came strapped" 
 Bringin' so much pain that, you can't get enough Novocaine packs 
 So insane in fact I was held captive 
 By unattractive cave women overdosed on Pro-Active 
 (Yo This That Shit!) 
 From the dynamite stick expert 
 With bottle rockets I flip with hotter objects of sex 
 And they flex in my bedroom 
 Legs spread, thick red head bitch, boom 
 With no freckles, she was actually 
 Have black/Icelandic 
 I might land this Spanish/Italian/French 
 Or whatever the fuck airport they got (fuck it) 
 At my mansion the size of a Marriott 
 Yes my rhymes are very hot 
 So where a vest 'cause when my CDs are pressed 
 They fly like Japanese ninja stars and they'll injure y'all 
 [Scratch Chorus]: 
 "The microphone mutilater with the hardcore data" 
 "Because I spit on spectators" 
 "The microphone mutilater with the hardcore data" 
 "To smash motherfuckers to potatoes" 
 [Scratches]: 
 "I dare a little punk to try to diss me" 
 [Outro] [Celph Titled talking]: 
 I told y'all motherfuckers. That's hardcore bitch niggas. 
 You're not hardcore motherfuckers. We buckwildin'. Yo Buck. 
 You know you hardcore on this one. Hardcore tracks. 
 Bring the shit back, fuck that, yo.