Aiyyo Apathy, from the Demigodz, is that really you? 
 (Yeah, what's up man, how you doin' aight?) 
 Yo, yo, what's up man, yo I love your shit! 
 I got all your shits, yo 
 Yo yo, can I get an autograph? can I get some 
 Yo I got all your vinyl pieces! I got all the vinyls 
 I got the one the new one, the Boom-Bap (oh word) 
 Yo, yo yo Apathy yo, yo please man, kick a freestyle! 
 I'm sayin' yo, off the dome! 
 I got little kids sittin' in class fiddlin' 
 Didn't take they Ritalin, Apathetic rolls more than Michelin 
 Whenever the clips start clickin' and 
 I stab motherfuckers like they're swordfishin' and they fell out the boat 
 (Ah!) but the fell inside of a boat filled with crocodiles 
 When I rock the style got the hottest style 
 Come off the head and blast like lead projectiles 
 Ya not safe in ya neighborhood like I'm a pedophile 
 With a van of a man, I kill all of my fans 'cause I'm paranoid 
 And think that they might turn into a Stan 
 (Jesus Christ!) Shut up, you're makin' my ears hurt 
 You'd probably sell your little sister for an Apathy T-shirt (it's true!) 
 I'll crack ya trachea like Dracula in Castlevania 
 Body-slam, crack ya back like Wrestlemania (oh!) 
 Your just poor white trash with a Charles Bronson mustache (ha!) 
 I'll beat your ass and take your bus-pass 
 I'm that bully at lunch that'll snatch ya cash 
 To avoid my wrath you probably cut class (yeah) 
 Your the type to fuck an ugly bitch and bust fast 
 I'll leave you gaspin' like you ate Anthrax and mustard gas (ah!) 
 Word up son, I'm battlin' forces 
 I'm "made from the best stuff on Earth", a rapper Snapple endorses 
 And even for little weird kids 
 I still find time to throw a root beer in they fridge 
 Yo yo Apathy that was so fuckin' dope! 
 I love it! (aw man) yo yo yo yo encore, kick another one! 
 (Yo yo man hold up, I gotta be out man) 
 (But I think my man Louis Logic right here can help you out) 
 Ah-ah-ah, Lou? Louis Logic? 
 (Chill, chill dude} Jesus! Oh! Factotum! 
 I drank my first beer, listenin' to Factotum! 
 (Ha-ha-ha, you need another one dude) 
 (Yo I'm kinda hemmed up right now, but you know what) 
 (I could kick a free for you, hold up) 
 Yeah that's what I'm talkin' about! Spit it! Spit it! 
 Be aware, that I'm in need of a beer (I love it!) 
 You motherfuckers got a full pack of Squares? 
 I'ma steal that too, and smash you in the fuckin' face 
 With a big piece of Chinese bamboo (ha ha ha!) 
 I'm Logical, I'm the comical one 
 I could kick you, right in your abdominal son (whoa!) 
 And I leave you on the run from the cops, and the feds 
 For tryin' to fuck around with any rhyme that I said (ah!) 
 You're a biter, I'll strike you with a brand new lighter 
 And slash ya fuckin' face with the claws of a tiger 
 I'd outright ya, and outshine ya (kick it!) 
 And take ya wife out and wine and dine her (oh-ho!) 
 But I don't need to do that to get the pussy 
 'Cause I know her legs are bushy, and I ain't tryna fuck her (oh!) 
 I'll stuff a fuckin' trucker in a duffel bag 
 Then I'll snuff his ass, fuckin' fag! You should know better (ooh!) 
 'Cause Louis Logical, put you in a nightclub sweater 
 I would fuck you up, but I like hoes better (ah-ha!) 
 You better escape before I'm settin' the date 
 To desecrate your face and leave you in a resting place (ah-ha!) 
 So let's just say, that I'm the man of the hour 
 With an unbelievable power to put a golden shower 
 Right over ya dome and have every motherfucker I don't like 
 Pissed off, while I'm soakin' ya clothes (I love you!) 
 Ahaha! Ah bravo bravo! (thank you, thank you ha ha) 
 I love you! I love you! Louis? 
 Lou? Can I call you Lou? (call me shithead dude) I love you! 
 That was, you're a star! That was the best! Fuckin' Jesus! 
 (Oh boy this kid) 
 These are the best freestyles I've ever heard in my life! 
 (Yo man you think that was some shit man?) 
 (Snoozy motherfuckers bout to find out, check out my man Celph Titled) 
 (Yo, spit that shit) Ah! 
 Celph Titled never freestyles? Fuck that! (Ah!) 
 I'd rather put a gun to your back, nigga, fuck rap! (Ooh!) 
 Crucify you to the wall with a thousand thumb tacks 
 You dumb cats are dumb whack, here's your fuckin' tongue back! 
 I should spray you for lookin' as gay as you do 
 You look like a fuckin' surfer ah, I hate you! (Oh Jesus!) 
 I'll hang glide into your ride and slice ya throat 
 Wrap your dead body up in a Cardigan coat (oh my God!) 
 Shout out to Magic, I been dope since I first met him 
 And that was back in nineteen ten! 
 I shine like flashed from Kodak, reflected off Kojak's head 
 I'll leave you wet like Bill Clinton's face (ah!) 
 Fuck Dan Quayle I'll go quail huntin' 
 And shoot you in the face for frontin'! (Jesus!) 
 So go get your orange vest, I'll punch ya head off ya chest 
 Molest your mom while you off in a gay prom wearin' a cummerbund! 
 I'm the thunderous one, Celph Titled ain't a nigga seein' me son 
 You couldn't kick verses if you played soccer, with a Bible 
 I'm so vital I'll play organs at church 
 This is the last time I let 'em come off the dome, so search 
 On the internet and find eight hundred different records with my name on it! 
 (Jesus no!) You're a faggot wearing a bonnet! With a rainbow on it! 
 I'm the Don, I'm the king, I'm numero uno! 
 I'll terrorize your execution on dada mundo! 
 Ah! 
 Apathy! Louis Logic! And Celph Titled! 
 Ah! The Demigods!