(Feat. King Syze, Vinnie Paz) 
 (The Allen Parson's Project:) 
 "Two of a kind... Silence and I 
 We'll find a way to work it out" 
 (Intro: Vinnie Paz) 
 Yeah... Pazmanian Devil 
 Louis Dogs... hahahahahaha 
 AOTP, Celph Titled 
 King Syze, baby 
 Walk with me (hahahahahaha) 
 Yeah... 
 (Verse 1: Vinnie Paz) 
 Yo, I mastered the flow 
 I know death more than Lazarus know 
 And me defeated is infrequent like Nazareth snow 
 Hold your urn into the air so the ashes can blow 
 Hold my burner in the air so the pacifists know 
 That I ain't scared to start a revolution 
 Another fixed election, another injustice, I'ma execute 'em 
 Land of the free, home of the bravest 
 Who you think the victim, who you think the fuckin' slave is? 
 People on the grind, workin' for minimum wages 
 Workin' 9 to 9 and seein' a minimum paper 
 Not to mention the inadequecies of welfare 
 And the lack of a proper universal health care 
 They don't know about the common man 
 They care about distractin' you and hope that Israel will bomb Iran 
 I got a bombin' hand, and it's for George Walker 
 Meet your maker, motherfucker, meet your Lord Father 
 "It's gangsta how we rock, while you watch 
 Attracted to our style, this is how we get down 
 With big jewelry and big guns 
 We get busy, it get grizzly" <- Mobb Deep 
 (Verse 2: King Syze) 
 Yeah, uh... 
 Yo this is concrete rap, Q-Dimension pavin' the way 
 It's a sacred day, waitin' for my patience to pay 
 I'm a horse that's grazing the hay, that's sayin' olé 
 I'm the evil that's born when someone good passes away 
 I'm most good at foul things, the love and hate an unwanted child brings 
 Right, left, life, death, distress that a trial brings 
 The best of the wild kings, that's us 
 This is smoked out rap, get high, angel dust 
 Roll with niggas that be payin' them dues 
 Playas that don't give a fuck if they lose 
 Live they whole life drainin' booze 
 Doc already told me, "Is it rap or smoke?" 
 Is it Bars of Death for life, or a hole in my throat? 
 Hard-headed, livin' my life regrettin' shit 
 This that next shit, Syzemology: the new testament 
 Do this for my niggas Kong and the fam' 
 Yo I do this for them haters sayin' my songs don't bang 
 (Verse 3: Celph Titled) 
 If this industry's a movie, I'm the starrin' actor 
 You're an assistant for the intern of the back up gaffer 
 But I'm only a rapper, standin' on two feet, backstage with four whores 
 On all fours, and that's on all tours 
 How long can I spit a punchline and an ill statement 
 And keep your attention span on my records for entertainment? 
 No explainin' it, you do the math, I did the math teacher 
 Ms. Anita spread wide, under the gymnasium bleachers 
 Fucka, don't matter which herb speak 
 'Cause we got pistols with barrels longer than Big Bird's beak 
 Plus the creamy white powder, yeah we sellin' to Milk D 
 My audio too raw for children, it's filthy 
 I never leave the crib without a pack of Now and Laters 
 I pack now, and *BLAAT* later 
 And ain't no playa you can find rollin' down the strip with hundred rounds and clips 
 Packin' MACs in the back of the Ac' on some Big Pun shit 
 When you hear the "click" your clique run quick, dick 
 We transportin' handguns in minivans; that's the "pistol whip" 
 Celph Titled, the gourmet chef, ripple effect 
 An inconspicuous spic with kitchen mittens when I'm splittin' ya neck