Uh, what? Yeah. Uh, haha. What's really populatin'? 
 Huh? I'm on motherfuckin' hiphopgame.com man. Yeah. 
 Celph Titled, Frosty The Snow Thug, you already snuffed motherfucker. 
 Artist of the month. This is big man. It's real big. Major. 
 730 made the beat. Awww man. 730! We keepin' it so gangsta, gravy, Godzilla. 
 Errr. Got the Celph Titled/Buckwild album droppin' Oct. 26th. 
 No Sleep Recordings. You need to get that. Yeah. I got 'em 730, let's go. 
 (Verse One) 
 Terrorizin' the whole city 
 I'm not a human entity 
 No plasma, DLP or LCD can picture me vividly 
 And if it's me you know it's hardcore to the gutter 
 Carve 'em up with a cardboard cutter 
 My glock blows shells like Taco Bells sells taco shells 
 Pop bar-rells this may not go well 
 I miss Big L, Big Pun and Biggie 
 Inspired me to do it, now I do it so they stay livin' within me 
 I never sold O's just hold chrome 
 The Goodyear Blimp said, "Fuck Celph" so I blew it out the O-Zone 
 Almost home, landin' on the tarmac 
 In a G5, it make you sick, dick here's a barf bag 
 My bullets is (out to just get cha) 
 In one ear out the other like (a calculus lecture) 
 Blow out from the pressure 
 Celph stop bustin' at 'em 
 I can't help it, my trigger finger got muscle spasms 
 And what just happened? 
 Me and 730 went destructo 
 I slap hoes, you let your chickens cluck though 
 You never shot a gat, you wore Davy Crockett hats 
 Stole from the neighbor, got scolded then you brought it back (faggot) 
 You was born being gay, I was born to repeat D-Day 
 With missiles launch codes programmed in my DNA 
 Nineteen Ninety Now in stores October 26th 
 Make sure you buy it so I keep comin' with the dopest shit 
 We stay d-d-d-d dirty 
 Celph Titled... 730 
 D-d-d dirty 
 Heard me? (Bllllah!) 
 I spit like you heard an AK speak 
 But nah, it's just a freestyle for HHG 
 Yeah. Bitch boy. I guess there's ain't really nothin' else to say man. 
 I guess it's just really, ain't nothin' else to say. What more can I say? 
 All I know is we're winnin'. Winnin'. Yesss. And y'all can not fuck with me. 
 You can't fuck with me. My raps kill kill kill (kill).