(Intro] [from the movie 
 Juice 
 ) 
 I'll hold on to the gun. 
 Why should he hold onto the gun? 
 'Cause I already got it motherfucka! 
 (Scratches) 
 "Apathy attacks like asteroids or avalanches" - Apathy 'A.O.T.P.' 
 [Verse One] [Apathy]: 
 Welcome to hell, I'm Lucifer's Lieutenant 
 In the School Of Hard Knocks I'm the superintendent 
 Treat a hoe like a hoe, why would you get offended? 
 When 90% of y'all are all stupid and pregnant 
 Bunch of freaks, hotter than summer heat 
 No wonder brothers creep 
 Pick up lines work when she's slower than a southern beat 
 I'm livin' proof I can get in these boots 
 To make rappers turn pussy I'ma give 'em a douche 
 My shit is the truth 
 North Face and Timberland boots 
 I'm '92 2Pac, readin' scripts for 
 Juice 
 Yeah 
 You got the cash, I'ma rob your ass 
 Stick you with a stocking mask 
 (You out for the doe) 
 C'mon you gotta ask? 
 I'm good with the guns, good with the funds 
 One of your shit will get done 
 Riddle your body with metal better get rid of the evidence before the detectives come 
 So clear a path for the bully in a bull dozer 
 Booby trap the trunk with a pump in case I get pulled over 
 (Sirens] [gun shots) 
 "You're welcome. You're all welcome!" 
 (Gun shot) 
 (Scratches) 
 "The fuck you wanna do, come and see Ryu" - Ryu 'Godz In The Front' 
 [Verse Two] [Ryu]: 
 Lord have mercy these dudes are dookey 
 I don't even wanna hear it, please somebody shoot me 
 Put me out of my misery quick, I am through givin' a shit 
 I am officially on a mission from a different planet 
 A solar system with some nerdy equipment 
 I got the faggotron cannon pointed at your position 
 So quick and efficient 
 Come have a listen for yourself, take a peek at my kitchen 
 You better loosen up your belt 
 More flavor than a frickin' rotisserie chicken 
 Who left the mic on? 
 Holy shit, Jimmy Crickets, I am an icon 
 Turn the lights on when I finish 
 I treat beats like a pipe bomb and I just lit it 
 Fuck your iPod and every trash rapper that's in it 
 Come snuggle with a python, it's fun for minutes 
 It's been a lifelong dream, now I'm seein' the fruit 
 The DGC killin' machine, the R-Y-U 
 Suck it 
 "Y'all came in to see a show. We want everybody cooperation, in the place tonight." 
 [Scratches]: 
 It's Esoteric, what you expect dude? - 7L and Esoteric 'Speaking Real Words' 
 [Verse Three] [Esoteric]: 
 Ayo ready set, machete rip 
 Block kid that'll never jet 
 The coolest tattooless motherfucker that you ever met 
 You got the nerve to spit about how you murder cliques and bust guns 
 But those are just two other words for for tits and cock hammers 
 And those are just two other words for dicks 
 And for a couple clowns like y'all it seems that's a perfect fit 
 It's like, make yourself a dang casadilla 
 I'm drunk off this Buckwild shit, don't let me near that case of Miller 
 She's a gentle lady killer, for reala, erase your bill 
 Above Freddie, Jason, Godzilla, I'm devastation, Attila 
 Y'all cats be on the bus like you're fresh from jail 
 The only carrots y'all be holding is for your son's lunch pail 
 I unveil the unreal, a done deal, you punks fail 
 Shit, we go in on beats like y'all go in on two for one sales 
 And I assume you know my man Celph 
 Remove your piece from the Pterodactyl, y'all be Dinosaur Jr.s 
 And I'm out 
 "Believe me sir, he's not human! 
 But are you aware that he tortured them with a refinement of cruelty?" 
 (Scratches) 
 "Celph Titled's known as a gangster to some" - Celph Titled 'Playin' With Fire' 
 [Verse Four] [Celph Titled]: 
 Fuck a bitch, I'm on some borderline rape shit 
 I'm puttin' one in the oven and it ain't a fuckin' Duncan Hines cake mix 
 I will put a few stacks on your spine 
 You are a money back guarantee, plus I'm out my mind 
 Where's the catering service? 
 I need to feed my ego 
 Sit at home, smoke, collect checks and eat Doritos (yeah) 
 Drive around in a $60,000 car 
 Douse your ma and pa, got at least 60 gallons more 
 Manipulate metaphors, I am rhymin' raw 
 I'm am the Human Torch, of course I got firearms 
 So henceforth 
 What you say is irrelevant 
 I'll put the metal in your chin like Kanye's skeleton (oh my) 
 Disintegrate flesh when led enzymes chew 
 (Even your windpipe too?) 
 The hollows went right through 
 My marksman trainin' is ill when I clap and spark it 
 Use your kids trainin' wheel as a practice target