(Talking Intro) 
 The Landmine Lieutenant, in the muthafuckin' house 
 We 'bout to do it like this... 
 (Verse One) 
 I hold the record for the most ignorant rhymes said 
 That'll knock that cowboy hat off of Imus' head 
 Catch me on the Food Network and watch me handle beef 
 2 letters: I'm O.T., 2 words: I'm gettin' money 
 2 verses: I'm gettin' twenty 
 And that's thousands 
 Hoo-ridin' through L.A. in a Bronco with Al Cowlings 
 The head honcho, I'm out browsin' 
 And I ain't lookin' for bulletproof Hummers, just for bullets that shoot Hummers 
 And Beamers with moonroofs for the summer 
 For easy access to jump out poppin' and turn ya brains to au grautin 
 Rotten, as a young kid I never was the dude to call 
 Too busy turnin' G.I. Joes into voodoo dolls 
 Put my cigarette out on ya nose 
 Get blood on my suit? I got a thousand of those 
 Can't come close, my discography's the one with the most 
 'Cause I appear on more tracks than Dale Earnhardt's ghost 
 If you approach, I'll murder though 
 My gun flip more shells than the Ninja Turtle show 
 This is my movie in 3-D, slice ya neck with a Fugees CD 
 And stick Lauryn Hill with the coroner's bill 
 (Sample-Looped Chorus] [x4) 
 "Ha, ha-ha-ha, and we do like this, and we do it like this, and we do it like..." 
 (Verse Two) 
 Muthafuckin' Celph Titled is back (yeah!) you can't the diminish fact 
 I pull the panties off of feminine acts 
 And with Sinista on the scratch (maaaan) 
 You know I'm rippin' this wax cause Buckwild came with the pimpinest track 
 And with style and grace, I'll punch a guy in his face 
 ("Wipe out, remove, erase and annihilate") 
 Yeah, that's how I move when I swing 
 And like Ben Grimm's wife, you ain't doin' a Thing 
 I done been ripped mics from Australia to Queens 
 Smacked wack labels up for bogus shit they released 
 And when Moses split the seas 
 I jumped the gap on water skis (Did you look back?) Nah, nothin' more to see 
 Cause on my Island, there's no sign of Def Jam 
 Won't sign with left hand, right hand, Aight? SCRAM! 
 I shine bright next to mic stands 
 Might just blind ya eye sight and give ya hype man a slight tan 
 [Sample-Looped Chorus] [x4] "Ha, ha-ha-ha, and we do like this, and we do it like this, and we do it like..." 
 (Verse Three) 
 Rough enough when I swing with a uppercut 
 Yellin' at rappers like a megaphone with the button stuck 
 Kerosene, pour quarts out, in front of the court house 
 Light a match and in a calm manner I walk out 
 In Atlanta I bring the Hawks out 
 These are Doberman jaws, I looked over and saw you had a small snout 
 Do I catch wreck? Hell yeah 
 I'm the Fresh Prince of Hell's Lair, y'all better get some healthcare 
 Fuckin' with Celph's rare, not too many wanna do it 
 But the ones that did got they record label ruined 
 Made you switch angles, somethin' ain't lookin' right 
 Underground rappers turned to Criss Angel lookalikes? 
 That's what a faggot's lookin' like, so fuck anybody that knows ya 
 You a coward and a poser 
 I'm about flows that roast ya 
 Your shit's dead, it's leftover French bread from Stouffers burnt in my toaster 
 Certainly it's over, y'all gotta start with a new scheme 
 Your goofball Ron Burgundy news team 
 Ain't bringin' the forecast 
 My hurricane cyclone attack leave you with your bones cracked and four casts 
 (Sample-Looped Chorus] [x4) 
 "Ha, ha-ha-ha, and we do like this, and we do it like this, and we do it like..." 
 (Scratch + Sample Outro) 
 "Like this!" 
 "A one-two, a checka one-two"