Talking Intro] [Ant "Flave" Black: 
 Ayo Celph, it's a lot of wack shit goin' on, man 
 Lot of muthafuckas drippin' with wack juice and all that 
 Bitch ass muthafuckin' garbage music on the internet 
 Niggas wearin' tight jeans and mohawks? 
 Like my boy Hov said 
 I don't wear skinny jeans cause my knots don't fit! 
 Yo Celph, let these niggas know 
 (Verse One) 
 Muthafucka I came to set it off (What you mad for?) 
 These amateurs destroyed the whole rap platform (Word?) 
 Think I'm wrong? Check the facts 
 You'd be hard pressed to find a fan that's just a fan that don't rap 
 Everybody got a song, everybody got a mixtape 
 Braggin' 'bout the verses that they purchased off of MySpace 
 They ain't buyin' records, they workin' on their records 
 And postin' bulletins to make sure you heard their records 
 I get fan mail, you write spam mail 
 All about your CD that for some reason just can't sell 
 I wonder why is that? Is your flow not hard? 
 Lyrics ain't on point? Production not up to par? 
 Or, uh, you don't spit hot enough bars 
 Or 'cause you're little Timmy and you're just fuckin' soft 
 Your voice sound lame as hell (true) 
 You can't command the track plus you use the mic that came with your Dell (dude) 
 Made a internet music page, posted some songs up 
 Begged people to check 'em, but then they say they all suck! 
 It ain't my fault that you're wack 
 It's my fault for not makin' this track sooner, I'm the Demigodz gat shooter 
 The AOTP crack mover, with impactful maneuvers 
 Send jabs at losers like I'm Zab Judah 
 (He ain't talkin' 'bout me at all!) 
 Bitch, ya drippin' with wack juice and you can't get it off (yup) 
 (Shouting Chorus] [x3) 
 Ya drippin' with wack juice and you can't get it off! 
 (Chorus Scratch) 
 "You drippin' with wack juice and you can't get it off" 
 (Verse Two) 
 I bring it straight to ya, I won't kick no weirdo literature 
 Over trash beats, with a stupid-ass time signature 
 Think you so fresh, movin' rap forward 
 But that's when I'm pressin' fast forward 
 If the future of hip hop is some faggots with mohawks 
 Tight clothes and women's scarfs, then I'm gone 
 Back to that gutter, back to that basement 
 Back to real live microphone skills and not gay shit 
 I really didn't understand it when I heard these joints 
 It's like on purpose they try to rap with a nerdy voice 
 (Is you serious?) 
 My mindstate's like a bitch on the rag, I just don't like you, period 
 I'll be a rock star and aim a Fender where ya heart at 
 Ya better guard that, I'm Rick Rubin, here's guitar stabs 
 I'm the missile and the satellite 
 I'm the assassin type goin' out blastin like 
 The end of Scarface, remember that gun Al Pacino had? 
 Picture that except it's aimin' dead at a emo fag 
 Me and Buckwild, will shut y'all down 
 With a box of S-950 disks and my style 
 So when I see some hipsters in Williamsburg 
 I'mma ignite their hair gel and dance while them bitches burn 
 You little fairy fucks get the dick sauce 
 Cause ya drippin' with wack juice and you can't get it off (uh) 
 (Shouting Chorus] [x3) 
 Ya drippin' with wack juice and you can't get it off! 
 (Chorus Scratch) 
 "You drippin' with wack juice and you can't get it off" 
 (Bridge Scratch) 
 "Celph Titled The Rubix Cuban" 
 (Bridge Vocals] [x2) 
 I go on... I go on, I go on 
 (Verse Three) 
 If you're drippin' with wack juice, I can't help y'all 
 You can't get it off, can't get a dog to lick it off 
 Matter fact can't get a dog to lift a paw 
 I love vicious assaults and that's why I did this song 
 Oh you're a hater on the sideline? Sayin' Celph is corny 
 Celph is wack, Celph is this, Celph is that 
 You know what's funny 'bout that? 
 It's ya very own mouth the name Celph is comin' out at 
 (So what about them clowns that say you're weak?) 
 Is they buggin' cocksucka? They wish they could spit my speech 
 And be the Grand Daddy Grenade Man 
 Runnin' the muthafuckin' show like Ferris Bueller at parade jams 
 Rollin' with Diggin' In The Crates fam 
 The Landmine Lieutenant, underground hip hop's new name brand 
 (Recognize) Pay homage or you pay the cost... 
 ("You're drippin' with wack juice and you can't get it off")