I'm chocolate like a bar, but my name is not Roseanne 
 My skin has a pigment, reminiscent of a tan 
 I plan to grow dreads, but first a nappy 'fro 
 The longer the hair, the easier to scare a foe 
 It grows from my head till it covers up my face 
 People look and stare when I walk into the place 
 I grace the stage, I hates the age of charletons 
 Now I feel the time has come for me to spar with'em 
 Startin' with a swift up kick and an uppercut (Ouch!) 
 Plus the funky beat that moves your torso and your upper butt 
 Then I manipulate the spectators and I drop a real rhyme 
 For the times are a-changin' 
 I rearrange my style like a jigsaw 
 People jock the styles and the rhymes 'cause it is raw 
 Walkin' through the streets of Berkley where I lurk free 
 Brothers try to jerk me to the side and try to hurt me 
 But perky little devils only get to levels lower than 
 The grower of the cannibus plants and I dismantle the stance 
 That ya take, 'cause I ache the ear canals 
 Many try to flex my neck, but fear the child, so yep 
 "Ahonetwo, Ahonetwo, I like it 
 Ahonewo, Ahonetwo, funky human bein'" 
 (DEL Talking:) 
 Damn, fools be jockin' us, you know why they jockin' us? ' 
 'Cause we got the straight ultra sound, fool. (Mind music!) 
 We got the straight ultra sound, fool. We got the straight beat, 
 Fool. (Ha Ha!) We are the dopest, fool. 
 (That's why all the fools at school be jockin' us) 
 (Yo, check it, check it, check it) (Check this out). 
 What's up Phesto, you know we the dopest... the whole universe. " 
 The friendly, many, scopin' up horizons 
 Keepin' eyes on the mischievous who flys on 
 The tip like a pile of feces, I release these 
 Mad troops like Dr. Claw with the mad beats 
 Sequence that we brings to the world like a flood 
 I leap like a tigger and I land with a thud 
 Collasal, causin' earthquakes and the earth shakes constant 
 Kicks more ass than Charles Bronson 
 I pounce like a cat 'cause I think I'm all that 
 When it comes to the drums, when I see how y'all act 
 The H to the I, oh my, oh man, it slams 
 I never came candied like the yams 
 Sambo, stands low, never to my latitude 
 Never was a nigga and I never had an attitude 
 Never actin' mad at you unless you try to front 
 On the D-E like you didn't know the day of the month 
 Once they get a whiff of the shit, you know it's funky 
 Please keep up your gall 
 'Cause I'ma ball them fools who hunt me 
 Act like you do, or rather act like you know 
 Del, Souls of Mischief, Extra Pro, down with Hiero 
 (Hierogliphics in the house) It's like that y'all 
 (It's like that y'all, ya don't stop 
 Check it out y'all, ya don't stop 
 Check it out, yo, ya don't stop 
 Hierogliphics in the house, ya don't stop 
 Souls of Mischief in the house, ya don't stop 
 Extra Prolific in the house, ya don't stop 
 T-L-E is in the house, you don't stop 
 Morris J's in the house, ya don't stop