(Yeah... I'm gonna take it light... Yeah... D-E-L in the house... funky, 
 Funky, 
 Funky, funky lyrics... check this out) 
 I contemplate a rhythm with a hunch 
 Swing and give a punch and put a fraud out to lunch 
 And scrunch up your rap book pages, eat 'em like it's licorice 
 Snatch your gold chains, steal your gold fronts and return 'em to the 
 Caves 
 Of the motherland 
 And ride a rhinoceros back to the other land 
 So I can show a foe who is the prototype 
 And then go toe to toe and if the rhythm is hype 
 I take it on my journeys to the mystic place 
 So I can dis the facial value of your ballyhoo 
 See, my style is rather passive but I can get aggressive 
 Brothers get done when they try to be impressive 
 'Cause I do not impress easily 
 D-E-L is eager to be 
 The founder of the fragrance 
 And watch the vagrants 
 Scatter like rats in the sewer as we do 'em like two secret agents 
 In the region of the forest where the march hare dwells 
 I sit and write scriptures by the old wishin' well 
 Collect all my notes and sail a boat back to Berkeley 
 Tries fill my vibe 'cause my style is rather earthly 
 Some say it's wack but I ain't tryin' to hear it 
 As long as what I do contains my soul and my spirit 
 It's cool, I use this as a rule of thumb 
 I take a dip into the pool of radiance until the fool was done 
 Slidin' on the floor like a fat ignoramus 
 Ya sold 8 million but ya still don't entertain us 
 'Cause you're fraudulent, I have no time for a jester 
 Go take your place beside Uncle Fester 
 'Cause you are an uncle too, you are an Uncle Tom 
 And D-E-L and Hieroglyphics gonna drop the bomb 
 (Yeah... under the sun, under the sun, under the sun... we gonna take it 
 Light) X3 
 D-E-L, the 18 year old dwella of the meadow 
 Is showin' it hell beats livin' in the ghetto 
 Things are peaceful and everything's settle 
 With a good night's snooze on a bed of rose petals 
 I wake up in the morning feelin' happy and refreshed 
 Before I make my journeys I must eat and get dressed 
 A pair of blue jeans and a shirt with greenish hues 
 Greener than the grass that was caught between my shoes 
 When I trample through the forest with my brother CM-PX 
 The kinky haired nubian there with a human 
 My hair gets notty without the proper groomin' 
 The whole metamorphis resembles flowers bloomin' 
 In the shadows, deep within the trenches of the sea 
 Free as Leah, a head of hair like a tree 
 'Cause I'm a love child, follow me now children 
 'Cause I'm a love child, I love to see the children smile 
 At my answers, foes get frantic and nervous and panic 
 Even as I venture past the planet called Earth 
 Born from the womb of the nebula 
 Deeper in the meadow where my actions are irregula' 
 I bug out and tell my maid to take the rug out 
 And dust it, and proceed to throw the thugs out of the pasture 
 As I recline on a hippo 
 Wipe the funky speech and watch my profits seem to triple and quadruple 
 Teachin' all the pupils proper scruples in the meadow 
 (CHORUS: "(Yeah... under the sun, under the sun, under the sun... we gonna 
 Take it light) X4" 
 "(How ya doin'?, How ya livin'?, in the meadow, in the meadow... hey, How 
 Ya 
 Feelin'?, How ya doin'?...hey... ah yeah...)"