You want my life, you wanna take away what's mine 
 But I got my rights and I'll keep singing till the sun don't rise 
 It's like a game for me to watch you suffer in pain 
 It's my favorite thing, and I'ma do this shit till you're slain 
 You could go and ask God, even he wants you dead 
 I'll put you into shame every time that my pen hits the paper 
 Mista Mista I'm the new Docta Davis, who tries to rap, but can't even sing 
 The only time he sounds good is when he's spreadin' his rumors 
 Fillin' up his beer gutt with the last of his Cooler's 
 Yeah Right, Dumb Man, don't you ever compare me to you 
 I'm the next Dre, you're that dude who can (?) 
 And now you're choking 'cause your career is over for you 
 I fuckin' smoked you, both you, don't you got something 
 Better to do than they tell each other who's cuter 
 Mr Cool Dude, oh yeah, I forgot to tell you that your mom's a loose bitch 
 And her two kids can suck my dick, you know who this is! 
 As I walk alone... I still sing for tomorrow 
 Don't you forget that when I meet you, there won't be no sorrow 
 These streets are cold, but this lonely road I follow 
 I'm not scared, 'cause I know I'm comin' home tomorrow 
 Hello? Dr. Dre says he don't like me 
 If he's got a problem with my penis, he can bite me 
 Motherfuckers think 'cause I'm on the radio 
 They can buy me and put these asses right beside me 
 You think I'ma sit here lying? Fuck that 
 I ain't gonna let no psychologist pump 
 Back in my city nine milly milly 
 Sing it with me 
 I got The Truth in spirit, you can try to hear me 
 There's a certain magic when I spit and only few can match it, 
 'Cause I'm right above the ceiling, it's a normal habit 
 That's why these people say I killed their fake God (?) 
 So take up all these feelings, so when you need me 
 Just say, "How you doin'?" 
 I don't need that other crap about "Wow, how have you grew up" 
 And You can take the other route and just say "Wow how you Blew up" 
 But behind my back, you're sayin', "How the fuck did he do it?" 
 As I walk alone... I still sing for tomorrow 
 Don't you forget that when I meet you, there won't be no sorrow 
 These streets are cold, but this lonely road I follow 
 I'm not scared, 'cause I know I'm comin' home tomorrow 
 Yo, some may view me as a villain, 
 They treat me like a felon 
 So music's like a weapon 
 My mind is like my senses 
 I know when they pretend shit 
 Acting like it's friendship 
 Kiss my fucking necklace 
 Ask Joe hes my motherfucking witness 
 In every single line I spit I spit like I'm 2pac and shit 
 But yeah, I'm still rocking it, still walking it 
 They ask Deuce, "Why you talking it?" 
 As I walk alone... I still sing for tomorrow 
 Don't you forget that when I meet you, there won't be no sorrow 
 These streets are cold, but this lonely road I follow 
 I'm not scared, 'cause I know I'm coming home tomorrow