Black gangster (repeat 12x) 
 I met this out of town player who wanted to set up a trap 
 He said he'd pay me and my boys if we would watch his back 
 I told my other partner exactly where we kept tha sacks 
 Then early in tha mornin' told 'em we got jacked 
 I learnt to get what was mine before I hit tha scene 
 Learnt to double-up my money before I turned 18 
 At ten in tha mornin' if you pay me a visit 
 You can catch me cookin' up dem chickens just like j.r. crickens 
 My partner from new york he gave me a beak 
 He need 9 on tha 13th at 20 a piece 
 I copped 15 g's from my personal cut 
 And he gave me five more and told me that's for wakin' him up 
 (Black gangster 8x) 
 I got this worker on tha street sayin' he not gon' pay 
 He say I'm fly at tha mouth and plus I shorted him weight 
 I went right to his house on tha same day 
 Knocked tha windows out his car say playa what chu' say 
 Ain't nobody takin' form us e.p.v.'s (east point veterans) 
 We'll wake tha whole house up for a set of car keys 
 One time this old lady looked at me 
 And say she see tha truth in tha strong young blood like it used to be 
 I keep my stash and everything on lock 
 And keep my business to myself and watch my back 'cause that's all I got 
 It's been like that ever since I was young 
 And if anybody want some betta bring them a gun 
 Beat stops interlude 
 Cool breeze talking 
 Cool beeze: ay man hold on man 
 Who is this sucka who keep runnin' his mouth 
 I know he ain't from around here! 
 Other guy: listen to me champ calm down 
 He's nobody this sucka boy went from sellin' hot dogs last week 
 To wanting to fight tha champ this week. forget about him. 
 Cool breeze: I'mma I'mma who is he? I'm tha champ. 
 Other guy: I don't know who he is, 
 But tha playa fishin' wit cha champ he tryin' to 
 Get you to bite. he's nobody forget about em 
 Cool breeze: wha, what chu' mean, 
 If I'm tha champ then anything that come through 
 Here gotta come through me. who is he!? 
 Other guy: see there you go, you losin' it, ya losin' it 
 Cool breeze: who is he!? aw... 
 Beat and rapping continues 
 We had this kingpin who came in wit 200 pounds 
 And every player in this town 
 Was talkin' bout' layin' him down 
 One of my people hit me late on a Monday night 
 And said he settin' up his shop where we at, yeah right 
 If you ever in tha south and you doin' some dirt 
 First thing first my folks they git work 
 Everybody in this trap they game is tight 
 We gotta lock on this block and anything you like 
 All my customers they say I got tha oh-wee 
 When you hit it one time it make you say oh-weeee! 
 Man this brother that I hang wit they some (gangsters) 
 Some (gangsters) 
 Black (gangsters) 
 Black gangsters...