Verse one: cool breeze 
 I call da crib they say "breeze you ain't know? " 
 I say "what? " "big time got popped in his benzo!" 
 I said "damn man, I'm riding in his lexus 
 I'm bout to dump this nigga's shit in new dimensions 
 Get to the crib so I can call big slate up 
 And tell 'em da money man done slipped and got his throat cut 
 And everything that we took from the warehouse 
 I heard somebody talkin' 'bout it at the white house 
 Man I thought you said that this job was for me and you 
 I ain't know that bill clampett wanted some too 
 You tell his folks that I'm sorry bout that lexus 
 I'm 'bout to dip and see my sister up in... naaah! 
 Can't even tell you where I put my extra playa card 
 Cause them red dog police know we homeboys 
 Just tell everybody who us a dime 
 It's the great hoe round up yo' money time 
 I got to have mine, then I'm outta here 
 Take a loss, come back up just like coco grier 
 Ain't got to worry bout yo' potnah gettin' caught like a lame 
 It won't be over till that big girl from decatur sang" 
 (It won't be over till that big girl from decatur sang! 
 East pointe police don't know a damn thang...) 
 Verse two: big boi 
 Yeah, it won't be over 
 Check this out 
 Can you see what I be hearin talkin' to spirits when I sleep 
 Peep this out real quick slick, we gets on this beat and speak 
 About that pimp shit, that walk with dat limp shit, that hemp shit 
 Lookin' up in your face I see a coward and a dimwit 
 Lookin' to run up in my private home just like you was the folks 
 Servin' a warrant to a baby daddy, who do they come to quote? 
 On a Tuesday, April fool's day, don't get caught slippin 
 Leavin' the keys off in the ignition, makin' me guilty by suspicion 
 Penny pinchers tryin' to stack for ninety-six 
 Buyin another fleetwood, diamond took it, so know we's in the mix 
 I need to take my ass to the crib and drop the baby off 
 Cause them niggaz at the corner sto' been lookin' at me for too long 
 Starin' like accidents on highways, high days are better than sober ones 
 Don't be biased, but I know it has to come 
 So I put two in the sky to let them know I'm babysittin 
 Y'all don't know nothin' bout big boi cause that nigga steady dippin 
 It ain't over (why that, why that) till the bitch open her mouth up 
 And sang... 
 Verse three: big gipp 
 Took me a long time to get here 
 Long time man 
 I'm talkin' about, years, and years 
 Riding past funeral fields holdin' bodies of my peers 
 If you don't educate yourself 
 Now how the fuck you gonna understand how you posed to get paid? 
 Niggaz walk around get with shade tree ass ways 
 Fuck a fade, let my hair drag 
 Back and forth like a see-saw 
 Jumpin' lily, to lilypad dad 
 Lookin' to get my goodie feel 
 I'm broke in like some old men 
 Who'd stop dem or would stop 
 I'm droppin' lines for the big plot 
 Sixteen is when I started to dream 
 It's ninety-six I'm in your face 
 Can you hear that bitch scream? 
 (It won't be over till that big girl from decatur sang...)