(Diggy) 
 Uh yeah, uh uh uh uh yeah... 
 But girl, I gotta let you know that... 
 (Bei Major) 
 I know we're apart but 
 You still got my heart and... 
 Do you ever, think about me? 
 No I don't deserve this 
 What we had was perfect 
 That I'm always, Thinking 'bout you. 
 (Diggy Verse 1) 
 Hey Ms. Anonymous 
 Lately I've been reminiscing 
 On all our kisses and what we had 
 I'm kind of missing, it got me trippin' 
 'Cause everything just been so different and 
 Every time I'm in the heights, It got a nigga thinkin' 
 What if she better off without me just runnin' abroad 
 That she got a new man or just waiting up on my calls 
 Can't figure it out but I know I gave you my all 
 Funny how you took it for granted and then just called it off 
 The jewelry, the flowers, them late night hours 
 When I would confess the way I felt told you 
 I thought the world was ours 
 But I guess I was mistaken 
 Because when I was in Vegas, 
 I got a call when you were saying that you couldn't take it 
 Yeah she said it was just too much 
 Girl what you think this was a crush? 
 Na, I wasn't even in a rush 
 But the way you had me feelin' 
 I thought you wanted us 
 (Bei Major) 
 I know we're apart but 
 You still got my heart and... 
 Do you ever, think about me? 
 No I don't deserve this 
 What we had was perfect 
 That I'm always, Thinking 'bout you. 
 (Diggy Verse 2) 
 Everything seemed so perfect, almost like a dream 
 I guess a nightmare in disguise is all that you can see 
 But through the eyes of everyone around as well as me 
 We knew that our chemistry incredibly made us complete 
 So when it went down I was at a lost for words 
 I couldn't take it everything that I just heard 
 And anything that happened between us was now a blur 
 Cause only last week we were good then that occurred 
 So unexpected, your behavior didn't reflect it 
 Felt disconnected something between us intersected 
 All the affection gone, what happened to the blessing 
 We had together for so long, you and I perfected 
 I bet to you it didn't mean a lot 
 I mean I know you said it did, but right on the spot 
 You went and ban me from your life like a boycott 
 Well just imagine how much hurt this boy got 
 (Bei Major) 
 I know we're apart but 
 You still got my heart and... 
 Do you ever, think about me? 
 No I don't deserve this 
 What we had was perfect 
 That I'm always, Thinking 'bout you. 
 (Diggy last verse) 
 Late night just putting up a fight 
 With my feelings when I know it ain't right 
 Ain't never had this much strife in my life 
 But baby I can't stop 
 (x2) 
 Thinking 'bout you