(Havoc) 
 Sometimes it feels like the whole world is against me 
 And is it the henny that bend me; I be in the zone 
 Gazing at the walls, suppressed, thinking da phone 
 Don't take personal, but only a minor few can understand 
 What a nigga feeling; 40-first till I die motherfucka..(no doubt) 
 I'm still breathing. you a must son, we full bread 
 You ain't my dogg, tring to infiltrate my clik is you 
 I get wit you, handle that on a later note. 
 We o'er-dose eveything is death, we so close 
 I'm trying to tell these cats, but I let them do they thing... 
 Ready for the bad news till da phone ring 
 Son is dead, now I'm irate over my head seeking revenge. 
 Son is dead, son on your behalf trying to laugh 
 (Prodigy) 
 Check out the drill-dun, conceal guns 
 Play the hum leaning back checking out the action 
 On the benches we drinkin' x's 
 Yo twirl dat shit, while I spark this... 
 Sharply burn it down like an arsonist 
 Pull out the miz cause its time to bring the biz to kidz 
 And blow all hell fire out ya empire 
 Live as wire couldn't make my mobb expire or retire 
 I'm letting off till my arms tired 
 You set quite wit my head full of riot. 
 Our buyers, it clear for your ear to hear 
 I declare only live niggaz lock this year 
 '96-i lost my dun; '97-it got worse... 
 Pull money out the team, got to get mork... 
 And sat down you play the background when shots sound off 
 Flashbacks of how my man is gone, kb forever in my memory 
 I spill some henny then I keep it moving 
 Yo, do our thing, we got this, rockin' this 
 Ain't nobody stoppin' this rakim and imfamous 
 Reck the hood for you and yours-no doubt crash the bars 
 You don't really want to go against the source 
 (Big Noyd) 
 Surprise open eye, peep the foulness, wildness 
 Its bug, niggaz dug in the projects you holiday thug 
 Ease up all that illin and grillin 
 Get ya melon light up, you niggaz is butt 
 You want me, I'm reppin wb, what? 
 Where you find me at spillin congac from a cup 
 With my heat next to my nuts 
 Never been afraid to bust 
 Slug rushin to your head like dust 
 If that wasn't enough as long as strong and tough 
 We squeeze back, better believe he no longer breath-black 
 Fuckin' wit these swayze cats 
 I got dreams of raising my little queen and nobody gonna stop that 
 In fact black, if you come at me don't come sloppy 
 All my baby girl got is a papi to guide her 
 Through this world of hatred 
 And I die to see that she make it 
 And die to let the nextman take it, is you stupid, um... 
 (Rakim) 
 Yo, you want to come test, son is mad from stress 
 Penalty is death, pay your last respects 
 We harass you reap if you slept or half step 
 We adapt to see who we can master next 
 After sex pass the bless for after effects 
 Relax your stress through mad physac, mad contact 
 Cash a check to get assets we blast techs 
 Dealing with the mental aspect on chest 
 So we create a trust, if you dunns come to shot 
 Get hit with a twenty-one gun salute 
 I keep a loaded yet deadly 7sc 30 
 Soon as you it hit me I release lyrics of fury 
 And quick to say a poem to ricochet in your dome 
 My click made me leave the nickel-plated at home alone 
 So I can get chatter and be the better trend setter 
 The 18th letter forever