(Feat. A-Dog) 
 (Intro: Big Noyd) 
 Nighttime shift, you know it gets no realer than this 
 What! we be comin', we comin', 41st side nigga, gangstaz 
 Come on, we be in your face bitch 
 (Big Noyd) 
 You know when Q U come through we get 'em for they chain 
 They ain't sayin', quick to blow your motha'fuckin' brains 
 Nigga light the Benz on author, word to the daughter 
 Feel me black, ya' niggaz wanna beef, ya' niggaz betta squeeze 
 Hope he left his memories and fact, assumin that I love 
 That the streets and my gats, who hold me down? 
 Who got my back?, no one, who holdin' me down? 
 Who got my back? shit my big guns makin' you cowards run 
 I hit the bitch all in the lungs son wack 'em 
 When I flashed on 'em, I had his man turn an ass on 'em 
 'Cause the dezzy was pointed on his headdy 
 This niggaz ain't ready, dunn I dead crew 
 And ain't got shit poppin' on Channel One news 
 Who the fuck is these dudes? niggaz wanna fuck 
 Who the fuck wanna screw? I'm reach for my shit ready to blast one 
 Doin' jukes wit the one they say the mask on 
 Yo hold me down your heart is low budget son 
 You had one in the head but you didn't pull it son 
 No time for fake-ness 
 Be the first and last mistake you eva fuckin' make bitch! 
 Come out and stop hidin, deal wit the pressure 
 Before I send hunger and gun to come get ya 
 Wit 4-4's and betta, dumb-dumb's I bet ya 
 You won't even feel wit when they kill ya 
 So watch your back bitch! 
 (Interlude: Big Noyd) 
 'Cause we ghetto gangsta shit, 41st side nigga 
 Come on, 'cause we comin', we comin', we comin' 
 41st side what we here now 
 Lets show 'em how we get down 
 (Hook x2: A-Dog) 
 All I see is crime outside and truthfully I can't take it 
 All these pains inside, don't think I'mma make it 
 Shit!, the game is real so you must stay strong 
 All I see is cats locked up and dead and gone 
 (A-Dog) 
 I know cats that hate to take flicks 
 Blood thick in the hip by lingua chicks 
 Eager to strip, cornball slip, they knees stash closer to my dick 
 Savage dude eatin food disturbin the eagle trips 
 Son kissed to my lips bein bees played the concrete 
 Snow in the summer to increase your heart-beat 
 Duke, make it happen so retrovior right? 
 But when I black out and cut y'all in half and sayin' it ain't right? 
 Six building of the hook, henny and remy's 
 Stand dawg lays in samy at your enemy 
 Now they pass memories, I pal chicken till the death 
 Legal raw or legal I'm covered so fuck the ATF 
 Now fact the lord my thoughts are raw 
 I'm capable to leave the sickness seemed to chair-fold 
 Now the fair war, or severe any man hoar head 
 Shots chest, shots squeeze till this red hot 
 Bubble like where hustle and numb rocks 
 Soften your hard rocks wit one shot 
 And put your mind on your opposery 
 Blood ooze on his rose-rary 
 As I back away cautiously 
 (Hook x3: A-Dog)