Get Loose 
 Vanilla Ice is here with the juice. 
 No use for steppin' so give the bass a boost 
 Produced by the 3 man crew 
 Not a deuce just a hit man. 
 Keepin' rappers necks in a noose 
 I'm gettin' juiced up, 
 But Vanilla's not souped up. 
 Check out the read dope track that I looped up 
 All you poo but sucka's plain' the back in fact black. 
 If you run up I'll flip you like a flapjack, 
 An' roll you up like a knappack 
 Crack that skull with bat 
 You should've known you're rap's wacked 
 You lack the style and skill to even get paid. 
 Grab the mic and you will verbally get slayed. 
 I raid the track like a terrorist 
 And with my napalm bomb lyrics, 
 I got 'em scared of this. 
 So be prepared to be taken to the Twilight Zone 
 And the VIP is bad to the bone. 
 Ain't no way against me you can get juice 
 Ain't no way against me you can get juice 
 Ain't no way against me you can get juice 
 Back off the stage, 
 An' watch Vanilla Ice get loose. 
 Get Loose... all the Ladies, Get Loose... all the Fellas, Get 
 Loose... all the brothers, Get Loose... all the Mothers, Get 
 Loose... all the Sisters, Get Loose... now the Dogs, Get 
 Loose... Everybody, here we go, here we go 
 Get loose as I boost the juice 
 Once more for the people who wanted it. 
 An' didn't know what's in store, 
 I've got another big hit 
 Of course a Vanilla rides the groove like a Gemballa 
 Porsche. 
 I got Zero on the cut like a lumberjack better yet a 
 Butcher 
 Guaranteed to put cha in the right mood 
 We make ya dance in a frenzy. 
 Sucka's gettin' mad 'cause I'm getting all the Skins "G" 
 Plus I'm makin' all the ends "G". 
 And the women wanna ride my pickle like it was a bicycle 
 Or just lick it like a popsicle. 
 I got a little time to waste so baby put it in my face 
 I wanna taste you neta and I bet-cha, 
 I get-cha, right where I wan-cha, 
 And I'm about to let-cha have it. 
 I'm talking about my carrot, you're the bunny rabbit 
 Here it is baby doll, honey, grab it 
 Open up so I can have it. 
 Ooh... whee do like BBD and do me baby 
 You're the lady who makes 
 Me looney screamin' Ice ice Baby 
 Straight knockin' the boots just 'cause I'm a super star. 
 And she knows this that's why I do her far 
 Or should I say long, if you know what I mean. 
 I'm talking about my Ice cream - yeah 
 I make the girls scream, as I give up the juice 
 Vanilla Ice is here, to make the girls get loose...