1 2 3 4 Hit it, hit it 
 Yeah -- Here's a story 'bout my homeboy Randy 
 He was hooked on a girl named Candy 
 Started off as sex for fun 
 Now the girl's got him on the run. 
 Made love to her just one time 
 Now she runs his body and mind 
 He calls everyday on the phone 
 But Baby's playin' games 
 Leave a message at the tone 
 Soft and gentle is not her style 
 This girl is so damn wild. 
 All my partners wanna get next to her 
 But she ain't down with that 
 She moves right through 'em 
 Yeah, like paper plates 
 Tears 'em up and she throws 'em away. 
 If you had any guts today 
 You'd get your butt up and you'd walk away. 
 But you're hooked, Hooked 
 Know what I'm sayin', You're hooked, Hooked. 
 Yo, get tough was your new campaign 
 Cryin' over a girl, boy, you're insane. 
 She treats you like a dirty diaper 
 Use you one time and then she wipes you out 
 You understand what I'm sayin'? 
 If you're a man, you'll stop delaying and betraying 
 Try to act like you were mack 
 You can't go an hour without that sex attack. 
 What's wrong, boy, is it that good? 
 There's a lot of girls that ould and could 
 Take you, but you're so damn weak 
 I think you need to see professional help 
 For your problems 
 Lay on the couch and let the Dr. solve 'em 
 Talkin' to you and now he took your money 
 You're took on that honey, you're hooked 
 Hooked, Hooked 
 Fellas, you know what I'm sayin', He's hooked 
 Ain't got an ounce of mack in him, He's hooked. 
 Yeah, Baby, run you, she takes your money 
 While you'll kick back cryin' over honey 
 Now, I must admit she's fly 
 But I'll be damned if oh me oh my 
 If I ever let a girl run my thing 
 I'm poppin' it the most, You know what I'm sayin'? 
 So understand, you gotta be real hard 
 Don't treat her like a dog, But let her know. 
 You'll pull her card if she ever gets outta hand 
 What is you a boy or a man? 
 Stand up and tell BAby you ain't gonna be shook -- 
 Yo punk, you're hooked on that sssy 
 I don't know why 
 I don't stand by and just let a girl, run over me 
 Fool -- I'm a man. Can't you see boy, You're hooked. 
 Yeah -- you're hooked, Might as well give her to me man 
 Let me do the wile thing, You're hooked 
 Shoot, I'm poppin' it man, You're hooked. 
 Let me talk to you for second. So, what's up, Vanilla? 
 Yo, man. Come here man. What? 
 You know, man, you ain't doin' it right. You're off man. 
 See, you know what the problem is? 
 That ring I bought her. The diamonds weren't big enough. 
 I'm tellin' ya' -- the diamonds weren't... I'm goin'...You know 
 What she wants... I'm goin' tell ya'...No man, when I first 
 Met her she said she wanted a 'Vette. I'm gonna' get her a 
 'Vette. No man, no... a 'Vette... I'm gonna get her the 
 'Vette. No man, hey, wait up. 
 Now it's Saturday, the day you hate most. 
 Why, because from coast to coast 
 You see girls everday in the club, Cold kickin' it 
 Reminds you of Baby when you used to be, with it 
 But now she took you one time for sex and you're so sprung 
 That the next time she seen you we knew she had to leave you. 
 Boy, you're hooked. 
 Boy, you're hooked, Hooked Hooked.