I Remember way back when 
 Lookin' for the right girl to be my friend.I searched and searched but still never came up. 
 On the right one who would be mine and the only one. 
 Luck never came my way, 
 And all I ever came up with is a broken heart ya see. 
 I couldn't stand to be alone why my boys 
 Strit kick it with the bitties while I sat by the telephone. 
 Every time I hear it rang it wasn't who I want it to be. 
 It was just the same ol' thing, another day another 
 Heartache 
 No pain, no gain, just lookin' for a good thang. 
 Momma use to say don't look for love, 
 Just let it come around and surely one day it'll be found. 
 Ya see I'm kinda like 2 pac, when I get around 
 But the ICE goes down. 
 I go down, I go down, I go down baby, I go down 
 I go down, I go down baby doll, I go down 
 Step up if ya think ya out there 
 I know it's gotta be a tender 
 Who'll remember Ice somewhere. 
 That's only if you're ready for a REAL ONE 
 I need a tender and yeah I gotta FEEL ONE. 
 I wanna tease and please and do it all with ease 
 But ya gotta be right and all dat 
 There when I need ya perfect like kodak, 
 Picture perfect body like an hour glass figure. 
 Cool in tha head and I gotta dig her, 
 The type that never says no, 
 'Cause she's down to the fullest. 
 Cool like the wind blows, 
 And I ain't trying' to search and find 
 I guess it's true when they say 
 That love is blind, 
 You see I'm kinda like 2 pac, when I get around 
 But the ICE goes down 
 Now I'm on tour and got the past behind me, 
 But I need something to remind me, 
 Of the days when I played the kissing game. 
 But now things changed and no I ain't the same, 
 I made a come up, and now they run up 
 They all scream I'm the one, that wants to give the luv up. 
 But ICE ain't got no time for games 
 I need a real love, like Mary J. Blighe know what I sayin'. 
 But the odds are still against me, I'm making paper 
 And still need that one, that wants to be with me. 
 And not for the money, nor the fame, but for me 
 One who can give me that security. 
 So if you're out there this one's for you, 
 You'll be down with me, then maybe I'll be true 
 You see I'm kinda like 2 pac, when I get around 
 But the ICE goes down