Yeah... Vanillas' stand the world on a chair. Yeah! 
 Vanilla'll knock 'em down on their rear. Yeah! 
 Vanilla'll make 'em all stand up and cheer. Yeah! 
 He's the Vanilla! Break, break, break down. 
 Sparklin' like a towerin' inferno 
 You wanna' learn my songs, This ain't no journal 
 It blemished my rhyme, Because I'm drawin' the line 
 Don't celebrate too soon, 'cause I'm goin' for mine 
 Just a character in a made up cartoon 
 Like Witchel and hazel, Boy, you're pushin' a broom 
 So get a new life or come equipped with the best 
 Mark another one for Ice, let the microphone rest 
 Just listen to my groove, the beat is strong 
 And I'll rock it now, I need a microphone 
 I'm in the mood to dance, I'm in the mood to prance 
 You tried me once but now you're takin' a chance 
 Because I rock with flavor, Hard as lifesaver 
 You asked for dope, Ha... That's what I gave ya' 
 A chance to go but now you move too slow 
 My juice is pumped and I'm ready to go 
 Real good... Into a new phase, jumpin' up the airwaves 
 And now you're amazed 'cause it's hip hop that you crave 
 Because I'm hyped like an addict, there's no drug involved 
 The only thing I need is my record revolved 
 Def comin' dtrong, hard like a matador 
 I saw my style, my soul, up on the dance floor 
 I wanna' see ya' shake, shake and shiver 
 You're a charity case, and Ice is the giver 
 I'm givin' you what you want but you're dumb and naive 
 You can't cope with the dop Ice has conceived 
 Which is a dope jam, hotter than the third degree 
 You tried my style but I burn you see 
 I'm Ice and I'm cold, I'm buildin' igloos of gold 
 You wanna' bite my style, you gotta' have soul 
 'Cause a dope like this is not easy to come by 
 You don't buy it on, it comes out your HiFi 
 You think it's funy to lack but I'm a brother to Mack 
 The 808 kickin' base from a dope drum track 
 I'm the coolest of cool, kickin' cools silly fools 
 You r posse's takin' a dip and Vanilla's the pool 
 Get ready for my ritual, it's at its' peak 
 Silly punks bow down 1st the lyricist speak 
 Intruders get slayed, My pockets get paid 
 The girlie is jockin' it and just got laid 
 See I'm the press you elect, Keep the record erect 
 In effect, damn, ain't that what you expect? 
 Earthquake is on the funk, My homie's not a punk 
 Take you antique rhymes and self 'em as junk 
 You see, we won't come front' and sellin' drugs and all that shit 
 Fake caddies, mack daddies, ain't even legit 
 So, get a beeper, you're a sleeper and you need to wake up 
 So make the record transform so Carwin Vegas 
 Do it! We don't need no music 
 'Cause all we wanna' do, Is sing and dance and party down 
 I'm the best, He's the Vanilla