Crank it up, yo, and let me hear that system bump. 
 'Cause with this here I gotta get over the hump. 
 And you know what that means (that means) 
 Kickin' out funky rhymes "G" (rhymes "G") 
 I got the funky rjymes that'll please (that'll please). 
 And my jams break overseas (overseas) 
 So when I come to town be prepared to be hyped up. 
 'Cause when the mics turned on I get psyched up (psyched up) 
 The V.I.P. gets it started with intro. 
 Bustin' smooth moves on top of instrumental 
 Turn up the beats in the Jeeps louder 
 Here we go y'all - with minutes of power 
 Minutes of power 
 Minutes of power 
 When I step to the mic - bro. 
 Vanilla Ice does it right 
 And what I'm sayin' is - Yo! 
 Ya suckers frontin' what ya wantin' is for me to fade 
 Thought I was outta here fools, 
 I ain't goin' away. 
 Back with the track that will keep my bank fat. 
 HUA! Vanilla's got the flavor for the funky format. 
 An' if you're not givin' up the credit I seek - 
 VIP's in the house and they're ready to creep. 
 Now whatcha gonna do when my boys are on you? 
 You know a hard head makes for a soft shoe. 
 So turn it up for the passengers - LOUDER! 
 It's Vanilla Killa with Minutes of Power. 
 Walk through the smoke on the stage 
 And the girls scream. 
 Ice gets 'em hot, then they melt like ice cream. 
 Flowin' with the swiftness 
 Kickin' it with the quickness. 
 Fell's gettin' jealous 'cause their girlies want a quick kiss. 
 When I'm rolllin' around in my 5.0 drop top 
 Turning up the sounds, 
 'Cause I wanna bump the hip hop. 
 People gettin' mad 'cause they hear the big bass hit. 
 I turn it up more just to let cha know I won't quit. 
 Ice has got it locked down and there's no stoppin' it. 
 When I hear a track like this 
 You know that I'll be rocking it. 
 Sounds so sweet, it could never be sour 
 Here we go y'all with the 
 M... minutes of power. 
 Now's the time for the Ice to let a rhyme rip. 
 Loadin' up my lyrics with a 9 double M clip. 
 Shootin' all enemies, you're not even a friend of me 
 I ain't Spike Lee so I do the wrong thing "G." 
 So down with Luther Campbell OH NO. 
 I don't think so. 
 Travel state to state an' and the Ice man rips shows 
 Steppin' in my path an' you might get broken 
 I got it goin' on an' you know I ain't jokin'. 
 Power every hour an' the Ice keeps risin'. 
 Sellin' out arenas so don't look surprised 
 When Vanilla shows up an' the place explodes. 
 An' if ya missed it - catch the next episode! 
 Gather up your troops, 
 Rush 'em to the record store - 
 An' pick up the new LP from the Ice Man. 
 So let the funk flow louda' 
 And le me hit cha - hit cha - hit cha 
 With the, with the 
 Minutes, minutes, 
 Minutes of power...