Oh My Gosh, Oh My Gosh 
 Oh My Gosh, Oh My Gosh 
 Oh My Gosh, Oh My Gosh 
 Hey you check it I think it's time 
 To wreck it. 
 So here I go again with he stuff 
 So let's test it. 
 Cool like tha ice Vanilla here's the flava 
 Freezin' up tha mic to hit ya with 
 So you can savor. 
 No slippin' nor stonin' gettin' straight 
 To tha poinst. 
 Hit tha mad izm and light another joint 
 Tha easy like style is what I kick when 
 I'm kickin' no trippin' I'm spliffin' 
 So get a good wiff and get with tha style, 
 That I'm using no guessin' 
 So here's a quick lesson I got my Smith and Wesson 
 Listen up close and there will be no confusion 
 Now you're addicted to mentally abuse it. 
 Word to tha mutha, I'm here to tear it up, 
 And if ya can't get with it, I don't give a 
 So run and tell ya crew and tell 'em ICE is 
 Near this here is for tha people the ICE is 
 Rated lethal. 
 Here I come with tha nine in my hand, 
 It's time to wreck shop now tell me who's 
 The man. 
 Just like Ali I'm tha thriller in Manilla, 
 Tearin' stuff up like my man godzilla. 
 Makin' tha suckers drop when ya steppin' 
 To my zone comin' straight up like my man 
 Al Capone. 
 You try to cross me up I'll jump you like 
 You was a checker, 
 And like jerry Rice I'm into breakin' all records. 
 Rollin' with my crew firm up a blunt, 
 My hands on tha pump bust you on beachfront. 
 In case you forgot I'm here to remind you, 
 I'm chiller, chiller than the ice on Vanilla. 
 Word, word to tha herb as you heard, 
 I'm hittin' 3 pointers just like Larry Bird. 
 You can't touch this, welcome to tha hit list 
 Try to play me out, you catch a big fist quick. 
 Pop in ya eye, don't try to ask me why. 
 'Cause it's like that fool ya hangin' with tha ICE, 
 'Cause it's cool and like I said this here's for 
 Tha people tha ICE is rated lethal. 
 It goes a 1 to tha 2 to tha 3 to tha 4. 
 The ICE be tha leader, so open up tha door. 
 Check it out, 'cause what I'm all about is gettin' 
 Mad paid, 'cause the green is real sticky. 
 My stuff is kinda tricky, so listen up close. 
 And when ya ask tha ladies they love tha ICE 
 Tha most. 
 So open up ya car and look inside here 
 And keep ya self in line you and please don't 
 Stare. 
 'Cause cool is how I'm coolin' and there just 
 Isn't nuttin' to it. 
 Don't ask me no questions, 'cause you alrady kew. 
 Now get with tha program and listen to tha style, 
 So lend me an ear so I can get buckwild. 
 Ya girly can't resist it so chill while I kick it, 
 So bur a hootie mac so go ahead and twist it. 
 My records on tha table, I'm droppin' it on tha 
 Needle, this here is for tha people that ICE is 
 Rated lethal.