Roll 'em up, roll 'em up, roll up the hooty mac, 
 Rollem up Roll 'em up, rollem up rollem up... 
 I need some herbs and spices, 
 So I can feel nices, 
 The breeze, coolin like a summer tree. 
 'Cause it's the I-C-E and you know I got the feel it. 
 I score it, and I ain't gotta steal it. 
 So bring on the sack that's phat, 
 And Ya know 
 I love my is izm and the 1.5, 
 'Cause I get with 'em. 
 Everytime I get a little hit, of tha hummm 
 The skunk, and the funk feels good to my lungs. 
 Fire, fire, the izm is my desire, 
 And I need to get it quick, 'cause it's callin me. 
 Come and roll me up please I-C-E, 
 Now light the hooty mac, so we can start the par-ty. 
 You know I smoke good stuff, so go and get the bong, 
 Gong - diddlee bong, once again you know it's on - huh, 
 You feel it, you feel it, you want it, you want it 
 Roll it, roll it, lick it - now hit it. 
 You see every time I wake up, I got to clear my head, 
 But I clear it with my ?ess, cause it goes with my dreds. 
 And I can't stand to run out, 'cause if you do I get illy, 
 Never get silly, so pass me the philly. 
 Blunt, and no I dn't front like Zero, 
 Who wears a chronic hat but always says no, 
 But I say yes, and I get it off my chest. 
 Bring the bo, bring the skunk, and I hit the phunky ?ess, 
 Check it, you ain't gotta test it, 
 It's the mad bomb and I've already blessed it. 
 Checka 1-2, and tell me how ya do, 
 When you hear the dirty budda when the buzz comes through. 
 I ain't tryin' to front, 'cause I'm gettin' what I want. 
 Take a chunk of phunk, leave the sack in my trunk. 
 Yeah, you feel it, you feel it, you want it, you want it 
 Roll it, roll it, lick it - now hit it. 
 Roll up the hooty mac, that what I said 
 Now tell me how you feelin'. 
 Don't it feel good enough to jump and touch the ceiling. 
 It's on, It's on, I feel it comin' on. 
 It's good to the bone, cause the buzz is real strong. 
 Even though I can not stand it, but I recomment it, 
 Especially when ya sick with that cold, so spend it. 
 You know that twenty dollars that yo've saved 
 Throughout the week, 
 If you're a non smoker, then please don't try to speak. 
 The plan, the plan ya know I've got a plan, 
 Squirrels got the goods, now tell me whos the man. 
 But not really the man, that you call when you want it, 
 Ya know I stay legit, and I've got to stay up on it- 
 On and On. Yo, give me a Ho... 
 And show me what I want to do, then I'll let you know. 
 You feel it, you feel it, you want it, you want it 
 Roll it, roll it, lick it - now hit it