I'm a survivor, I've been around the block, 
 I'm a survivor. I've been around the block. 
 I'm survivor yeah... 
 Wel it's not about the industry, 
 And it's not about the things that I been through like NAS and Jay Z. 
 See I Seen alot of things on the road to destruction, addicted to this rap game standing up and busting, 
 This ain't a come back, this ain't a second coming 
 We took a real loss when John back stops strumming! 
 America's in trouble, the music is dying, they said some things about me now the rap game is lying! 
 I'm A survivor, I've been around the block, I'm a survivor, I'm coming out of the block, I'm a survivor, and yet you know I won't stop! I'm a survivor, I can't escape the block! I'm a survivor! What you got? what you got? What you got? what you got? I'm a survivor, you don't want it, you don't want it, you don't want it! 
 From sold out stages to seconds from my life, to rolling with madonna, to wrecking on my bike, there are some things I regret, and some I don't, and some I don't! 
 I went from styles of the 90's to Dickies and short toes, no matter what I'm wearing, I'm still in a hell hole, escaped suicide from that gun on my dresser, I look into my daughter's eyes that relieves the pressure! 
 I'm A survivor, I've been around the block, I'm a survivor, I'm coming out of the block, I'm a survivor, and yet you know I won't stop! I'm a survivor, I can't escape the block! I'm a survivor! What you got? what you got? What you got? what you got? I'm a survivor, you don't want it, you don't want it, you don't want it! 
 First the love you then they hate, sign you then they rape you, treat you like a sport, pump, fake you then they shake you! 
 I don't want your, 'cause I'm far from the norm, I can't take what you give I'd have made it through the storm! I want the whole world to know me straight through my songs, baby when I die, let the songs live on! 
 'Cause I'm survining, now ya know I won't stop, I'm survivng, I'm coming out of the block! 
 I'm A survivor, I've been around the block, I'm a survivor, I'm coming out of the block, I'm a survivor, and yet you know I won't stop! I'm a survivor, I can't escape the block! I'm a survivor! What you got? what you got? What you got? what you got? I'm a survivor, you don't want it, you don't want it, you don't want it!