Here it is A dope hit. 
 Iceman comin' with the dope hit. 
 'Cause a few suckers need their throats slit, 
 Jealous 'cause I went multi-platinum. 
 Now I'm gonna blast them in the head, 
 Till they're dead with my magnum lyrics. 
 Might be simplistic, but I'm no simp, 
 On the strength 'cause I know how to pimp it. 
 Now I got grip and suckers keep sinkin in my quicksand, 
 Vanilla Ice vocal hit man. 
 Got the number 3 in my crosses sittin' on the rooftoop, 
 Pop-pop-pop, 
 Pop goes the weasel was a bag fa-flop-flop. 
 The brothers didn't like your record, 
 'Cause it wasn't hip-hop-hop, 
 But this ain't a dis, 'cause you sold gold. 
 Still a made a killin' 
 'Cause it ain't even a tenth of eleven million. 
 Givin' my rhyme spice, while my DJ's on the slice, 
 Vanilla Ice is back on the map, with the wrath of 
 The Iceman. 
 Ice, Ice, Man... the wrath of the Ice Man 
 I'm the Ice, the Iceman but I'm no superhero, 
 So baby just cut that zero. 
 I'm gettin' tired of those punks gettin' jealous, 
 Trying to say that I might be another Elvis. 
 Forget that I'm Vanilla, the funky rhyme killa, 
 The dope song deala, ready to pilla cap of a wack MC 
 There's no wack in me, and big dollars is all I'm stackin' G 
 So give a boost to the volume. 
 I got the funky-funky sounds to make the cars boom, 
 So step back and give me room, as I consume the others 
 The Iceman is bringin' doom to the suckers 
 Yes, for the lovers of hip-hop. 
 And for my foes they get popped, you shouldn't step to the man 
 When I'm swingin' like Tyson. 
 Yo, punk this is the wrath of the Iceman. 
 Now I'm on everybody's hit list, so there gonna get dissed, 
 Now there on my hit list. 
 It's like that 'cause I'm the mizzak I carry my strizap, 
 To bust a kizap, don't try to jizak me, 'cause my life is 
 Like hecktic, when I made a record, now I'm gettin' 
 Hounded every second, see I'm like the one. 
 They love to hate, so I made this album much harder 
 To set the stupid critics straight, 
 And I'm still droppin' bombs, you know the rap worlds 
 A battle field in Vietnam, and I'm creepin' like a sniper. 
 Takin' out the suckers with an album that is 
 Funkier and hyper, the type of street stuff 
 I like listenin to, funky bass and breaks to make your 
 Speakers shake, earthquake breaks the richter scale 
 Check out the aftermath. 
 Yo, this the wrath of the Iceman. 
 Ice, Ice, Man... the wrath of the Ice Man