Yeah! 
 Oh this shit right here nigga 
 This thug motivation-103 
 (I'm on my way) 
 I'm a tell these niggas what I'm doing 
 I saidim sitting here chillin' with this roley on my arm 
 What I paid for this it shouldve came with an alarm 
 Yeah I'm tryna fuck baby don't be alarmed 
 I used to pay Kobe but now I pay Lebron 
 Let's go! 
 See I'm sitting here chillin' with this roley on my arm 
 What I paid for it shouldve came with an alarm 
 Yeah baby I'm tryna fuck baby don't be alarmed 
 See I used to play Kobe but now I play Lebron 
 Kobe, Lebron, Kobe, Lebron 
 Yeah I used to play Kobe until I played lebron 
 Kobe, Lebron, Kobe, Lebron 
 24, 23 y'all niggas remember me 
 Y'all niggas remember who? 
 Summer of 02' 
 Came doing that white thang 
 They ain't know what to do 
 They ain't know what to think 
 I ain't know how to feel 
 And I ain't even have a deal then dog let's keep it real 
 And whilevwe at it nigga let's just keep it trill 
 Still the realest nigga in it homie how you feel? 
 I said I'm feeling like a million bucks 
 Make me go to Footlocker and buy about a million chucks 
 (Damn) Uh Oh! They say the club is off the chain 
 I'm on my louie shit fuck some gucci mane 
 These niggas still on my dick 
 They like some groupies mane 
 Can't keep they lips closed 
 They worse than coochies mane 
 And that fruity lookin' stupid like some coogi mane 
 Let you trick me out these streets 
 You must be stupid mane 
 Tell 'em this ain't what he want not the boy snow 
 But between me and you I think the boy slow (ha ha) 
 Y'all niggas remember that money before rap 
 Niggas round my way call me Mr. Penny and a Sac 
 Them Boyz N Da Hood they call a nigga Mr. Bring It Back 
 Mr. Go and Get It anywhere you know I keep a map (Yeah) 
 They say it's going down tonight I hope I make it back 
 He say he reeing up now you know I'm loving that 
 She say it's going down tonight you know I'm fucking that 
 And ain't no shit and? Me you know I'm fucking strapped 
 Uh Oh! They say the club is off the chain 
 Straight shots to the head fuck some juice mane 
 Ask the real niggas in the city who got the juice mane 
 These niggas talking bout they work but where they proof mane 
 Y'all know these niggas clowns and I'm the truth mane 
 If this is what your going for then what's the use mane 
 Tell 'em this ain't what they want not the boy snow 
 But between me and you I think them boys slow 
 Y'all niggas remember when I used to get it in 
 V.P. West End 
 Pull up with a light tent 
 Fall up in the spot 
 Blow about a light 10 [x2] 
 All that I'm light skinned (ha ha) 
 Couple hundred karrots and all that's on my skin 
 You niggas get the picture of what I've written den 
 Pardon me (why) Feds takin' snap shots 
 Ain't been there 30 minutes spent the half block (damn) 
 Uh Oh! The club is still off the chain 
 Don't stop there where the after party mane 
 Jizzle who you tryna invite mane 
 Everybody mane 
 This is my summer and I'm killing everybody mane 
 So I'm a be out in every hood 
 Hollering at everybody 
 And I'm a be in every spot nigga and every party 
 See this is what they want yeah that boy snow 
 But between me and you I think them hoes slow (ha ha)