One of the realest niggaz that ever messed with these niggaz mane (told these niggaz mane) 
 Y'all gon miss me wen I'm gone nigga 
 CT in the buildin nigga (yuh) 
 Slick Pulla what's good nigga? (ya'knamsayin) 
 Homeboy representin' (huy) 
 Bloy Ride what's good nigga? 
 USDA... (you wanna feel this nigga pay attention) 
 Aim for the sky (sky) that's all I can tell ya (yup) 
 Roll the purple up an get high like delta (aye) 
 I'm in my own world, way up in the clouds (clouds) 
 Gangta pardice no haters allowed (gangsta greazy) 
 Hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on drum 
 I don't think these niggaz heard my big hung there nigga 
 Play that shit back in the re-bup nigga 
 These CTE USDA the voice box of the block 
 Aim for the sky (sky) that's all I can tell ya (yup) 
 Roll the purple up an get high like delta (aye) 
 I'm in my own world, way up in the clouds (clouds) 
 Gangsta pardice no haters allowed (gangsta greazy) 
 It all happened so fast 
 Take time think... pinch myself take time to blink (aye) 
 So what do ya do wen the whole world loves ya? (loves ya) 
 The hustlers an the gangstas put nuttin above ya? (chea) 
 Love is love, ya just can't fake it (uh uh) 
 These niggaz really happy to see one of us make it 
 Don't talk much, do a whole lotta thinkin' 
 My nerves still bad do a whole lotta drinkin' (deeam) 
 Hot summer nights wake up ina cold sweat (sweat) 
 Gave my partner ten he ain't come yet (nope) 
 Still I ride big boy coupes threw traffic 
 Can get 20 years for what I got in this plastic (ha ha) 
 An it don't stop there look at my passengers seat (aye) 
 Can getta another 10 for just packin the heat (deeam) 
 'Cause now a days man, these niggaz'll kill ya 
 Think ya heart like concret these niggaz'll drill ya (whaa?) 
 It ain't a crime until ya get caught (caught) 
 Just thought I'd take a minute to bless ya with my thoughts (ya know) 
 Money is a terrible thing to waste 
 That's why ya stack it to the ceilin' hide it all in ya safe (whoo) 
 I'm so complex I gotta beautiful mind 
 I'm such a hustler, I gotta beautiful grind (I know) 
 An I can take ya niggaz back to the gentlemen's club 
 You can catch me upstairs I'm such a gentlemen's thug 
 Get off my dick that's what you need to do (need to do) 
 O.G. an Shuga cain't vouch for you (ha ha) 
 In '98 I had the GS-Fo (wha?) 
 Get my Busta Rhymes on, nigga gimme sum mo' 
 You niggaz just rap about it, I was livin' it 
 Take ya back wen timbo an Davinem (?) was gettin' it 
 Cook it on the stove not the microwave 
 Back wen niggaz rolled around an asked fingawaves (?) 
 Cain't forget them Edward J mixtapes 
 Wen niggaz wit them machanics veiled just to get straight 
 See these rap niggaz wouldn't know nuttin 'bout that (nah) 
 Like a V.H.S., just around the back (deeam) 
 I risk my life just to talk like this (yup) 
 An this the mutherfuckin thanks I get? 
 I swear I ride threw the city in a two-seater (yuh!) 
 Fo-Five on my hip, black beater 
 All I need is one mike, or a half a brick 
 Gimme a, half an hour I be on sum shit (yeah) 
 Trap stay boomin' yeah we breeze threw the packs (packs) 
 This rap shit easy I just breeze threw the tracks 
 Wen ya, hot ya hot, wen ya not ya not (not ya not) 
 Prolly why them white boys keep rushin' the spot (yuh) 
 An urrbody tellin' me how nice I am, (oh you're so) but I'mma real street nigga so ain't givin' a damn (uh uh) 
 A day in the life just anutha episode 
 I'm in the streets like them lions in the middle a the road (aye) 
 New lambo got the feds all curious (curious) 
 So you can stop watchin' me I take this rap shit serious (yuh) 
 So whynot stay in the studio for hours 
 Wen you can make same pay as you do wit powder (yuh) 
 Shot towns lovin' me, L.A.'s feelin' me 
 This clown keep talkin' lil' nigga ya killin' me (ha ha) 
 Or betta yet ya killin' yaself (yup) 
 Fuckin' wit the big boys could be bad for ya health 
 I take shit personal I'm so sincere 
 The lil' nigga chunk hit me so I took taked his career (ha ha) 
 Catch me cruisin threw the city in sum'n 'bout a buck fity (neeermm) 
 Top down, iced out, won't any nigga fuck wit me 
 An I was shinin' like that before my album dropped 
 An that was right around the time that yo album flopped