Young Jeezy: 
 Waz Up You Gotta Man?! Who Da Fuck Is Dat?? You Don't Know Who I Is?? Oh Yeah Well He Ain't Got Shit On Me! Ha Ha YOUNG! 
 Ya Nigga Ain'y Seein Me I Put That On Everythang Put That On Everythang Put Day On Everythang X 4 
 (Young Jeezy) 
 I'm Going Out The Same Way I Came In Harder Than A Motherfucker real Street nigga I ain't nothin' like these other suckas naw I mr. Club coaster I might buy this moutherfucker have these feds parked outside right outside this motherfucker you know the name bitch hotter than fish grease gotta a hundread gotta hundread movers that was this week she want me to get tha room man this bitch cheap what but she really roll the weed good and she a big freak yeah we owe 75 and her hands down my 87's doche canvona belt you know the mach elevens first name goach last name ends fix your mouth fix your face you might get a Benz! 
 Ya Nigga Ain'y Seein Me I Put That On Everythang Put That On Everythang Put Day On Everythang X 4 
 (Lil Boosie) 
 I Put That On Everythang Boosie Bad Azz! Put That On Momma My Daddy and everythang I love for everythang I rap my gansters in the trap you can't see me when with a magnifying glass two hundread on the dash trys some gangs I bust your ass nigga whole clique iphones nigga get your shine on use to whip it up and zip it up now it's the microphone no man alive can stop my I'm a hustler mane I want it bad cause bad azz come from nothin' mane shinin on em' grindin on em' y'all know what I'm talkin' bout' if I show yo bitch my house she gone take my dick and floss show after show I'm gettin' dope hundread g's at a time I'm MJ around my way and louisiana is mine NIGGA! 
 Ya Nigga Ain'y Seein Me I Put That On Everythang Put That On Everythang Put Day On Everythang X 4 
 (Anthony Hamiton) 
 Before You Report I'm A Man About His Biznus draw the line rydin' where the family is never cross it big bossin' it nothin' now until I can solve it other dudes they can sue but they'll clown you I neal down on the real and I'll prey with you never walk to much I make you for us believe me I'll stay with my word! 
 (Young Jeezy) 
 Yeah what's happenin' oh okay haha one thing about it I know that means you 'bout it ya nigga ain't seein me waz up 
 (Anthony Hamilton) 
 Put that on everythang every thang every thang x3