(Young Jeezy) 
 Guess who's bizzack (Back) 
 Still smell the blow in my clothes 
 Like Krispy Kreme, I was cookin them O's (Cookin them O's) 
 Like Horse shoes, I was tossin them O's 
 Time to re-up gotta recycle the flow (Cycle the flow) 
 I'm emotional (I hug the block) 
 Aye, I'm so emotional (I love my glock) 
 Cash rules everything around me, so what's realer? 
 'Bout the skrilla, call me a ghostface killa (Yep) 
 It's kinda hard to be drug-free 
 When Georgia Power won't give a nigga lights free 
 Switch hustle, been killin' 'em ever since (Since) 
 It pays to tell the truth dawg, it only makes sense 
 When they play a new Jeezy all the dope boys go crazy (Chea!) 
 And watch the dope boys go crazy! 
 I pop my collar then I swing my chain 
 You can catch me in the club, pimpin' doin' my thang (Aye...) 
 When they play a new Jeezy all the dope boys go crazy 
 And watch the dope boys go crazy! 
 You pop ya collar then you swing ya chain 
 For all the gangstas in the street that be doin' they thang, Aye! 
 (Jay-Z) 
 Uh, more than a hustla I'm the definition of it 
 Master chef, Lord of the kitchen cupboard 
 More than a street legend, homey it's hova 
 More than a relief pitcher, I'm the closer 
 The Mariano of the Mariott, ah 
 If money talks, the whole world's bout to hear me out 
 See I'm a hustla's hope, I'm not his pipe dreams 
 So when they speak of success, I'm what they might mean 
 Attract money my worst color is light green 
 My favorite hue is Jay-Z blue 
 Don't follow me youngin, follow my moves, I'm not a role model 
 A bad influence got the world drinkin' gold bottles 
 When Puff was in that tuff spillin Mo' 
 I was at my video, Cris' on the speedboat 
 In my lifetime nigga, go through your research 
 Same timers my nigga, that was me first 
 Chrome shoe'd the GS, I came feet first 
 In the game like a baby boo on the reach birth 
 I got the keys if you need work 
 I can Kingpin you a line, the diamond of time, uh! 
 My niggaz love it when I talk like this 
 My corporate people start buggin 'cause I talk like this 
 The corporate thugs is like, "Nah Hov" Talk that shit 
 The dope boys go crazy when they hear that boy Jay-Z 
 (Fat Joe) 
 Whattup Jeez? 
 Cracks... life, what's the matta wit yo head? 
 Cracks... life, all you niggaz gon end up dead 
 Cracks... life, everybody servin' rat till he ride 
 Everybody think they somebody, till somebody end up shot 
 Listen, I'm in that GT, Choppa on the passenger side 
 No skeets skeets, choppa on the passenger side 
 They said Trap or Die but said fuck it 
 Damn near half my life I been a suspect 
 Feds low in them Coupe Devilles 
 So I keep one eye open like Bushwick Bill 
 They said my mind's playin' tricks on me (Damn right) 
 So I let off a half a clip on em' 
 Ain't no witnesses tellin' the story (Hell naw...) 
 Then my bitch spent all of the bail money (And then what?) 
 I don gave 'em my pimp cup for a gangsta hat 
 Traded my gangsta hat for some gangsta raps 
 Only to find out that no gangsta's rap 
 Half of these niggaz is pussy, ain't never served crack (Crack, crack, crack, crack) 
 It's like a damn nightmare 
 Just when you thought I was gone, I reappear 
 On some chopped up, screwed shit, poppi got his swagga back 
 Hot sick, clue shit, bought a brick of half of rap 
 In that 'cedes when it's said and done 
 Yeah poppi kinda crazy, squeeze the pound for fun (Nigga!) 
 (Young Jeezy) 
 Won't stop till my whole team in thug mansions (Chea) 
 And I say I like Pac, now that's a thug's passion (Ha ha!) 
 And this the realist shit I ever wrote 
 And all eyes on me, like a microscope 
 Young Jeezy give 'em one more chance 
 Tried to shine like you, and spent his whole advance (Aye...) 
 Like my main man Pulla, talk real slick 
 Look I'm ok, but my watch sick 
 Yean gotta like a nigga, just respect my mind 
 And this how I'm eatin now, so respect my grind (Spect my grind) 
 The way I put them words together 
 'Minds me How I used to put them birds together 
 (Young Jeezy) 
 Buy 18 the hard way (Let's get it!) 
 Have a humble nigga thinkin' about gun play (Chea) 
 Now who the fuck wanna play wit guns? 
 Alotta holes, alotta blood dawg, the shit ain't fun (Nope) 
 So I suggest you don't play wit my chains 
 I'll send these hollows atcha, let 'em play wit ya brain (That's right...) 
 These streets is watchin, The name is warm 
 The product's white, A star is born (Yeah...) 
 Pimpin' I'm so fly, If I take this parachute off, I might fall and die (Damn...) 
 Wrap the work like spandex wit the latex (Chea) 
 Then we ship it out of town, call it safe sex (Aye...)