"I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
 Got introduced to the game, to the game then fuckin' blew up." 
 "I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
 Got introduced to the game, to the game then fuckin' blew up." 
 "I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
 Got introduced to the game, to the game then fuckin' blew up." 
 "I grew up a fuckin' screw-up 
 Got introduced to the game, to the game then fuckin' blew up." 
 Whether gettin' money legally or illegally 
 We gotta do what we gotta do to survive man! 
 Yeah! Grew up a screw up, baby 
 Got introduced to the game 
 I ain't took a breath yet 
 Let's go! 
 (Ludacris) 
 Ever since I was an embryo, waitin' to shape up and ship out 
 Somethin' in my brain said, "Wake up and kick out!" 
 Roberta and Wayne stayed up and flipped out 
 'Cause when I came, I was draped up and dripped out 
 Snip the umbilical, spit the government chip out 
 Peace out, A-Town gone and then I dipped out 
 And, oh my gosh, the Osh Kosh was picked out 
 I slipped in, even my baby stroller was tricked out 
 Somebody get him, the lil' nigga's out of control 
 Put a lil' bit of rum in my bottle; I'll dream about diamonds and gold 
 Gold, gold, to grow from an infant to toddler was effervescent 
 The essence of adolescence got my body feelin' fresh'n 
 Fresh'n, fresh'n, and it was a blessin' to rhyme and start reppin' 
 I was the best in my section with flows harder than erections 
 Still the best, but now I'm grown with more range than a tec's 
 And I'm a heavyweight; you niggaz is lighter than my complexion 
 (Young Jeezy) 
 Hey 
 Y'all already know what it is 
 I'm a tell you, nigga 
 C.T., know what it is, 'bout 17-5 
 Homey fronted me a sip, shit, I made it a bird 
 That's seventeen and a half, all I need is the word 
 Say, the ice is cool but them pots is hot 
 You better cook slow but that money come fast 
 I got what you need; I hope you brought all the cash 
 You know the kid pimpin' all over the world 
 A hundred carats got me all over your girl 
 Yeah, five freaks and my Gucci duffle bag 
 A corporate thug; I run with a Playaz Circle 
 I got a Field Mob that'll disturb your peace 
 Blowin' Sean Jay, all we do is smoke 
 Finish countin' my bread, and I was gettin' some head 
 Whassup? 
 (Ludacris) 
 I'm a be all the way real with this, look 
 When I came into the game, they ain't do nothin' but doubt me 
 Now the whole game's changed and it ain't nothin' without me 
 Pickin' up my sloppy seconds as they reach for the crown 
 Only reason you on that song is 'cause I turned that down 
 I went from Hot Wheels to big wheels, Hyundais to Bentleys 
 And five course meals, no more Popeye's and Blimpie's 
 From all right to handsome, from one room to mansions 
 From hangin' on the block to throwin' parties in the Hamptons 
 From broke as a joke to rich as a bitch, I bought a 
 Plane and a boat and six other whips, no Marta 
 From dice on the curb to stackin' up chips, but harder 
 From birds on my nerves to chicks on my dick! 
 Guard your women, dog 
 I went from ashy to classy 
 Went from a kiss on the cheek to doin' the nasty 
 Reach your hand up in the air, and you can play with the stars 
 It's not the hand that you're dealt, but how you're playin' your cards, boy!