I need some weed now 
 Somebody call the weed man 
 I'm tryna get high 
 (Young Jeezy) 
 Woke up in the fits [?], damn sun in my face 
 Racks on my jeans, gun still on my waist 
 And I ain't leaving shit in my cup, that's such a waste 
 You know I'm sipping on that straight like that "oh, what a a taste!" 
 Tip the valet 100 dollars to stunt 
 Pulled up in that mean machine, leave it up front 
 This passed out thing beside me, I barely know her 
 But you can just imagine the shit I'm 'bout to show her 
 Snow way, them streets too cold 
 Expectations out of this world, I'm thinking solar 
 That's why I do it for that Kalamazoo 
 And then NOLA, cause that's what happens 
 When you learn to mix it with that soda 
 I need some weed now 
 Somebody call the weed man 
 I'm tryna get high 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 I wake up just to bake up, get my cake up and rise up 
 Motivating factors that I'm liver than most 
 I boast and bang, pour some pain in that thing 
 Put some purple rain on your brain, unravel the flame 
 Maintain my fame, get you new pictures 
 Just to put in your frame 
 We in the hood blowing kush with The Game 
 Foot in the cane, walking just like I'm an Indian chief 
 With no beef, real brief, with a wreath 
 You may think it's a leaf! 
 With the residue stuck deep down in your teeth 
 When you smoking with the dogg, shit, you might not eat! 
 It's ok, 'cause we lay, in the cut, on the hill, on the dip 
 With a fit on Crip, don't trip 
 I need some weed now 
 Somebody call the weed man 
 I'm tryna get high 
 (Devin The Dude) 
 The coffee that I had, it was good to the last drop 
 But now I'm fresh out and you know it don't... stop 
 So please man, somebody call the weed man 
 I'd call mine, but he's been low on herb even 
 I'm fiending, daydreaming of the times when I had 
 Much mota, many different kinds in the bag 
 I fell hard for the funk, I can't fake the love 
 I smoke dro, good Reggie, smoke shake to nugs 
 If it's weed, then I'm with it 
 You got a paper? Then twist it? Got a bowl? Fill it? 
 Got a blunt? 
 Let me split it down the gut 
 But shit for what? Cause ain't no green on the scene 
 Man, what the fuck? 
 I need some weed now 
 Somebody call the weed man 
 I'm tryna get high