(Gyeah!... Aye! 
 Y'all already know what time it is, nigga... Aye! 
 Gyeah!... I'm in the streets err'night nigga, I'm in the club err'night nigga 
 I don't see these fuccniggas mayn, these niggas talkin' on records mayne 
 I don't argue with niggas on records, I told you fuccboi - you know what it 
 Is with me nigga! 
 You niggas "Protein Gangstas" mayne, know what I'm sayin'. 
 Always said you gon' sign yaself or kill yaself nigga 
 Well you just committed suicide bitch, I'm a let you know that too! 
 Aye, let's get it! 
 Snowman bitch, 19.5 apeice (Gyeah!) 
 So when you take 'em out the wrap, they as white as your teeth (Daaamn) 
 Keep choppas on decc, stay ready fa beef 
 Lil' nigga scared shitless, he can't even sleep (Hahaa...) 
 And you already know what them K's will do 
 I'll have them pussy nigga scared to stand next to you! (Gyeah!) 
 Niggas talkin' all tough, steady hidin' and shit 
 Even his own mama know, Radric Davis a bitch! (Yeah) 
 To be honest nigga - there's nothin' Gucci about chu (Whudd!) 
 You pussy, nigga everythin's COOCHIE about chu (That's riiight!) 
 See straight through you nigga, you's a plastic rapper (Aye!) 
 Nigga all on my dicc, where's the magnum wrapper? (Hahaa...) 
 Murdered 'em on "Black Tee", killed 'em on "Icey" (Yuh!) 
 Nigga my biggest fan, don't he sound just like me? 
 Gassed ya ass up, yeah they played you nigga 
 So I'm a take ya bacc apart, 'cause I made you nigga 
 HB bought your car, HB bought your chain 
 Left him and then that fat nigga did the same thang (Yuh!) 
 No loyalty - jumped clique to clique 
 He's a rappin' prostitue - he jumped dicc to dicc! 
 "I'm so Iceey", and you not icey at all (Aye!) 
 Ya jewelry look like it came outta middle of the mall 
 This is eskimo shit, lil' nigga you's a SNOWCONE (Daaamn) 
 You're in over ya head, poccetbook boi go home 
 Twelve carats two stones, a hundred thousand a set (Aye!) 
 My muthafuccin' ears ain't forgave me yet 
 That old-ass Rolex, you're six years behind me (Aye!) 
 I got the streets drunk and six beers behind me (Woo) 
 When you was dreamin' bout bread nigga, I had the money (Gyeah!) 
 Signed your whole life away for Dodge Magnum money (Aye!) 
 Still got 92, 93, 94 money! 
 You rappin' ass nigga, you juss gettin' show money (Aye!) 
 King of Decatur? I thought you was from Birmingham 
 Shouldn't've asked for it, if you know you ain't have it man 
 I got a family in the 'Ville, and it's Crip in the Mac-Town (West Ssside!) 
 Nigga you ain't heard? - I'm the man in the A-Town 
 It's some "Boyz N Ya Hood" do anythin' fa Jeezy 
 So if I want ya lil' ass touched - you dumb, believe me! 
 (I stay strapped, stay strapped) 
 Pussy nigga try to play me, I'm a buss his muthafuccin' head on GP 
 (I stay strapped, stray strapped) 
 Let a nigga run up on me - keep a carbon 1.5, and them choppas with me 
 (I stay strapped, stay strapped) 
 Pussy nigga tryin' to play, I'm a buss his muthafuccin' head on GP 
 (I stay strapped, stay strapped) 
 Let a nigga run up on me - keep a carbon 1.5, and them choppas with me 
 spoken: 
 1 thang about it, 2 thangs for sure, 3 thangs for certain man... ( 
 For certain, nigga! 
 ) We know you a bitch ass nigga, nigga... We know you's a ho', nigga! Y'all take that nigga bacc to Central Stadium, nigga gone crazy. Bitch ass nigga talkin' all tough, hidin' and shit nigga. We know you's a fuccboi! We know you gay, nigga! Get on the ace and pills and jump in the shower wit'cha homeboys -- What'chu think, I ain't know, nigga? ( 
 DAMN! 
 ) Yeah, I know all about that, nigga! ( 
 Damn... 
 ) I know how HB had to buy ya bitch ass drawers nigga, 'cause you couldn't afford 'em, nigga! Went around talkin' you "Icy" and shit now that you done got with some fuccniggas, and you tough now, nigga - I know you a bitch, nigga! Just like I'll slap ya bitch ass like them niggas did in Jazzy T's! ( 
 Hahaaa... 
 ) You bitch ass nigga! Fuccnigga wearin' jheri curls in his sophomore year, nigga. You's a hoe, nigga! we know about you, nigga... What, you mad 'cause I shine in your video, fuccboi? You couldn't take it no more, nigga? You can't assassinate my character, nigga; I ain't actin'! ( 
 Hahaa... 
 ) Nigga that ain't a real Jacob you wearin' either, you fuccazz nigga: Jacob said he DID NOT make that watch! And you need to get that off, real talk nigga! I'm a show you what my G like, what my Crippin' like nigga! Any nigga claimin' what I claim, that nigga come to my city or town, nigga, handle that nigga, nigga hidin' from me, dogg. Nigga talkin' all tough, nigga runnin' and hidin and shit, nigga! Real talk nigga, and I want that muthafuccin' bullshit-ass "Icy" chain ( 
 I want that chain! 
 ) 'cause you need to take that monkey shit off --- You embarassin' us, nigga! Matter of fact, real talk nigga, I got a bounty on that shit, nigga - ten staccs! You know Jeezy ain't fake, nigga! I know that shit ain't worth that much, nigga, but I'm a turn it bacc in, nigga, 'cause da nigga is embarassin' us, cuhzz. So if he come to your town and you happen to snatch that muthafucca off his necc or knocc that muthafucca off his necc, when I come to town, shoot it to me -- I'ma shoot you the ten staccs, man, so I can cremate that muthafucca! ( 
 Cremate that muthafucca! 
 ) Know what I'm sayin'? That shit bullshit, nigga, real talk, nigga! All that rich shit nigga, you better stop that, nigga,'fore I take my tennis shoe money and buy out ya contract, fuccboi! Know what I'm talkin' bout? Real talk nigga; my TENNIS SHOE, like I said, fuccnigga! So anytime you wanna see me in the streets like a man while you doin' all this poppin' on these records, nigga... come see me nigga, 'cause you know what it is, nigga! ( 
 You know what it is! 
 ) I'll beat cha muthafuccin' ass nigga, that's on err'thang! And if any one of you fuccniggaz even act like you wanna pull some steel nigga - let's get to it! C.T.E. nigga, fucc ya record label, company and ya crew, nigga! See me in the street, nigga! I'm in the club err'night, nigga! Still poppin' bottles doin' my one-two thang, nigga! Huh, WHAT'S CRACCIN', NIGGA?! Huh, GET AT ME NIGGA! Y'all niggas ain't talkin' bout shit! Y'all keep cancellin' all ya shows, you makin' it hard for us to get at you, man! We comin' to export you --- I mean, EXTORT YOU. My bad! Bitch ass nigga, fucc I look like? I'm grown, nigga! And like I said before, fuccnigga... It's still 4th Ward, bitch! Free Slicc Pulla, nigga!