(Feat. Trey Songz) 
 Clear... 
 Yeah... 
 Ahaha... 
 Yeah it's official 
 Yeah... yeah yeah... 
 Hey Ziggy I told them neggaz (oh Yah) 
 They wouldn't believe me tho 
 I do this shit tho 
 (Verse 1: Young Jeezy) 
 It's 3:45 She pulled up to my house 
 Grabbed my strap, Got the door 
 With a blunt in my mouth (haha) 
 Say I'm 'bout to put the smack down 
 You know I'll put the smack down 
 And [? ] put the smack down 
 She Park in the background 
 Look at me I'm standing tall 
 She knows how to keep it up 
 We just left the club 
 So you know we both drunk as fuck 
 30 min in... secound wind 
 Call it cardioooooooo 
 I go up and down round and round SUPER MARIO! 
 Oh wee oh wee she busting like a uzzy 
 I'm riding that Zazuki 
 She Wetting Such a Couzy 
 Call it in... Coat 10 
 Get ready for the water Floowwwww 
 Number 16 Terr it up 
 (Chorus: Trey Songz) 
 What can I say (I ain't lying) 
 Ain't no easy way to say this (yah...) 
 And I don't know if you can handel it (I don't know if you can handel It) 
 But I'm thinking about taking it (taking it there) 
 Cause that's the only way you ain't gett it (and youu...) 
 You lay around with them Boyz up town (Laying around) 
 And I've been thinking about it all day long (all day long shawtii) 
 And that two think I can't handel it (but her...) 
 But I'm think I might end up taking it... 
 (Verse 2: Young Jeezy) 
 I'm thinking about it, then by receiving... 
 She can get it right back up, just give her a reason 
 Any given season Winter, spring, Summer, Fall... 
 I came to see the show baby gon and make the water fall 
 She know I'm the one to call when she want that good shit 
 She know I'm the one to call when she wants the hood shit 
 Baby looking all good about to meet her all hood 
 Jump her in the call yah you know the handle all wood 
 I stepped up in the spot (spot) Yah Smelling like a pound 
 Yah you know I'm taking nam-... Yee ain't got to take 'em down 
 Yee ain't got to take 'em off for meh... Over a? gresident? 
 About to be an accident Just call for? Gressem? 
 (Chorus: Trey Songz) 
 What can I say (I ain't lying) 
 Ain't no easy way to say this (yah...) 
 And I don't know if you can handel it (I don't know if you can handel It) 
 But I'm thinking about taking it (taking it there) 
 Cause that's the only way you ain't gett it (and youu...) 
 You lay around with them Boyz up town (Laying around) 
 And I've been thinking about it all day long (all day long shawtii) 
 And that two think I can't handel it (but her...) 
 But I'm think I might end up taking it... 
 (Verse 3: Young Jeezy) 
 I don't know if you can handle this... Know if you can handle meh 
 First I'm gonna star right here where your man shud be 
 I don't know if you can handle this... Know if you can handle Young 
 If yee ain't never had a real Negga, Better get you one 
 Come through on some thug shitt (thug shitt) 
 Gotta respect shit 
 Yah I come through on some thug shitt (thug shitt) 
 Gotta Accept it 
 She know that I'm never shy most time we Probly high 
 Kid licked the kitty catt Yah gon need an Alliby 
 (Chorus: Trey Songz) 
 What can I say (I ain't lying) 
 Ain't no easy way to say this (ain't no easy way to Tell you this) 
 And I don't know if you can handel it (I don't know if you can handel It) 
 But I'm thinking about taking it (taking it there) 
 Cause that's the only way you ain't gett it (and youu...) 
 You lay around with them Boyz up town (Laying around) 
 And I've been thinking about it all day long (Oh...) 
 And that two think I can't handel it (oh... but her...) 
 But I'm think I might end up taking it... 
 There... there there there there Take... Ing... It... 
 There... there there there there... Ah 
 (Fading/Repeat) 
 And How you doing Jeezy... [x3]