Like the person needs his soul "uh huh, jeah"? 
 Fight the will "ay"? to need his own "ay, ay, ay"? 
 "Just talk to 'em for a minute, ay just talk to 'em for a minute"? 
 Like the baby "ay"? needs to cry "uh huh jeah"? 
 If you go "ay" I swear "jeah"? ill die "ay, ay, ay"? 
 How the fuck I'm free out here and you locked in there 
 Your whole family acts like I ont care 
 They don't know about the nights I just lay in my bed 
 I can't even sleep I just lay in my bed 
 Eyes full of tears and a heart full of pain 
 Take deep breathes every time I hear your name 
 You was more than family you was like my brother 
 So when the shit went down it's like I lost my brother "ay"? 
 And I wish we could trade places 
 Swear to GOD dawg wish we could trade places 
 Livin' a life of crime, but it wasn't your life it was more like mine 
 I often think about the close calls we had 
 And I often think about the close brawls we had 
 And I love my nigga what you know bout that 
 And ill do anything to get golmouf back talk to em 
 Like the person needs his soul 
 Fight the will to need his own 
 "Make 'em understand, ay, please, make 'em understand" 
 Like the baby "please, look, ay"? 
 Needs to cry "make 'em understand, ay, ay, ay"? 
 If you go I swear ill die 
 "Make 'em understand, jeah, ay, talk to 'em ay, ay, ay"? 
 Mel man you my heart I swear to god "swear to god"? 
 Knew you was real man I saw it from the start "from the start"? 
 Even when I was wrong my nigga had my back "yeah"? 
 Even when I was right my nigga had my back "damn right"? 
 We used to laugh wouldn't shit funny "naw"? 
 Late night at my grandma house counting money 
 I trust you with my life dawg if I was married id trust you with my wife dawg 
 Any given time a half a mill in your possession 
 You ain't called in two days man I still wasn't stressing "naw: 
 'Cause when I talk my nigga listen "listened"? 
 Switch shit you used to help me with them pigeons 
 "Earnest"? Earnest T. wont talk to me dawg and it hurts "it hurts"? 
 She treats a nigga like I'm the scum of the life "scum of the earth"? 
 In your eyes I couldn't do no wrong "naw"? so to you I dedicate this song "talk to em"? 
 Like the person "ay"? needs his soul "ay"? 
 Fight the will "talk to 'em for me my nigga"? to need his own 
 "Gotta feel me on this one, jeah, ay, talk to 'em in tongues nigga, 
 Do it make these niggas understand"? 
 Like the baby "ay"? needs to "I love you Mat Lou"? 
 Cry "uh huh, talk to em"? 
 If you go "I ont think they understand me my nigga"? 
 I swear ill die "jeah, talk to em, ay, ay, ay"? 
 Must've bust ten rounds through the strap in your lap 
 Knew I was a gangsta I wasn't going for that 
 Pussy nigga in my yard talkin' shit 
 Know'in damn well I was on some G shit 
 Let the whole clip ride and didn't think 
 Let the whole clip ride and didn't blink 
 You told me kindly not to bring the white in your house 
 And then what I do bring the white in the house 
 Bricks in the addict and yean know 
 Your grandson killin' 'em he getting 24 
 Feds at the door I'm out of town 
 Yean tell 'em shit, you held me down 
 Now a-days I rock the mic I'm getting paid for that 
 And all the shit I been through I'm getting paid for that 
 Always said I would make, wish you could see me now 
 But if I tried to tell her she probably wouldn't believe me now 
 Love you mat lou!