(Feat. Lloyd and Slick Pulla) 
 (Girl) Jeezy?.. 
 (Jeezy) What up 
 (Girl) Where you at? 
 (Jeezy) Shit I'm in the hood where you think I'm at man you know, shit... 
 (Girl) Still commin' over? 
 (Jeezy) Ay man, what I tell you earlier man, I'll be through there man 
 (Girl) MMmm, I've been watin for you since you left me... 
 (Jeezy) Sss, that's how you feel? 
 (Girl) (giggles), Yeah... 
 (Chorus - Lloyd) 
 Red dawgs at my trap got me 4 a half a stone 
 See I'm trappin' all day, can't wait to get home (I'ma tear dat pussy up) 
 She laid up in the bed she ain't got no panties on 
 So as I hit the do' she already know it's on (I'ma tear dat pussy up) 
 Two logs two shots of Patron 
 Grey Goose got me loose tripple stack in my lungs (I'ma tear dat pussy up) 
 Stand up at the trunk gettin' my grown man own 
 Get up in them guts, you know it's on till the morning (I'ma tear dat pussy up) 
 (Verse 1- Young Jeezy) 
 Got one baby mama, no bitch, no wife 
 Like pac, ya need a thug in your life (yeah...) 
 A young nigga to straight come through and beat it up 
 Let yo man be the freak, he can eat it up (ha ha) 
 Shorty got that fire she ain't let me down yet (nope) 
 Got a Aquafina flow, call it wet wet (damnn) 
 Baby good with her mouth, says the right things 
 Got a head on her shoulders, she does the right things (ha ha) 
 She a bad bitch, y'all ready know 
 Face like Trina, and an ass like Jacki-o (oh) 
 Got a gangsta on a mission (mission) 
 Best believe I know all the right positions (that's right..) 
 She like it slow from the front, fast from the back (back) 
 Put the pound game on her, hit her from the back (Yeah) 
 I'm young and thuggin', I don't give a fuck 
 He can make love to you, I'ma beat it up... 
 (Verse 2- Young Jeezy) 
 Me and shawty in the coop, Lord knows she's a star (star) 
 For some strange reason she likes to do it in the car (damnn) 
 She ain't the type that be runnin' her mouth (nope) 
 So I keep it gangsta with her, let her come to the house (hey) 
 Let her play matter wit slick, when we in the bedroom she like to play with the stick (yeah...) 
 I know just how to handle her (how...) 
 No amateur baby, I got stamina (yeah) 
 Jeezy in the deck, now she grindin' to the beat (beat) 
 Legs vibratin, now she messin' up my sheets (ha ha) 
 Got a fistful of hair, and a fistful of ass (ass) 
 She came first, I came last, roll the grass...(hey) 
 (Verse 3- Slick Pulla) 
 We pull bad hoes, rip them, push them to the side 
 'Cause real players, keep reserves when its clutch time 
 Matter fact, my bottom bitch love to ride pine 
 She know when daddy leave the block, that its cut time 
 I'm in the trenches, gettin' riches wit my comrades 
 We fold hoes up, like slacks in the player path 
 Pretty skin, silky hair, plus that ass fat (uh huh) 
 Fresh kicks on your feet, ya I'm diggin' that 
 Slick consako, yo boys slingin' wood bitch 
 You want that straight drop dick 
 Come to the hood bitch 
 I like scout them ghetto hoes up in 20 grand 
 'Cause them the ones be wit that freaky shit man 
 Two drinks, three beans, now she rollin' man 
 The tool in her throat, I'm just tonsil patrollin man 
 True pro's with this shit, we ain't new jacks 
 We drill hoes and switch 'em up like fitted caps