Please tell these niggas there's no hoe in me, 
 These niggas takin' all these shots but ain't no holes in me, 
 So what you shootin at niggas you ain't hit shit yet, 
 Jus check my black tee and it still ain't wet -- 
 Please tell these niggas there's no hoe in me, 
 These niggas takin' all these shots but ain't no holes in me, 
 So what you shootin at nigga you ain't hit shit yet, 
 Should be aiming at mah head, I'm top down on ya set! 
 Bring 'em cheechs and them lil niggas got, 
 Imma keep it 100 till mah fuckin' heart stop, 
 Catch me doin' 200 in mah fuckin' hardtop, 
 I do it for mah niggas sitting in them cell blocks, 
 Muh fucka I'm nice and I don't mean kind, 
 See that I'm the truth then they must be blind, 
 Deaf, dumb ? either how, either way here's the outcome, 
 I'm showin up a hundred deep like Malcolm, 
 Imagine Farrakhan, meets Babylon; Enemy of the state ? Verse 48, 
 I'm goin' psycho in this bitch, Nigga Norman Bates, 
 And when I'm done goin' hand every notivate, 
 Time to get 'em straight, lemme coordinate, 
 260 yeah that's right about a quarter cake, 
 Say that weight is over, yeah tha weight is over, 
 I'd really hate to be the one to say I fuckin' told ya, 
 What would I ever really been without that baking soda? 
 Remember waking up in Granny's to that baking odor, 
 Sat down kitchen table had my first meal, 
 And at that same kitchen table seen my first mil, 
 In that same backroom I seen my first half, 
 And in that same backroom opened my worst half, 
 A nigga lost so bad it was my worst math, 
 Look like the shit you put off in a bird bath, 
 What cud I say even the realest niggas got got, 
 What cud I say even the realest niggas quote Pac, 
 So confident it's like he's relaxing, 
 Quit being shy nigga just ask him, 
 Ey mr. young jizzle from the bottom of the map 
 You ever been on 75 wit one in ya lap? 
 One better Kelin Road ? wit two in mah jeans, 
 Cobb County ridin' hard yadadamean? 
 They say you make it then they hate, 
 This is what they mean? 
 A real nigga to another ? that's just how it seems, 
 Thought we was from the same cloth even the same seams, 
 Even wore the same jersey on the same team, 
 These niggas really outta place they so outta bounds, 
 So go on take ya lil shots till ya outta rounds, 
 Then imma smoke it till mah weed man outta pounds, 
 Then we goin' blaze until you pussy niggas outta downs, 
 Critics say he on hold, he won't change it up 
 A real nigga won't fold y'all can hang it up, 
 Bring me the Jury and the Judge watch me crank it up, 
 Y'all know this real shit cost you can ring me up!