I'm way to gone, what the fuck I'm a doing 
 Wake up in the morning, who the fuck am I screwing? 
 My partner on brown and you know I'm on white 
 You know it's going down, I can do this all night 
 Gotta get to the paper one time for the haters 
 Money over bitches two times for the fakers 
 Cause even in the dark, baby I'm a shine bright 
 I'm way too gone, the best night of my life 
 Yeah, I said g-g-g-go DJ 
 I see you got that Jizzle on replay 
 Just keep that Jizzle on repeat 
 It's about the time everybody scream "free Meech!" 
 Let's take ya bitch ass back to '05 
 Close your eyes, take a rough nigga look, Atlanta lights 
 Club vision, PJ in my hand, I'm on the couch 
 Man this nigga Meech just blew a quarter mil, he bought a house 
 Man you niggas gonna lace up your sneaks, it's time to ball 
 Presidential at the Swiss Hotel, making come alls. 
 Posted up, all black in the back, 100 deep 
 A hundred coupes posted up in the front, 200 seats 
 Man somebody call the IRS, too many lambos 
 Yeah I'm talking bottles and blunts, all you can handle 
 Them other niggas fake, to them fallings where it's at. 
 Man the real niggas do real things, let's drink to that! 
 I'm way to gone, what the fuck I'm a doing 
 Wake up in the morning, who the fuck am I screwing? 
 My partner on brown and you know I'm on white 
 You know it's going down, I can do this all night 
 Gotta get to the paper one time for the haters 
 Money over bitches two times for the fakers 
 Cause even in the dark, baby I'm a shine bright 
 I'm way too gone, the best night of my life 
 I said I'm gone! I'm going going gone! 
 Way this night is going, man I won't make it home 
 I'm a wake up in the room, wake up with a hangover 
 What I spent last night I could bought a Range Rover 
 Got my Raybans on, yeah I see you haters 
 Keep doing what you doing, 'cause I need you haters 
 She said what's your cologne, said you can call it strong 
 If I had to name my money baby, I would call it long. 
 I said I'm way too gone, I don't see nobody, 
 I ain't even on the bill, I'm acting like it's my party. 
 Feel like I'm on fire or just that hot, 
 If I smoke another blunt, yeah I swear I'm gonna die 
 You can call the weed man, tell him bring another zip 
 I know he just left, yeah he gotta make another trip 
 So hot in here feel like I'm going to faint 
 Even though I'm past my limit, still think I'm gonna drink 
 (Future) 
 I woke up early this morning, 
 Three white girls from the Pink Pony, 
 I'm blowing money fast, so caught up in the moment 
 One time for the bar, two times for my homies, 
 I'm a rock star in real life; I'm an astronaut outta sight. 
 Put Codeine in my Sprite, my wrist is full of ice 
 I don't even know her name, she so caught in the hype. 
 Its ok baby, 'cause I'm a millionaire for life, 
 I got bitches on my payroll, they coming back like white 
 I'm with Ethiopian, we in Vegas shootin' dice 
 Got a girl at home, I know I'm wrong, it feels so right 
 On the first road, young I hope I wrote a sinch 
 We in the club for thugs, this must be heaven.