Check one, check two, showing that the text do 
 Any nigger have shoes sniff a ... and bless you 
 Gonna still stand and talk, don't know what the rest do 
 Aim above the next so we don't care what the west do 
 22, 25, 38 special, 40 caliber, 44, 50 ... you, ...forget you 
 Put up in the cane, don't get caught up in the rain 
 You see for death they arrest you 
 Cold blood caravans, disguise nigger guess who 
 Young d texting on the fly nigger catch you 
 F you, bitch ass niggers there's so much shitless, 
 ...To help you niggers solve all your fitness 
 First 48 make sure you never forget this 
 Catching the appeal gotta make sure you bury the witness 
 Haters I'm shitting all, get my ... all, get the clipping all 
 ...Be ready to ... the straw, glock 23 like mac I put the pimping on 
 32 extended retarded with it I'm spitting all 
 Niggers after kill us we digging their cemetery 
 I'ma play it bitch for life might have been in the obituary 
 Grand rich hustler, millionaire ... I can't ... came on walker yucons 
 Sit them niggers down, we stretch them out ... 
 Bullets in their big ass heads, ... neutrons 
 ...On my loose sleeves, ... senator ... 
 Money and blue ... don't bomb on my true speed 
 Feeling malibu breeze bad bitches and cookies 
 Wait too cooler be booby down to the shoe strings one of the few kings 
 ...Where there's no telling whatever ... brings 
 30k on my mood ring, 30 play how we do things, burn new ways with the blue flames 
 Who trained on your ...lane, come steal a crazy out till you sang 
 It's getting easy, I ...flipped in the media, money's the only medicine 
 Medicine all we needing it, laws only to bore, I'm shitting on you for autumn 
 Been to hell and back up, ...here's your morning money, chance weather, big bills 
 You can feel like it's pouring, thunder and hell storming on the first thing in the morning 
 Morning might be hella icey, I should ... niggers that wanna knife me 
 Trying to strike me ... don't play games, no religion campaign, we should be feeling the same thing 
 You get nothing you maintain, not in my ... wonderful marriage, I'm hooked but I ain't mad at you 
 Look, ...establish the crooks... what I needed for playing about the books ... 
 ...Decided that we hollow in here, you can keep the love my heart don't need it 
 ...Out the bottom ... completed, shoes calls calls ... evens, yeah, yeah.