(Peedi Crakk) 
 Yeah, don't even wet it nigga, I got this one 
 North mothafuckin' Philly boy, fuckin' mafia and all that, 
 State Property, Peedi Crakk 
 And I'm G.A.M.E., so please don't tempt me 
 Yo that 4-5 keep holdin' your boy down, 
 We'll leave ya in the live, put everything in the ground, 
 And I ain't tryin' to brag, but the S-5 pound, 
 Keep shittin' on the ass every time I flex ground now 
 I got my moms to thank, and her boy good 
 I kiss her 'fore I leave then hit you up in the hood, 
 A nigga gon' bleed and Peedi don't need good 
 And I'm G.A.M.E. so please don't tempt me 
 This one is for my hood, my gun ain't unda the hood, 
 It's sittin' here on my lap, my cap is under my hood, good my aim good, 
 My aim good I'm doin' this like I should, 
 And I'm G.A.M.E. so please don't tempt me 
 See big up in the hood, with see's sayin' he low, 
 Elle D took a scooter he comin' back with the smokes, 
 See niggas in the hood nigga beggin a niggas up in there 
 (Lil' Cease) 
 Yo, I roll wit Peedi Crakk, I drink booze wit' Free 
 Smoke a pound wit Young Gunnas, plus I mack wit Beans, 
 That was Sate P, mad south Mafia Gang, 
 And them slugs go sting crack a skull in yo brain 
 And sing yo ass a lullaby, nigga mo' money mo' problems, mo' murda, mo' homicide 
 Bang, bang, Mafia Gang, we let the drama ride 
 G.A.M.E. so please don't tempt me 
 I'll pop ya 'cause I'm higher than paranoid, 
 Sometimes I feel like my niggas is hammer boys 
 Beat ya to a pulp, like Suge ya daddy boy 
 GAME so please don't tempt me 
 I'ma squeeze till my clips on empty, empty, 
 Every piece of slug all on your Bentley, 
 So don't tempt me nigga, I gets busy 
 G.A.M.E. so please don't tempt me 
 (Beanie Sigel) 
 Well they call me be Mack, 
 But today I got the K, I got the S, I got the A, 
 I don't think you want to play, OK 
 My choppa clicks, hold a hundred copper sticks 
 And I'm G.A.M.E. wit them things off safety 
 I play the hood, usually up to no good, 
 Keep my vest on my chest, under my SP hood, I'm good 
 I'm layin' low and my squad are burnin' woods, 
 And I'm G.A.M.E., so please don't tempt me 
 It ain't no thing for me to swing around your block, 
 Wit them machines that go ah, 
 Get off the scence before the cops, ain't nobody seen squat, 
 All they did was heard the shots 
 And I'm G-O-O-D, like you don't know me 
 Or know where I stand on ya, grown man on ya 
 Shot can on ya, play a block blam on ya, blam 
 And blast still all greasy on you, 
 It ain't shit to lay ya half a mil easy on you 
 You on them blockbusta, I'ma come block bustas 
 State Prop fucka, I know you cop sucka, cock sucka, 
 I see the bitch all in yo face, 
 And I'm G.A.M.E. to piss all in your face 
 (Young Chris) 
 Well they call me Young Gunna, but today I'm Mr. Chris, 
 Got the 357 wit the speed loaded kit, ya hit 
 My 3 5th, make you niggas shit and piss, 
 I'm wit the be -A-N-G G-A-N-G, yeah 
 My boy Sig got mafia boy sees, and Peedi gonna bring the Property more cheese, please 
 Who gon' stop it to drop it and say (?) 
 And I'm G.A.M.E., you-P-S-E-T 
 Peedi in check, Sigel in check, Sigel got the eagle, (?) got them tecks 
 I know Free Wizzle got his thizzle in his vest, 
 And we G.A.M.E., we can BANG now 
 Why'all ain't a threat, why'all niggas is our pets (you muts) 
 You ain't a boss, why'all Young'ns gon' play fetch (say what?) 
 I play the charge, throw somthin' all in yo chest, 
 You gon are-E-S-P-E-see-T me now, now, now