I know I can't take one more step towards you, cause all that's waiting is your cry, and don't you know I'm not your ghost anymore, you lost the love I love the most 
 So, here's a story, of a boy sick with ambition, shit on since he was twelve, put down- not a soul would listen. 
 From ground zero transitioned headlining to some local spots--- 
 Jumped on a train and coasted just coasted till he composed his thoughts. 
 Last stop on the one way train... can't see the station sign, so stuck on the chore in hand, to think of what he left behind 
 As the rain whipped off his face, 
 Unknown to the part of town, 
 No clue that the biggest change in his life was bout to come around. 
 And for his boys and his family made sure he held 'em down 
 Never cared bout travelling, touring, he always made 'em proud. 
 No one's opinions or comments could EVER make him doubt or regret 
 The choices or promises coming out his mouth. 
 I know I can't take one more step towards you, cause all that's waiting is your crys, and don't you know I'm not your ghost anymore, you lost the love I love the most. 
 So he kept friends, that knew him before his alter ego, to help him read through the bullshit that he'd have to see through 
 But the endless studio time and photoshoots THEY became the evils. 
 And pulled him further and further away from all his equals, but still 
 He balanced well, 
 Even when the kid kid was outta town, 
 Dreaming like he never gotta out bed, but still made sure his records sell. 
 Still made sure that all the hits, and with all the chicks he'd never dwell 
 Crazy how last years t-shirts turned into three piece suits wit a black lapel. 
 Presidential suites with homies screaming what the hell?! 
 It was just yesterday they wondered what theY future held, 
 And the train he jumped on with a backpack, hope, and a poem to tell 
 Back that dream that a dope like he could do anything and everything 
 He told himself. 
 I know I can't take one more step towards you, cause all that's waiting is your crys, and don't you know I'm not your ghost anymore, you lost the love I love the most 
 Yeah young sammy with a fantasy, closed my eyes and took a path no one else had seen. 
 Livin' a life I had before there's nothing left to see. Onto the world to explore and free to breathe. 
 It took so long just to feel all right, remember how to put back the lights in my eyes x3