(Roots Manuva) 
 More vibe, more vibe, more vibe, more pressure, more vibe 
 Who's that? Who's that? 
 More vibe, more vibe, more vibe, more pressure, more vibe 
 Who's that? Who's that? 
 Overblown inna the zone, come check the poet 
 Natural shiznit and nobody to show it 
 Step up to the bar and the clean girls know 
 My incredible vedible, my new talk tongue 
 Most cool when the world seems highly strung 
 Sit dung (down) inna the corner and me beat me drum 
 Me soon get the vision of the big lump sum 
 Its Saturday morning, you're playing the lottery 
 It could be you, it could be me 
 Fuck that, let's get this plan together 
 We were born to go live in a place 
 With nice weather 
 Disya bashment crew, just push up your hands 
 Disya bashment crew, just study the plan 
 Disya bashment crew, go'head go get grands 
 Disya bashment crew, go'head go get land 
 Fire fluid in my belly, I'm flaming hot 
 ??? Ayyo me do something me hustle, this is all your crops 
 We take that to the roll for just two G a pop 
 I hear them say Manuva sound like money 
 And ain't it funny, reflecting on the drama it took to get hook up 
 Big tings gwaan for us now 
 Each time we come we get dangerous now 
 I paid my dues in community studios 
 Late night sessions I refined my flows 
 I got to bring in from the good father field marshall 
 I'm mackin to the modes in my council flat castle 
 And we don't partial! Whos the rascal? 
 I won't ask you for... 
 Ricky Rankin 
 Don't want a fuss so me say turn with the fight now 
 Me say the ghetto make we all unite now 
 Look in the window and the earth get around now 
 I say you rocking to the champion sound now 
 Don't want a fuss so me say turn with the fight now 
 Me say the ghetto make we all unite now 
 Look in the window and the earth get around now 
 I say you rocking to the champion sound now 
 Roots Manuva 
 More style, more vibe, niceness we bring 
 You hear me MC now me going try sing 
 Simmer down, every posse just simmer down 
 Go get the pound! 
 Max relax now, we nuh want stress 
 Some of them inna sequin, some inna string vest 
 Bashment boogie, we dress fi impress 
 Step out the bath and me smell well fresh 
 Splash on cologne and we ready fi bone 
 First thing we do, we have fi pick up da phone 
 Yo Gordon G, I beg you, don't make me late 
 The coach is gonna leave about quarter past eight 
 Pack my backdrop, pack my dubplate 
 Pure love we get when we step through the gate 
 Roots fi disco deh pon the go 
 Step inna the room and everybody know 
 We cream we toe and cream we elbow 
 Gang like we, ???we bad than po po! 
 Ricky Rankin 
 Don't want a fuss so me say turn with the fight now 
 Me say the ghetto make we all unite now 
 Look in the window and the earth get around now 
 I say you rocking to the champion sound now 
 Don't want a fuss so me say turn with the fight now 
 Me say the ghetto make we all unite now 
 Look in the window and the earth get around now 
 I say you rocking to the champion sound now 
 Sound like surcharge, ah yeah dem was big and large 
 Man nuh use no camouflage 
 People here and people there and people almost everywhere 
 Uh-huh 
 All corners of South London was rammed 
 East London was jammed 
 Lemme tell you, one of days 
 My God! 
 Jesus Christ, we nice 
 Sweet like sugar 
 Love like the spice 
 You know that