Chea man am like make the fucker bark (herps) da shit hard 
 Flocka! 
 They say Flocka trippin' shawty on that other shit 
 I keep the crowd jumping like I'm Kris Kross bitch 
 I ain't gonna cross over, so any rap nigga move over 
 They say I ain't gonna make it so bitch yeah I gotta show ya 
 Man I'm known in the hood for making that f-ker bark 
 You know Flocka shoot first like John Stark 
 40 nights, 40 days, no Noah's ark 
 If we was livin' in water ide be a shark 
 I'm in the front you in the back like Rosa Parks 
 Got heart like Rosa Parks, ey where the fuck to start? 
 Don't gotta gun I'm a use a dart (bow) 
 I fell in love with yellow diamonds since gucci barked 
 Bitch we shootin over here no martial law 
 I got nigga knowledge, your girlfriends pussy got hella mileage 
 Ima street nigga so middle finger to a college 
 They say snakes in the grass so ima cut this shit 
 All these girls want this cash so I can't trust a bitch 
 12 pull up run back, I ain't goin' to jail for shit 
 I got cars, ice and hoes shawty I'm nigga rich 
 They say snakes in the grass so ima cut this shit 
 All these girls want this cash so I can't trust a bitch 
 12 full of ryhme, I ain't go to jail for shit 
 I got cars, ice and hoes shawty I'm nigga rich 
 Cartier no watch so high, that my ears popped 
 Right here where that lear dropped, hopped out yeah like 
 That's hot now where the bread ima need that boo 
 When it off the head ima need like two 
 Nigga rich what that make you, I'm a trigger chick my 
 Belt my proof. 
 Now what you want Imma shut this down, nigga try 
 To front like I don't run this town nigga try to front like 
 I don't work this shit shit. Nigga hide the blunt I smell 
 The pigs. While I'm tippin corners I'm rollin' with foreigners 
 My hoes be Brazilian Sicilian Honduras. Got bread to blow 
 Got a mean 16 turn the camera on let me rep my team 
 I'm makin' hits like back to back y'all cute 'n' shit, y'all try 
 To rap. Get stupid chick how you trynna act I'm stupid rich 
 No platinum plaques. I'm nigga rich boy what you rep 
 No nigga business No nigga checks. Cartier! 
 They say snakes in the grass so ima cut this shit 
 All these girls want this cash so I can't trust a bitch 
 12 pull up run back, ain't goin' to jail for shit 
 I got cars, ice and hoes shawty I'm nigga rich (2x)