(Timbaland} 
 Oh! Cee-Lo... you ready to rock with Timbaland? 
 Oh! Let's go boy! ATL, talk to 'em Lo... 
 (Verse 1 - Cee-Lo) 
 How can I possibly, be inconspicuous 
 When my flow is fuckin' ridiculous? 
 That's rite an accent, see I'm from the south 
 Where some of the most beautiful things come out my mouth 
 And I'm on stage just as soon as I come out the house 
 So I might as well give them somethin' to talk about 
 I bust a rap to make a blind man believe in the boogey 
 And if you came here to move the Cee then the boogey on 
 (Chorus - Tim (Cee) 
 When you want me to come (Holla) 
 When you want me to come (Call me!) 
 When you want me to come (I'll be around) 
 (When you want me to come, yeah, woo! Holla) 
 When you want me to come (Holla) 
 When you want me to come (Call me!) 
 When you want me to come (I'll be around) 
 (Verse 2 - Timbaland) 
 Here comes Timbaland, I'm also from the south 
 I like them girls with big butts, and golds in they mouth 
 I come from the back road, and a dirty house 
 If you leave the door open, mama'll cuss ya' out 
 I got a big dog in the front yard 
 Best buh-lieve that bitch bite hard 
 I gotta grand daddy who think he Joe Clark 
 And that's how we do it 'round these parts 
 (Verse 3 - Cee-Lo) 
 You see, I do what they won't do and can't do 
 But gon' wish they did when I'm done 
 And with a smile on my face, give a joke for second place after I won 
 Shake his hand, firm like a man but talk to him like a son 
 And this way I can still be a little somethin' to everyone 
 And with that elegance, I rock climb to reach hints from God of relevance 
 Poise, position, and the plush of a revalance 
 And I'm outstandin', outpsoken, which is the unequivocal evidence 
 It is then instant vintage as it has been, ever since, ah! 
 Uuh Ooh! Oh no! Uh oh! Sweet Sugar Lo and Timbo (Uh oh!) 
 Oh No, uh oh, them niggaz bouta get some mo' dough (Uh oh!) 
 Uuh Ooh! Oh no! Uh oh! Sweet Sugar Lo and Timbo (Tim-Bo!) 
 Oh No, uh oh, them niggaz bouta get some mo' dough (Uh oh!) 
 Uuh Ooh! Oh no! Uh oh! Sweet Sugar Lo and Timbo (Tim-bo!) 
 Oh No, uh oh, them niggaz bouta get some mo' dough (Uh oh!) 
 Uuh Ooh! Oh no! Uh oh! Sweet Sugar Lo and Timbo (Tim-Bo!) 
 Oh No, uh oh, them niggaz bouta get some mo' dough (We Out...)