I would share the definition of boss hoggin with you white folks... 
 But no... 
 Games to be sold 
 Not told 
 Motherfuckers 
 Boss Hoggin' 
 I'm boss hoggin' 
 I'm out before the sunrise pullin out my supplies 
 I got hustle in my eyes can't let the cash die 
 I'm a boss hog outlaw chasin my stacks 
 Wether weed or C.D's or keys of Crack, 
 I gotta get it, bein broke? a nigga ain't with it 
 Show slim the target and I promise I hit it 
 I spit it for the real G's who be out on the grind 
 Who hustle 'cause dollar signs is all they got on they mind 
 Get your money nigga, if you don't someone will 
 I can't depend on a record deal for a meal, 
 Ima' make it for my mother, one way or the other, 
 I never did like snakes so I got out the gutter. 
 I made it now, that's why slim the most hated now. 
 No more livin' in the hood we done upgraded now, 
 And they say how did you survive livin' on the north side, 
 In the city where the skinny niggas die. 
 Tell momma don't cry, 
 'Cause even if they kill me they can never take the hustle from a young G. 
 I'm Boss Hoggin' 
 All my G's in Texas on the grind know what I'm talkin' about 
 I'm boss hoggin' 
 Get this motherfuckin' money nigga' 
 Chea' 
 You know how the south do it mang... motherfucker. 
 Pockets still on swole 
 Got alotta niggas hurtin', hate to see a young G 
 That be get what he deservin' 
 I'm a soldier so I can't let these haters stop me 
 It feel like the whole world tryin' baller-block me 
 I got cameras around my eyes, I can't sleep 
 When red lights in my street I'm reachin' for my heat, nigga. 
 I be damned if these H.B.D's or F.B.D's or so called G's take a nigga down with ease. 
 If I go ima go out swingin', 
 And if I go, ima go with the A.K ringin'. 
 Id rather die makin' money than live poor legal, 
 As I sell last signs of this motherfuckin kilo. 
 I'm gettin' mine in a major way, I took your biatch, 'cause I'm paid. 
 You other motherfuckers ballin' 
 With me 'n' my boss hogg outlaws. 
 We boss hoggin' 
 This went out to every nigga in the motherfuckin trap on the corner, 
 With them blocks and them motherfukin rocks mang, 
 Tryin' to get it, you know what I'm sayin', I did this shit for y'all. 
 And to my niggas in the motherfuckin streets, 
 Turn this motherfukin song up, 
 Let me hear your beat, 
 'Cause your ridin' with the rawest motherfucker ever born, 
 He wants to hear this song, I'm one deep me 'n' my chrome. 
 Let it be known, ???, 
 I'm slim thugga motherfucka 
 The one who told you the way to ball, 
 I stand tall for the boss crew, stack knots and call shots like a boss do, 
 Cross me? now it's a must I cross you, you whole future is what that's gonna cost you. 
 Somebody shoulda' taught you better, you fukin with a trend setter, 
 That's gotta do whatever when it omes to the cheddar. 
 Touch me and ima touch you, 
 If you try to bust me we gonna bust you 
 If somebody fuk with me we gonna fuck with you, 
 Nuf said little punk motherfucker, do what you do. 
 Its laid out, I got all my killers, paid out, 
 Come on pussy ass nigga you can't fuck with the boss. 
 I'm boss hoggin' 
 All motherfuckin day long, stay strong nigga. 
 I'm boss hoggin'