Understand at where I'm coming from 
 Understand at where I'm coming from 
 Live this life in the hardest 
 Understand at where I'm coming from 
 Understand at where I'm coming from 
 This is what the gangster's about 
 And bitch nigger's at 
 Somebody from your block got... gotta ride 
 When the bitches... that's why you can't trust em 
 ... Steal... wanna fuck em 
 The block is on fire, them... want you locked 
 Even if you pay the hustle they take... what you got 
 When neighbors get shot, and it ain't no big deal 
 Cause everybody took what he... peel 
 It's hard to... we're so used to, live everyday like it's our last 
 It's like they... knew it 
 ... Robbing and stealing, hustling and killing 
 Serve that, I just might... living with no villain 
 Where they... they'd rather be in jail 
 They go home and after tell their kids they failed 
 ... South side of Houston, everybody's... but I love my hood so I put it up on... 
 Living life in the hardest, you understand at where I'm coming from 
 I come from the... bottom, trains... steal meals 
 My... fuck school, they'd rather rock... on wheels 
 Babys been having babies like condoms they never made them 
 Give them up to their pants cause sure they couldn't raise them 
 Let the curtain fall from the laws and the jewish 
 It's in the niggers up the creep for selling drugs that... us 
 My grandma always used to say... 
 ... To take us up the... 
 ... But I got feels do, so pardon me when I'm eat and... you... 
 Just let me smoke my weed and drank upon this... 
 But never pour too much 'cause I try to make it last 
 Understand at where I'm coming from 
 Live this life in the hardest 
 Understand at where I'm coming from 
 Understand at where I'm coming from 
 I'm from the home where we need you 
 Where they... away 
 ... Home of the g's, land of the slaves 
 Where the good die young and the... 
 ... On the way to school jump in double blood pools 
 ... And they... to it, how is this normal? 
 When the babies get burned and we used to call that coma 
 See where I'm from they will tell us anything 
 Like fuck... they just want us... 
 Yeah man, that's a motherfucking shame 
 And every... is the same 
 ... Get down, and the bricks bitch 
 Understand at where I'm coming from 
 Understand at where I'm coming from 
 Understand at where I'm coming from