This Fire! 
 Burn This City! 
 This Fire! 
 Burn This City! 
 Burn This City! 
 This Fire! 
 Burn This City! 
 This Fire! 
 Burn This City! 
 Burn This City! 
 This fire is outta control 
 Where gonna burn this city burn this city (burn this city) [x4] 
 (Verse 1: Lil Wayne) 
 Yeah, stop playin' wit me cannon in my hand 
 And I'll be damn if any man disrespect me on my land 
 Intercept a niggas plans ineffective ass nigga 
 I'm fi-fire man but I'll wet that ass nigga 
 My vessel pump liquor 
 I'm a special ass nigga 
 No frontin' I'm in front of these extra last niggas 
 I'm a extra bad nigga I'm a side ways shooter 
 Open up the Maserati fuck the highway troopas 
 Cause now a days dudes a run and tell a troopa 
 So I hope that same trooper come find you when I lose ya (hey) 
 These niggas talkin' out tha side of they medullas 
 Preserve a nigga put his body in a cooler 
 Turn him into ice call me Weezy the jeweler 
 Run up on me boy and get smoked like Buddha 
 Who the fuck wanna get it in ya next breathe 
 Gasoline on your door steps... Fire! 
 (During Chorus) 
 ('Cause I'm the fireman fire for fireman) 
 (You can spark it up and I'ma put you out) 
 (Weezy allergic to winter time... Hot... Hot) 
 (Verse 2: Twista) 
 Niggas trip watch Twista, Weezy, and his daddy show em' heaven 
 Call the reverend 
 I'ma burn then up like 94 to 7 with a mac 11 
 Try to shoot up every part of you in my arsenal I'm an arsonist 
 On the 40 cal with the 50 clip uh uh you don't want no part of this 
 Any dude give a dude I'ma pop your oblongata 
 Call a doctor 
 Homie you are not Baby, not the Twista, and not the Carter 
 Don't be comin' to me actin' petty when I carry glocks to carve ya 
 Stop Tomorrow 
 You can break my hands I write with my mind you can't stop the author 
 Try to run up on the block why bother 
 I'ma shoot him the Pump then I go and throw his body in a ditch and wont nobody ever find you and wont nobody talk 'cause I'm a real street mobster 
 Ghetto gangstas that don't eat pasta 
 Only fuckin' with tha shrimp and tha lobsta 
 Murder tha pussy hole in ya boy when I'm dressed up like a roster 
 New Orleans and shot connect stay burnin' sticky 
 And we getting stomachs instead a getin' money that's why I'm on 50, shit 
 I only be fuckin' with niggas that's earnin' with me 
 If you try then you gon die, on fire, 'cause I'm so high watch how we burn this city 
 (Verse 3: Lil Wayne) 
 (Uh Huh... Uh Huh Yeah Yeah) 
 Sicka than a bird flu I am the Birdman Jr. 
 And you niggas just bird food 
 We livin' in a whirlpool you gotta eat or get ate 
 And you look like bait 
 Don't you stick one hand over the gate 
 This dog treat you niggas just like steak... Dinner 
 I'm that nigga take a break 
 My fuck up is a perfect mistake... I'm great 
 Murder renegade music my flow stupid 
 I'm cold I spit mucous 
 I'm tight like suchus, righteous, rootless strapped, shoot'cha 
 We rich sue us 
 Snitch leave em 
 Bitch sue us 
 Pushin' up daisies, roses, petunias 
 Weights, funerals, service, communion 
 I'm hotta than the mother fuckin' hot boys reunion... Weezy