You don't wanna bring darkness into this. 
 You don't wanna bring darkness into this! 
 Nigger got me fucked up, 
 Kicking on my horse like I wouldn't leave a nigger punch drunk 
 Went around talking all tuff chump 
 Fuck around and get stuffed up 
 Better believe if a nigga tred ninety fuck 
 Beat him up, cause a nigger tries his luck, 
 Beat him up, while a nigger try to duk 
 But when I line him up I'll be fireing him up 
 Like two lines of dust 
 I'm ganna be two glokes with it I'm cock aim ready to pop with it 
 If the bullets gone rain get ready to drop mane nigga got dat fifty 
 And if a nigga thinking that I'm kiding 
 I gotta slug, with your name on it hommie you can come get it 
 And you give nigger the blame, 'cause you're the one that did it, 
 When niggers start shit they reconn a nigga wont finish 
 Give him shots in the face, like a denis I'm a menace 
 I'm gonna make sure a mother fucker feel it. 
 Soon as a nigga get into my business 
 Only got a couple secounds till his blood start spilling 
 Fuck yowll figure recless and cold but a hole in one of yowll bitches 
 Half of yowll whoes the other half snitches matter of fact fuck it 
 All of yowll get it Leave no witness 
 Your fucking with the mother fucking realiest 
 I'll be fucking with them killers, killers 
 The niggers on the block with them glocks 
 Steady running from the cops drug dealing 
 He I'll be thinking that his hard. 
 Till I hit him in his heart and his body fell apart like syphilis. 
 You don't want to swap bullets with the mob 
 You don't wanna bring darkness into this. 
 You don't wanna be around when the reaper comes, 
 You don't wanna be on the street where the nigger got beef 
 And a nigga got heat just run 
 You don't wanna get into it 
 With a nigga that straight black out 
 Nigga you really don't want to take that route 
 Fucking with a nigga that staright jump out 
 You don't wanna bring darkness into this! 
 Darkness into this! 
 Darkness into this! 
 Darkness into this! 
 Don't talk that shit now! 
 Automatic shots at the enemy while I'm screaming out bitch die 
 Shoulda woulda hooda let your fists fly 
 Did you think that you will die while you were this high? 
 Did you think the streets sweaper will make you look at the reaper 
 Then take a peak at death and your soul when it got cold? 
 Did you think that you ever would take a good look at The God through a black whole? 
 See me hooded semi automatic when niggas thinking there hard to the fullest 
 I'm a pull it on the mob I'm a pull it 
 I will put I slug in your chest and watch you slide for the bullet 
 While choken on the blood 
 Try na get that money from me but I was quiker I caught him with a slug 
 And on his shoulder was some blood and I'm give no enemy some love 
 And I hope your boy is a thug 
 See if he charges ye, 
 See if his on mark 
 See if he got the heart to do what he gotta do. 
 Like he a G like he a G 
 You can forget about it! 
 I'm off the chain like a fith of henacy 
 Or like a pimp be when he see 
 A nigga try tip sweet 
 Let your lips speak, see the clip leak 
 When inflect heat leave a mother fucker up shits creck 
 Pop one of the beats, kill one of the souls, 
 Murder one For that shit you should be ready to fight for 
 Got something might get shot twice for 
 Me and my garage is infamous. 
 You don't wanna spark the emphasis, 
 On a pistol that could make it pitch black in the room. 
 You don't wanna bring darkness into this. 
 You don't wanna be around when the reaper comes, 
 You don't wanna be on the street where the nigger got beef 
 And a nigga got heat just run 
 You don't wanna get into it 
 With a nigga that straight black out 
 Nigga you really don't want to take that route 
 Fucking with a nigga that staright jump out 
 You don't wanna bring darkness into this! 
 Darkness into this! 
 Darkness into this! 
 You don't wanna bring darkness into this!