Hey lover, am I the only one 
 Or are you selling your baby a dream 
 (Am I who you thinkin' of, who you thinkin' of) 
 Hey lover boy, am I the only one 
 Or are you selling your baby a dream 
 (Am I a sucker for love, a sucker for love) 
 (Mayz) 
 Damn, I'm trippin' 'cause I never really felt like this 
 To me women used to be only fuck boxes 
 But it's like with you I cherish every kiss 
 I know it's a risk but you make me wanna come clean 
 I wanna make you my queen 
 Put you in a crib and give you plenty green 
 To help you fulfill all your childhood dreams 
 Only for your love I fiend 
 'Cause the way you put it on me make me wanna scream 
 And fuck you in places you ain't never seen 
 In a private boat as we float down stream 
 Yeah I already know you done heard this before 
 But the way you make me feel is real 
 Playas don't love no hoes but stayin' true like you do 
 Got me head over heals, so tell me what's the deal, baby 
 'Cause you lookin' too fine to not be mine 
 And I ain't gon' never be satisfied 
 Unless you're on my side to the end of time 
 I can tell you think I'm lying 
 But I swear to you girl this ain't no scheme 
 You stay on my mind, even in my sleep 
 You keep a nigga havin' wet dreams, on the real 
 (Liffy Stokes) 
 From the first time I met ya, you was on my mind all night 
 A Maybelene queen with a body too tight 
 Wearin' black and white and some brand new Mike's 
 Draped in ice, attitude nice 
 You the type of woman that I need in my life 
 To add a little spice, cookin' nigga steak and rice 
 I can see ud one day man and wife 
 Walkin' down the aisle, havin' our first child 
 Plus our marriage worth while 
 With a brand new lifestyle, I could walk that mile 
 But baby I need you right now 
 In my arms caressin' me 
 I can see your eyes undressing me 
 Girl it's destiny and love is the recipe 
 But this way's got the best of me 
 On everything, I can guarantee you better things 
 If you just get rid of "what's his name" 
 And let me in your world 
 So I can show you, baby, that my love is real and not a game 
 So can a brother come through 
 So I can show you, boo, just exactly what I mean 
 It don't matter if you fuck me tonight or next month 
 Babe, only time can reveal a dream 
 (Twista) 
 Baby I'll drink your bath water about the pint 
 Think I'm ever gon' give your love away, uh-uh 
 I ain't sayin' I'm never lovin' 'em and I ain't studdin' 'em but shit 
 I'm cravin' you every night and we just met on the ninth 
 But it seems like I've been knowin' you all my life 
 Ain't it funny how you be thinkin' you never be true to none, but you the one 
 I helplessly succumb, lovin' you more than everything 
 But my dollars, family, and smokin' sticky up through the lungs 
 I can see you havin' my son, screamin' your name on my next tape 
 Lettin' the city know, here my pretty go 
 Quick to break a 54, put you on my video 
 Young and witty hoe, the only fee I fit a pretty foe 
 I don't know what I was frontin' on 
 But I don't see nothin' wrong, sprung or gone 
 My every heartbeat's weaker, follow the leader 
 Promise I won't hurt you baby 
 Don't feel the heatseaker 'cause we gon' be smokin' on sweet cheeba 
 Take my boo-boo to the mall and go shopping until we fall 
 Get you the finest things like diamond rings 
 Even though my mind is strange, I'm tryin' to change 
 How we fuck and kiss and the hugging make me blind to pain 
 No lying, no games, you gon' give me some, hey now, we freakin' up in the cut 
 'Cause I just sold you a dream hoe, like a girl had did to my homie 
 Yeah how I spit it was fuckin' her up 
 A sucker for love, a sucker for love 
 (Conversation Between 2 Girls) 
 Girl 1: "Man... this muhfucka be tellin' me all type of good shit, man." 
 Girl 2: "Tellin' you what, man?" 
 Girl 1: "Talkin' bout we gon' go to the Bahamas, we gon' go, muhfuckin', the Caribbean." 
 Girl 2: "Damn." 
 Girl 1: "...and cruises 'n' shit, give a bitch jewels, you know what I'm sayin', sprinkle the muhfucker." 
 Girl 2: "Sprinkle a muhfucker?" 
 Girl 1: "Yeah... " 
 Girl 2: "Mmmm..." 
 Girl 1: "Man I'm, I'm likin' this nigga, man." 
 Girl 2: "I'on't know, umm..." 
 Girl 1: "You think he's foreal?" 
 Girl 2: "I'on't know" 
 Girl 1: "You know what I'm sayin' girl, I don't... fuckin' don't wanna be sold no dream. 
 Girl 2: "I feel you."