(Johnny P) 
 I can get inside your head 
 All day everyday, and play with your emotions... 
 Let me get inside your head 
 All day, everyday, and play with your emotions... 
 (Twista over P in background) 
 Huh... yeah it's Twista again y'know 
 These females be trippin' me out y'know? 
 Certain stuff they be sayin' 
 Like this other female she came up to me 
 (This other female she came up to me) 
 She said a little somethin' like this 
 (She said a little somethin' like this) 
 (Twista) 
 I thought you love me though? Now how you gonna be wrong 
 Just 'cause you know you got me gone in the head? 
 You be twistin with the lovely flow, but whatchu actin' all ugly fo'? 
 Left me alone in the bed 
 Where you goin' 'cause I'm not done, cool till you got some 
 Trippin' when I got sprung, but you ain't fly love 
 You da shit but your petty money can't but love 
 Is that what I does? My reply was, you know why 'cause 
 I could tell you was prone-to-bone niggaz I hang around 
 But the reefer I was zonin on, make me the one you freakin on da mo' 
 From how I lay you down 
 Now you trippin' 'cause I'm not attached, hangin' with a lot of rats 
 Her concerned whether I'ma act 
 Now you the momma mack, comin' back with a lot of scratch 
 Go on witcha bad ass, but I gotta catch 
 I done peeped the way you look into my nigga's eyes 
 I done recognized that I won't be hypnotized 
 Criticized, no more inner cries, now I'm ener-gized 
 With my eyes on the prize just a flick of thighs 
 I can't let nobody ride with me that'll lie to me 
 Smokin' stanky up and play with me the way you do 
 And you trippin' 'cause I played you too? Sho' you right 
 Take the whole thing in stride like the way I do 
 And let me play with your emotions slow 
 (Chorus: Johnny P, Twista) 
 I can get inside you head 
 All day, everyday, and play with your emotions 
 (T) Let me play with your emotions slow 
 To the rhythm of a kick-drum, take a body get sprung 
 Let me stimulate your mind, body, and soul 
 You know I got a quick tongue, so if you want some get some 
 Let me get inside your head 
 Everyday, all day, and play with your emotions 
 (T) Let me play with your emotions slow 
 To the rhythm of a kick-drum, take a body get sprung 
 Let me stimulate your mind, body, and soul 
 You know I got a quick tongue, so if you want some get some 
 (Twista) 
 Now tell me how you gon' act though? I saw you creepin' out the backdo' 
 Whatchu run up on my mack fo'? 
 Lay you on your back slow cause you know I got you with my lasso 
 Blow your mind like an afro 
 Come and take a glimpse of the stairs 
 It's the aroma of a pimp in the air, I bet you notice the smell 
 It's like a lotus when I flow this, cause my eyes be the lowest 
 If you didn't notice, then you bogus as hell 
 I'm puttin' woman under my spell, lock them up in the brain 
 Pimpin' her vain with games with the anatomy that's feminine 
 Then fillin them up "Adrenaline" 
 Got 'em geekin we're speakin' approachin up a pimp like a gentleman 
 Submission and surrenderin and ain't no end in it 
 If it's on with a blunt from my bomb sack 
 In the right place with the right mind and the right line 
 You can get a lifetime contract 
 Then be wise until I look into your eyes 
 Now shorty freaked when she spotted mine 
 Took her over to my crib laid low hit it raw from behind 
 Then she signed on the dotted line, and she was like... 
 (Ooh daddy... don't make me feel like this... 
 I don't want nobody else, you got the bomb!) 
 Your mind I don't mean to make a disaster of 
 Like when daddy mastered love 
 But if a bogus brother breakin you for every penny you earn 
 Then how could you still show the bastard love? 
 I guess I'm with a cold clique 
 Thought you was gon' be spendin me? I bet you think you sho' did 
 But game recognize game now you lame in the brain stupid trick 
 That's what you get for tryin' to gold-dig 
 Now let me play with your emotions slow 
 (Twista) 
 Whassup girl? It's the Twista and the Verbal Tantrum once again 
 With a sack big enough for me and a friend 
 You do know how to roll B's don't you? 
 Well let's fill one up with a dub and a little bit of love 
 And take it to the head 
 For some of this long-lastin blunt passion 
 (Twista) 
 I know you think it's blasphemy 
 But won't you show my boys and pass for me, after he past the B? 
 Since you said I was your majesty, I had to see 
 And when you get paid then push some cash to me 
 Is it a tragedy, that I can get her so gone 
 That she be trippin' talkin' up "I love a lot" 
 But the only love I got, is when I grip a mic 
 Or when I hug the glock or when I rub the twat 
 I'm pickin' up a dub in spots, skip the studs in the clubs 
 And the phony perpetrators with jobs 
 The Speedknot, Psycho Drama shocked the world 
 Triple Dark, there's a Conflict, be pimpin' 'em with gators 'n' darts 
 Collectin papers 'n' gobs 
 Playa haters remarks'll get smoked to a blunt dust 
 So keep walkin' and next time you hear grown folks talkin' 
 Other people better shut the (fuck) up 
 'Cause I make the women suck up 
 You insist to be trippin' when we be gamin like Don Juan 
 Without the filet mignon and Grey Poupon 
 The thieves just ain't the charm because I made the bomb? 
 Now I don't mean no harm; but either come on in or get on gone 
 Now watch me live a kosher flow 
 In between your thighs come take a pull and divide 
 But let your tongue go coastin low 
 Now let me play with your emotions slow