I ain't that nigga... I jus thought I'd let chu know... when I'm rollin' with a black Fo' Fo'... I ain't that nigga. 
 Naww I ain't a gangsta, but kick it with board members and governers that love larry hoover. 
 Niggas that'll do ya, Crackin' a rifile over deciple have ya mama screamin out (holla-lu-ya). 
 And No I ain't a Vice Lord, But I kick it with niggas that bang that shit to tha left. 
 CVL love tha BL, them thug folks that love low, down with my click to tha death. 
 And naw I ain't BLACK P STONE, but when I was getting production with VILLIAN we was chillin'. 
 South side, Swole brothas, who long ass braids, who real niggas stackin millions to tha ceilin. 
 And naw I ain't a soul, but got into it with dollar and rocked pink with jack Vo Vo. 
 Knew all them niggas when my raps flow so slow, befo' I was ridin' black benzes on black Mo Mo's. 
 And I got plenty of friends and relatives that still be all up in tha mix. 
 Out chere up in tha streets', well fuck this rap shit nigga, I got guns you ain't gonna do shit. 
 I ain't gonna be frontin an fakin and actin' petite all in my music... Not uh, that's too lame. 
 When it's on it's on, I pop a nigga, when you gone you gone, you finna be wiped of the earth like a memory... What's dude name? [echo's out] 
 And naw I ain't a killa, But I'll stank a motha fucka while I'm hooded if he pull it. 
 Make a nigga bite tha bullet, hit em 
 With tha chrome 'cause I got tah show it's on to tha fullest. 
 And naw I ain't chief, But I'm a motha fuckin' beast when it comes tah runnin' in tha streets. 
 Ain't been on it in a minute 'cause a nigga getting money when I do it's 'cause a nigga gotta eat. 
 And naw I ain't SOLID but I got tha up most respect fo' a nigga if he holla it. 
 Or if he ride unda tha six I know he be tha shit to tha real g's, I gotta pay homad. 
 And naw I ain't hard, but on god I'll push a niggas shit back and leave 'em scard. 
 Get tha inferred beam then go steal 'em N steam em, stank a nigga then go put tha car in my garage. 
 I spit crack you gotta pardon my berauge... uh lyrics I'm throwin' is countin' tha vesauge. 
 Tha thieves wanna be thugs tryna put on fo tha streets, some beats but ain't got heart up in tha mind. 
 Quit lying you metamorphicLY speakin' motha fuckas don't want it with real niggas that's out chere. 
 Give a desription of hellava gun but you don't wanna really feel it from real triggas that's out chere. 
 ('Cause it's out chere)[echo's out] 
 I ain't that nigga... I jus thought I'd let chu know... when I'm rollin' with a black Fo' Fo'... I ain't that nigga. 
 Naw I ain't a playa, but in my city all tha bitches holla at me like I'm tha mayor. 
 Devistatin while I'm say-uh, but if you wanna make it bigger than words I gotta spray her. 
 And naw I ain't a pimp, but peel a hoe fo' a fimp and I walk with a limp. 
 While I be smokin' on the hemp and at tha party bitches sayin' look at him look at him. 
 And naw I ain't no mark or no coward, come at me you gonna get yo lil heart devoured. 
 We don't buckle easy tah threats we be comin' after next for techs for sex, money, and power. 
 Been doin' tha Bid fo' so long that everybody around us talk shit. 
 Can't do nothin' but hate off tha money we make, if we don't come up off of rappin' we comin' up off bricks... you lil soft Bitch! [echo's out] 
 I ain't that nigga... I jus thought I'd let chu know... when I'm rollin' with a black Fo' Fo'... I ain't that nigga.