(Chorus: Twista) 
 Make that ass roll like a 24, 
 Let me see you make that ass roll like a 24, 
 Shorty make that ass roll like some 24's, 
 Let me see you make that ass roll like a 24, 
 (Girl) I can make my ass roll like a 24, 
 I can make my ass roll like a 24, 
 I can make my ass roll some 24's, 
 I can make my ass roll like a 24, 
 (Twista) Now drop, Now drop it to tha floor, 
 Spin it like some stop-and-go's, 
 Drop it, Drop it to tha floor, 
 Spin it like some stop-and-go's, 
 Roll like a 24... 
 Let me see you make that ass roll like a 24... 
 (Twista) 
 Now I can tell from back in tha days when we was shortys in tha hood, (Hood) 
 That you was gon' grow to be thick as hell and lookin' good, (Good) 
 Now you 21 and them thighs ain't no punk, (Punk) 
 Lookin' fine as hell like a penny jumped up in tha trunk, (Trunk) 
 Make a nigga give you what you want, put that ass on dubs, 
 Feelin' when you get tha party crunk, feelin' when you twork it in tha clubs, 
 Feelin' when you get down on tha floor, love when you get down on tha low, 
 Feelin' wanna jack that ass, wanna bump and get tha hoe, get tha hoe, 
 Baby I just got some 24's and I love to watch 'em spin, (Spin) 
 So let me see you make that ass roll like my rims, (Rims) 
 Feelin' like them Omega Jordans, pop that booty for my squad, 
 Work that phatty, throw it hard, roll it like a loaf and hard... 
 (T.I.) 
 You already know hoes down pimps up, 
 When pimpin' step up in tha house put yo bitch up, 
 I got a Remi bottle instead of a pimp cup, 
 It shine like a summer day wit' my wrist up, 
 She wanna wave now 'cause my nigga Twista, 
 Dissed her then bounced wit' her sister, 
 I tell her keep her head down and her hips up, 
 You can keep the pussy I'ma tear them pretty lips up, 
 Let that ass roll like 24's on a big truck, 
 And ya g-string let it bounce when tha beat bang, 
 Make it drop like them cars in tha g-thang, 
 Pull up ya skirt, work it like tha hood keep sayin'... 
 (Liffy Stokes) 
 Come on shorty make that ass pop, drop it like a rag-top, 
 Shake it like its bomb dro, stir it up like ready roc, 
 I gotta pocket full of tens and dubs... 
 I'm up in tha club, drunk as fuck, stuck, lookin' for love, 
 They lookin' for thugs... And I got to admit, guys we trust, 
 A lil' game, a lil' fame, I'll have 'em piling in the church bus, 
 Pumping on bomb dro, straight up to tha condo, 
 Open tha bus doors, head up to tha twelfth floor, 
 It's 'bout to crack now, layin' on my back now, 
 She shook one cheek at a time, then dropped it back down, 
 I'm goin' through a thang, I never knew tha name, 
 All I know is when she got low, A nigga lost it man... 
 (Outro: Twista) 
 You got my thang on swole... (Back that ass up) 
 Girl, you got my thang on swole... (Now make that ass drop) 
 You got my thang on swole... (Make that ass bounce) 
 Girl, you got my thang on swole... (Now make that ass drop) 
 Drop somethin', shake somethin'... 
 Work somethin', twork somethin'... 
 Break somethin', shake somethin'... 
 Work somethin', twork somethin'... 
 Break it, shake it, work it, twork it, 
 Break it, shake it, work it, twork it, 
 Break it, shake it, work it, twork it, 
 Break it, shake it, work it, twork it, 
 Break it, shake it, work it, twork it, 
 Shorty let me see you make tha left side move... (Side move) 
 Now let me see you make tha right side move... (Side move) 
 Now let me see you make both sides move... (Sides move) 
 Now baby bounce (bounce), bounce (bounce), bounce (bounce), bounce (bounce)...