Look at the plush, truck, women'll blush 
 Especially when I bust "Adrenaline Rush", crush, pennin from us 
 Venomous flowin is hard, look at the ice, oh, look at the walk 
 In the presence of a god, see how he thinks, oh, look how he talks 
 And I'ma come with the style, most of 'em like, then, most of 'em bite 
 Whether they go write it down, or spit it in, they, mobil device 
 Niggas could never compete, they lesser than me, I'm, destined to be 
 Run the Midwest and the reason the lesson'll be, one of the best in the streets 
 Takin' a lesson from me 'cause I'm wreckin the beat, a molecular special MC 
 If you wanna take it and be, with knowledge of self, there's no better weapon than me 
 And I hope you got the kush, gimme the woods, cause, I gotta smoke 
 And if you don't got the dough, then it'll be, adios, I gotta go 
 Unless you got somethin' to say, look at the time, no, look at the mind 
 Don't think about what I'ma do if it ain't about money or you don't say nothin' divine 
 I'm loving that you in the way, I wanna get, that, power and guap 
 Remember I used to get break, now I don't sleep, nope, now I don't stop 
 I do it for me and you 
 They wanna know why do I work work (c'mon) 
 Why do I smoke? So I could be turnt turnt (c'mon) 
 Why do I grind? So we can floss floss (c'mon) 
 And why do I shine? Because I'm a boss boss 
 I do it for me and you... c'mon 
 I do it for me and you... c'mon 
 I want you to visualize and just, look at the stage, look at the bright lights 
 C'mon; look at the rage, look at the night life 
 Listen to a dope individual, not one of them niggas who flowin so pitiful 
 Hopin to get with you so when you payin' attention your focus is critical 
 Snappin like a Kodak'll be, hope you get the picture, now Twista you notice I beast 
 Don't flow after me, I'll eat 'em up and then say "Bon appétit" 
 And it'll be so depressin if I talk about everything that bother me 
 Millionaires livin' in the same country as people in poverty 
 So fuck you and your opinion, I'm on my own dominion 
 Street scriptures, hieroglyphics that ain't the book of the Gideons 
 An infinite era I'm in, travellin through a multiverse 
 Keepin' it smooth, I tell a motherfucker come insult me first 
 Can I get ahead of us and I can see you be scared of us 
 And you be talkin' et cetera, et cetera, but everybody'll know what you spit is a replica 
 Of what I do so I'ma just stay hot 
 And I be makin' the cash, and when she ask why I'm away a lot 
 I do it for me and you 
 They wanna know why do I work work (c'mon) 
 Why do I smoke? So I could be turnt turnt (c'mon) 
 Why do I grind? So we can floss floss (c'mon) 
 And why do I shine? Because I'm a boss boss 
 I do it for me and you... c'mon 
 I do it for me and you... c'mon