(Feat. Trillville) 
 What, What 
 Get on my level ho (What) 
 Get on my level ho (You Can't) 
 Get on my level ho (You Can't) 
 Get on my level ho (It's Trillville ho) 
 Get on my level ho (It's Trillville ho) 
 Get on my level ho (It's BME Ho) 
 Get on my level ho (Let's Go!) 
 Bitch nigga you could neva eva, eva eva, eva eva, eva eva eva eva 
 Get on my level ho, 
 Get on my level ho, 
 Get on my level ho, 
 Get on my level ho, [x2] 
 Dirty Mouth: 
 Just like I said get tha fuck back, get up on my level 
 Chack, bread, and chips is all I stack, roll a seven bring it back 
 Neva crapped out cause my pimpin' is too slick for that 
 But if you thank I'm jokin then I guess that's yo ass jack 
 Beat em' down, stomp em' out, you know what I'm talkin' bout 
 Dirty mouth off in this bitch, Trillville we represent 
 Any city, any hood, any state it's all good 
 Wish you links to get up on my level but you never could 
 In tha club, throwin' bo's, niggaz scrillin wit they throat 
 Mean muggin' hard 'cause they crunk off of Rainbow 
 BME is tha clique, North, South, East and West 
 Get up on my level cause my clique is tha fuckin' best 
 Twista: 
 Nigga, I got too many stars, too many stripes, too many focus, and too many pipes, 
 Get up in tha club I'ma kill em' in a fight, 
 Hit em' in tha mouth with a left and a right 
 Fuck yo boyz, fuck yo law, 
 Keep lookin' at me I'ma him em' I'm tha jaw 
 Mac 11, Stoli Caliburs and SK's in tha trunk fo tha hataz if you really wanna brawl 
 See yo bitch, smack a bitch up tha thang, now me got to click 
 Bust yo dome in tha back of it, then I ride to the black cadillac and split 
 If you don't really wanna get tha picture, then I gotta hit you wit real steel 
 Let it ride the I scream you can't fuck wit Twista and Trillville 
 'Cause we got them thangs, got that dust when I'm in da club girl stroke that butt 
 Make them shawtys wanna cut, wit tha spinnaz on tha benz, 24's on tha truck 
 Wood and Leather, you really wanna get ahead a muthafuckaz like me 
 But I'm bringin' betta chedda 
 When it comes to outdoing muthafuckaz like me nigga you could Neva Eva 
 Don Peezy: 
 My My benz look at my Ac, Look at my benz look at my Ac 
 Get on my level hell naw neva that 
 Get on Get on my level hell naw neva that 
 My nigga chill, let a nigga know 
 Yo clique one, My clique foe 
 Lookin' at my watch, time for y'all boyz to go 
 I used to didn't have one but that's when I was broke 
 Always crunk wit my niggaz, usually 
 Always drunk wit my niggaz, usually 
 Thank this shit a joke Mr. D.L Hughley 
 Pump a nigga mouth,?? you feel like losin 
 Yeaaa, now take that, I knew you wasn't real cause all you do is chit chat 
 High and drunky drunky can I get my role back 
 High and drunky drunky can I get my throwback 
 L.A.: 
 L.A off in this bitch, still ain't on my level ho 
 Crunk as fuck ready to buck, you betta duck here come b4 
 Get on tha floe, get down and toss 
 You pass tha meal, I got tha dro' 
 And I'm a pro so what you know about the ATL hoe 
 This where we play, Trillville USA 
 Street times is real, any city, any state 
 In fact you ain't the ?? so catch an pump to yo face 
 These niggaz thank they hard, sweet as muthafuckin cake 
 A cupcake, a mistake hit you dead in tha mouth 
 And what we reppin muthafucka, that dirty south 
 So throw you clique up nigga, we stompin it out 
 And if you smell like trash we takin' you out 
 Let me see you just 
 Run around tha muthafuckin club! 
 Run around tha muthafuckin club! 
 Run around tha muthafuckin club! 
 Run around tha muthafuckin club! 
 Run around tha muthafuckin club! 
 Run around tha muthafuckin club! 
 Run around tha muthafuckin club! 
 Run around tha muthafuckin club!