(Feat. cee-lo, jazze pha and big zak) 
 (Intro: jazzy pha) 
 Woo!ladies and gentlemen you are now tuning in to the very best. (ladies and gentlemen gentlemen gentlemen) 
 One of the most delightful of all time (sho'nuff) 
 Jazzy phizzle c-lo green (sugar low) twista it gets no better baby 
 Hey! you a trapper's delight 
 You an actor's delight 
 You a rapper's delight 
 Hey! say I got to have you mama (I got to have you mama) 
 Say say what's ha'nnin mama 
 Say say say what ha'nnin mama 
 (Verse 1: twista) 
 (Ya boy twista 
 Rappers delight 
 She makes me wanna take it back 
 Imma do it like this) 
 Hey hey you a rappers delight with them thick luxurious thighs 
 I been after yo ass since I been fuck with grand master flash and furious 5 
 When I was bumpin melly mel 
 Before I was makin' hella mills 
 Sportin pelly pel 
 You was thick as hell 
 All my homies in the industry will love you 
 When it comes to suckin dick you lookin' like you lick it well 
 With a ol school fatty 
 Make a nigguh wanna take it back 
 Will you let me hit it from the back? 
 When you come in the room and take it off imma have to brake it off to a old school track 
 When I'm lookin' at the way you be shakin yo rump 
 Be makin' me wanna fuck you for fakinâ the funk 
 And when yo little ghetto bitch mode take place 
 Make a nigguh wanna bump the 1st phase tape 
 It's like a jungle some times that make me wonder how I keep from goinâ under 
 And I wanna be yo lover, but I gotta wear a rubber 
 Though the booty so soft when she tell me take it off I say hu hu hu 
 Twista roll with the trappers tonight 
 You got the type of body actors will like 
 With a ass so fat and titties so big shit girl you a rappers delight 
 Hey! you a trapper's delight 
 You a actor's delight 
 You a rapper's delight 
 Hey! say I got to have you mama (I got to have you mama) 
 Say say what's ha'nnin mama 
 Say say say what ha'nnin mama 
 (Verse 2: big zak) 
 What's up? (what's up) 
 What's happenin'? (what's happenin') 
 Girl I got your ticket let's do some travelin (travelin) 
 We'll leave from the a town and when we touch down ooh girl 
 Air is startin to feel a little breezier 
 On second thought maybe you should just bring your fur word 
 Your looks (you fly) 
 My swag (me too) 
 My style (stay fresh) 
 Yo bag (too cute) 
 Are those new wings? 
 Well these are 
 Just swipe them on my visa 
 Lets stop through vegas 
 Spin the wheel at the palace of young caesar 
 If the plane make your head hurt heres a asprin 
 We on the ski lifts off in aspin 
 So what's up? what's happenin'? 
 Hey! you a trapper's delight 
 You an actor's delight 
 You a rapper's delight 
 Hey! say I got to have you mamma (I got to have you mama) 
 Say say what's ha'nnin mamma 
 Say say say what ha'nnin mama 
 (x2) 
 (Verse 3: c-lo green) 
 So what do you do besides stand around and look pretty? hmmm? 
 Or do you get paid to do that? 
 Aha see, I knew that 
 I bet diddy'll think you're pretty 
 And mekhi phifer gone like you 
 Leave her alone lebron 
 And oh be careful, tyson'll bite cha 
 Wow just like my new place ooh 
 I am going to decorate you 
 And imma be honest 
 Most of the women there are going to hate you 
 But what can you say boo? 
 You all in they way boo 
 Brazilian wax and a facial, that's a busy day boo 
 I mean me taye hank zack pha, everybody okay you 
 And it's your reality 
 I'll get mtv to pay you 
 Or what a fabulous life 
 All in one fabulous night 
 House up on sugar hill 
 You a rapper's delight 
 Hey! you a trapper's delight 
 You an actor's delight 
 You a rapper's delight 
 Hey! say I got to have you mamma (I got to have you mama) 
 Say say what's ha'nnin mama 
 Say say say what ha'nnin mama 
 (x2)