(Feat. R Kelly) 
 (Intro: R. Kelly) 
 Uh, uh (uh-huh) uh 
 Yeah, this is for all the sexy ladies out there 
 Uh... walkin' around downtown 
 Shoppin' at the malls, yeah 
 ... I see you in your sexy jeans 
 Manicure, pedicure mamis 
 Your hair is good, yeah, I see you 
 (Chorus: R. Kelly) 
 LADIES! (You're... so... se-xy) So sexy 
 (Per-fect... for... me) And I like you 
 (You're... so... se-xy) So sexy 
 (Per-fect... for... me) And this is for 
 (Verse One: Twista) 
 My ladies that be steady sippin Cris' 
 Always lookin' nice, put some ice on they belly or they wrist 
 Girls that be thick off in they thigh, I wanna kick it in the Chi 
 They gon' be fuckin' with some Kelly and the Twist' 
 Baby now look, model girls, Gucci and Prada girls 
 And all the ghetto divas in the hood 
 Women that be steady stackin ends 
 Rollin' Lexus or Benz with rims and know how to keep it lookin' good 
 Go on witcha fine thick ass 
 Somebody gon' snatch you so I gotta make you mine quick fast 
 See I come and pass, I don't really wanna wonder 
 So I gotta put her numbers on my sidekick fast 
 Rollin' witcha mob workin hard, gettin' money, pullin capers 
 If I ain't got papers you will bring me some beans home 
 Supervisor givin' orders on the job 
 But you still lookin' good with them skin-tight jeans on 
 Lookin' hot in them heels, I think I want that 
 Come and back it up to the bottom of my throwback 
 With you rollin' yo' rims lookin' like a Kodak 
 Watch I drive I wanna smoke, she will roll that 
 Miss mobstress rollin' with the hardest 
 Holdin' it down like a female Joe Pesci 
 And I wanna make her a made woman 
 And I hope she gon' let me, 'cause she looks so sexy 
 (Interlude: R. Kelly) 
 Oh! And this is for them girls that be wantin - the D 
 And this is for them girls that be lovin' - the D 
 And this is for them girls that be ridin' - the D 
 The ones that like to keep the D up inside 'em now 
 So many girls off up in the mall boy a nigga be in the club (oh!) 
 Soon as one of them walk by me and I be like, "Yo whassup?" 
 (Verse Two: R. Kelly) 
 All the shrimp and lobster honeys, downtown shoppin' honeys 
 Stayin on the grind, gotcha own car and crib honeys 
 Dro puffers, Remi sippers, V.I.P. real honeys 
 No dummies, takin' no shit from a nigga that's full of shit honeys 
 (Verse Three: Twista) 
 Me and my clique was - rollin' thick on 24's on a dirty lick 
 Met a chick, lookin' fine and her measures was 
 36-24-36, come here shorty 
 Ain't no reason to be scared of us 
 Lovin' how you do your own thang 
 And how you smokin' on your own flame 
 Lookin' finer than a girl that be groovin on Soul Train 
 I try to to hit her with some cold game 
 I hope she - feel me; try to holla at a shorty 
 Get a better vibe wit her while I'm sippin on my - Henny 
 I wanna kiss her on her body 
 But I gotta make her holla while I'm givin' her - the D 
 Gotta really love a girl 
 They know to kick it but she know she gotta make that - money 
 Goin' shoppin' for the minks and the leather 
 But come back and bounce that ass - for me 
 My East coast girls, that's what's up 
 Tell my Southside shorties we can get it crunk 
 My Cali girl make it bounce like a six-fo' 
 My Chi girl bust down, make it straight buck 
 When I see up all the girls that get down for hers 
 I gotta get up wit her if she gon' let me 
 Career woman with some goals, fuck the broke-ass hoes 
 Baby girl cause you look so sexy