Yeah, yeah, just how long little momma? I'm coming through in a minute 
 Done here, put that little pink thang on for me, through, twister 
 I'll have you going, have you by the flowing, every time you think of me 
 And when they play my song I'll have you in the phone, sweating and you waiting for me 
 You sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting for me [x2] 
 I see little momma in the mood, she thinkin' about you, she really want bad 
 Body ready for kissin' and huggin and the bear but... call you dad 
 Listen what you gonna be spendind because the words coming out of my mind is pow 
 My hat... I get you... even through you got out the shower 
 He gonna be the a last an hour so you gotta... twisted to get freaky 
 Body dripping with sweater you listen the cutter I bust you go nuts if you see me 
 I wanna pick her out of the mouth when she wrecking another motherfucker to hit it against the hair tool 
 And if they let me gonna be fucking with then let my music get prepared for 
 Scrip from my shot shot caulder,.. fucking with a boulder 
 The ice... marvey get with the flow, I can turn a room with a bear to a sauna 
 And never tells you it's a celebration because you're about to be the one girl 
 And you gonna... and listen to me, you wait for me to come and I'm about to beat it up 
 I'll have you going, have you by the flowing, every time you think of me 
 And when they play my song I'll have you in the phone, sweating and you waiting for me 
 That's right, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting for me [x2] 
 Now even through you're not so classy, you see... when I talk so nasty 
 And I love it when you tell your secret to telly cause you take it out so sassy 
 Look how I touch you when I spike that juice, mmm, do you like that boob? 
 And I got up in the strawberry's a whip cream, 'cause I be loving the way you wipe that fruit 
 I take of piece of them then put it right back, to squeeze the... back 
 And I go down and lick it at the crime,.. you don't know how to act 
 So does... and you be waiting, nobody be sweating but your heart be racing 
 ... Time's a crime, but you're trying to exercise your patience 
 Then I pull up the acupuncture looking... while I'm acting... 
 Then she's telling me the topper, the topper, the topper, until I give away 
 She sais I never let the white... alone and take me home and make me more 
 'Cause I be coming with the shit that makes you hot 
 I think you better turn the AC on 
 I'll have you going, have you by the flowing, every time you think of me 
 And when they play my song I'll have you in the phone, sweating and you waiting for me 
 Oh yeah, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting, sweating and you waiting for me [x2] 
 I know you're hot 
 It's another one for ya, some of you can bump in night 
 When you're getting ready for whoever to come do that 
 You all know how Twista does it 
 2010 gmg baby.