You just popped in the Kanye West 
 Get right for the summer workout tape 
 And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly 
 You might bear to pull you a rapper, a NBA player 
 Man, at least a dude wit' a car 
 So first of all we gon' work on the stomach 
 Nobody wants a little tight ass! 
 1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and 
 Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this 
 Give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave 
 Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed 
 Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed 
 It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited 
 Tell me who's invited, you, your friends and my dick 
 What's scary to me is Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me 
 So excuse me miss, I forgot your name 
 Thank you, God bless you, good night I came, 
 I came, 
 I came, 
 It's been a week without me 
 And she feel weak without me 
 She wanna talk it out but 
 Ain't nothin' to talk about 
 'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out 
 Then maybe we can work it out 
 Work it out (Come on) [Repeat: x4] 
 Work it out now 
 Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on) 
 Oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette 
 My name Kanye from the Jigga set Twista said get it wet 
 Ooh girl your breath is HARSH 
 Cover your mouth up like you got SARS 
 Off them tracks yeah I bought them cars 
 Still killa a nigga on 16 bars 
 We ain't sweatin' to the oldies we jukin to a cold beat 
 Maybe one day girl we can bone 
 So you can brag to all your homies now 
 But I still mess with a big girl if you ain't fit girl I'll hit 
 Girl 
 1 and you brought 2 friends OK 3 more now hop in the Benz 
 Four door do you know the difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8 
 All the mocha lattes you gotta do Pilates 
 You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating 
 Hustlers, gangstas, all us, ballas 
 Hi may name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to 
 Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player 
 And like now I shop every day on Rodeo drive 
 I just want to say, thank you Kanye! woo! woo! woo! 
 My name is Asandra, and I just want to say 
 That ever since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape 
 I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's 
 Put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to 
 Cancun 
 And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck Ray 
 Ray's 
 Broke ass no mo' 
 (Work it mo' juge it mo' pump it mo, Chi-town mo' let's go mo') 
 My name is Alamae from Mobille, Alabama 
 And I just want to say since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape 
 I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide 
 And I rode the plane, rode the plane, rode the plane 
 Thanks to Kanye's workout plan 
 I'm the envy of all my friends 
 See I pulled me a baller man (yeah) 
 And I don't gotta work at the mall again 
 (Lemme break ya wit' a piece of) 
 My favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!) 
 I wanna see you work out (yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah 
 Yeah) 
 (It's that old Michael Jackson shit) 
 That's right put in work, move your ass, go wizzerk 
 Get your salad, no dessert 
 Get that man you deserve 
 It's Kanye's workout plan 
 I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen) 
 It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself) 
 His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (This time around I want y'all to clap 
 Like this) 
 That's right put in work 
 Move your ass, go wizzerk 
 Eat your salad, no dessert 
 Get that man you deserve (Stop!) 
 It's Kanye's workout plan (Ok bring) 
 I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired) 
 It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not, cause on this one I need ya) 
 His workout plan (to give me a soul clap OK? double time) 
 That's right put in work (Woo!) 
 Move your ass, go wizzerk (Ow! 
 Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!) 
 Get that man you deserve 
 That's right put in work (Put in work) 
 Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk) 
 Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert) 
 Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh) 
 That's right put in work (That's right put in work) 
 Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk) 
 Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert) 
 Get that man you deserve (Woo!) 
 (Okay, okay, okay, that's, that'd be good) 
 (I appreciate your time) 
 I want to see you work out for me 
 Whoa yeah