<Who is the man with the master plan? (x2) 
 DJ Mister Cee 
 Who is the man with the master plan? 
 He goes by the name of the Big Daddy Kane 
 Then it goes a little something like this...> 
 Yes, here we go, on with the show 
 As the rhythm of this starts to flow 
 No matter the tempo, fast or slow 
 Get up and dance cause the Kane said so 
 This is the dance floor groove of the album 
 Presented to you all live from Calvin 
 Whoops! I meant to say Mister Cee 
 The disc jockey down with me, the 
 Microphone lord, my wisdom is a sword 
 Try to get with us, and get floored 
 Some DJ's try to front, but yo don't let them fool you 
 Cause wine is fine, but Calvin is cooler 
 Jump up and down, and eh, and all around and 
 Check out the way that my DJ is sounding 
 On the turntables to keep the crowd stable 
 Killing the cuts putting bodies on a record label 
 And just for the symphony 
 Here comes the M.I.S.T.E.R.C.E.E. 
 Taking a stand like a band 
 Mister Cee got a master plan 
 Hit it! 
 <Who is the man with the master plan? 
 DJ Mister Cee... on the mix> (x4) 
 <Kane speaking as Cee cuts it up: 
 Whooo! yeah, warm it up, Cee... uh! 
 C'mon now, make it happen, make it happen 
 Go hit me one more time, c'mon Cee warm it up 
 Yeah... that sounds funky! 
 I, I mean like extra crazy stooopid def! 
 Hit some of them transformers hops 
 Again, again, again 
 Uh! Uh! Uh! 
 Now, yo, tell yourself a song> 
 <Getting ready to, (various samples), oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (x12) 
 (Samples, in order): play it, let go, feel it, come out, clap to this, 
 Move your body, get fresh, go go go, I'll do it, do it again, hit me, 
 Hnn--drop!> 
 <Big Daddy Kane in the house! 
 Big Daddy (x2) Biz: huh, huh! (x2) 
 My man, my mellow> 
 <Who is the man with the master plan? 
 DJ Mister Cee... on the mix> (x4) 
 <Oh Mister Cee, Oh Mister Cee...> 
 <Kane: Now, just to let you know 
 I go by the name of Big Daddy Kane 
 I got my DJ Mister Cee in the place to be 
 Also the engineer all-star Marley Marl 
 Now yo, cut, won't you do me a favor 
 And tell these party people where you from> 
 <LG, LG, LG... rock on, rock on...> 
 <Kane: now, since we on the tip of our neighborhood, 
 Won't you tell them where I'm from?> 
 <Lewis... Avenue! Lewis... Avenue!...> 
 <Kane: Okay, now I got a brother by the name of Mad Money Merc 
 Now he come from NA Rock 
 I got two dancers, Scoob Lover, Scrap Lover 
 They come from the place known as Brownsville 
 My barber name is Smooth, he come from Whitecourt 
 Also, we got the engineer all-star Marley Marl in the place to be 
 And he come from the area known as the Bridge 
 Now yo...> 
 <Mister Cee interrupts: yo, hold up Kane! 
 You done said all your names on your record 
 It's time to say names on my record now 
 Yo, I want to say what's up to my man ATL 
 My man Shack Money 
 My man Shep Love and the entire LG Posse 
 I wanna say what's up to my man Moose Love 
 My man Nut, Sambo, Heado, the TCF dancers 
 Yo, I want to say what's up to Dawn 
 I want to say what's up to Nicola 
 My man Rhythm Shawn, Shimsho, Yam Love, 
 Spike D, Willie D, NA Rock, Chicago, yo! 
 Yo! I can't hold it back! <It's over, it's over> 
 Later for it, yo! <Shut the fuck up!> 
 What's up?! 
 To the whole...(cracks up) 
 Nigga dissed me!