Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go: 
 Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't eeeeeee-zy) 6x 
 Greg Nice 
 One-two-three-four, to five-six-seven 
 Eight, nine-ten, then ya got eleven 
 Twelve, thirteen, start your age; 
 Fourteen-fifteen-sixteen, the pubic stage 
 Like an apple, like a cherry, like a peach, like a plum 
 Better get off the virgin before I cuuuuum! 
 Pick up my pants and thump and thump 
 I think I'll call up Tootie, she'll give me some 
 Watch out, watch out I'm drippin' live scum 
 I say damn, I love the way I make my posse roll-a 
 'Specially if the hoochie's on birht control-a 
 Lift her up just like a pick up truck 
 Then I sat her down and we started to fuck 
 Made whoopie, made whoopie, made whoopie, YO-O-O-O-O! 
 I hope this time I don't make a cookie 
 Brothers everywhere be callin' me a rookie 
 Two from the Greg Nice from the o-o-old schoooooool 
 But bullshit, I ain't no fool, 'cause 
 Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go: 
 Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't eeeeeee-zy) 6x 
 Big Daddy Kane 
 Well, I say... Extra! Extra! 
 Here is a bachelor comin' straight at ya 
 I see trim and bag it, take it home and rag it 
 The Big Daddy law is anti-faggot 
 That means no homosexuality; 
 What's in my pants'll make you see reality 
 And if you wanna see a smooth black Casanova -- BEND OVAH! 
 'Cause I don't half-step when it comes to broads 
 The K-A-N-E'll go the whole nine yards 
 There's no time for coversation my dear 
 [MOAN!] is all I wanna hear 
 So let's make a move, as I get smooth 
 'Cause the purpose I serve is to soothe 
 I'm tall, dark and handsome and all that junk 
 Even white girls be sayin' "Ooh, Kane's a hunk!" 
 Even Puerto Rican girls be callin' me papi 
 Some try to copy, but they look sloppy 
 So imitators who wanna step to a 
 Brother like me, lick my manure! 
 Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go: 
 Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't eeeeeee-zy) 6x 
 Smooth B 
 I'm just goin' and I'm flowin' like a gigolo 
 And when I used to be with Scott, I was a Super-Hoe 
 But now I'm coolin' with Kane and Greg N-I-C-E 
 And if the girlies want my tip they gotta pay a fee 
 I love bonin', and all my friends they will agree 
 That when it comes to pimpin' hoes... it ain't easy 
 First name: Smooth. Last name: B 
 WHen I'm bonin' a girl, I make her feel heavenly 
 I like to make 'em wait, and then make 'em beg 
 And when I take off my clothes, the I form a third leg 
 They rub it with oils and suck it with ice 
 Now I'm sweating... my mind is in paradise... 
 Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go: 
 Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't eeeeeee-zy) 6x 
 Scoob Lover 
 Tip-tip-toein', Scoob Lover's out hoein' 
 Braggin' to the fellas how my flattop was growin' 
 Buyin' drinks for the ladies, money I was blowin' 
 Right in front of me... mmm... not even knowin' 
 A brown-skinned cutie; big, plump booty 
 Nametag earrings readin' off "Tootie" 
 Bullseye, bing, the girl of my dreams; 
 From my eyesight that was what it seemed 
 I said, uh, "Come a little bit closer" 
 To Scoob that night, choice guy, she said "Hi 
 Hi... hi, I've really been wantin' to meet you 
 I just got paid and I'll be very glad to treat you 
 How 'bout dinner, a Salisbury steak?" 
 I said, "Sorry Honey-Dip, but I already ate" 
 So I nudged the other girlies off my shoulder 
 Went for Tootie 'cause the girl was much older 
 East to the Benz, I slowly walked; 
 Clearing out my throat so I cold start my smooth talk 
 Sex in my mind, I was sure of it... 
 I wanted to tax that ass like the government! 
 Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go: 
 Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't eeeeeee-zy) 6x 
 Ant Live 
 Well, it's Friday night, ain't a damn thing funny -- 
 Bitch better have my money