Lean on me! (2x) 
 "Big daddy kane, a teacher.." (2x) 
 "Big daddy... big daddy.." 
 "Goes a little somethin' like this!" 
 "Can I get a yes" (4x) 
 "Just lean on me" -> kane *cut 'n' scratched* 
 (Big daddy kane) 
 "Can I get a yes? " no "why? " I ain't happy 
 'Cause I came back for these troubles to grab me 
 And they've gotten a hold on me 
 My oh my, things ain't what they used to be 
 Looks to me like eastside got problems 
 Now it's time to see what we can do to solve them 
 Change for the better, letter 
 New rule be enforced in school so we can get rid of 
 All the bad apples in the bunch 
 Clean up the wall and cook better lunch 
 Put the students in class where they should be 
 To stop roamin the halls, and oh could we 
 Please, eliminate the drug situation 
 Stop smokin' and get an education 
 Point blank, let's change the whole scenery 
 You need help? well hey, lean on me 
 "Just lean on me" -> kane *cut 'n' scratched* 
 "Lean on me!" -> 2x 
 "Whattaya do in a situation like this? " 
 "Special mix" 
 "Please! like this... like this.." 
 "Whattaya do in a situation like this? " 
 "Like this" -> *cut 'n' scratched* 
 "Goes a little somethin' like... like.." 
 (Big daddy kane) 
 Whattaya do in a situation like this? 
 Get tough - or get dissed 
 The job is yours to play the boss enforce the laws 
 Because the source is knowledge, wanna go to college? 
 Or wannabe garbage? 
 It's up to do so what you gonna do 
 I-i prefer to learn, cause this is for your own concern 
 You gotta-you gotta earn, however the world turns 
 So wake up-wake up, to put some sense in your head 
 Don't be-don't be mislead, use your brain instead 
 Because-because a brother like me, can't understand you 
 Playin' yourself cheap, like a soggy old pamper 
 Since I'm-since I'm around, I'm destined and bound 
 To resurrect and perfect the entire school around 
 The whole-the whole entourage, a class so large 
 Under joe clark, "i am the head [nigga] in charge!" 
 The man-the man with the master plan for discipline 
 Makin' changes-makin' changes, no matter what we twist or bend 
 You may not-you may not understand what this mean to me 
 But for your-but for your own good... just lean on me 
 "Just-just-just-just" 
 "For your own good" "special mix" 
 "You may not understand what this mean to me 
 But for your own good... just lean on me" 
 "Just lean on me" -> *cut 'n' scratched* 
 "Big daddy kane, a teacher.." (4x) 
 "Special mix" 
 "Goes a little somethin' like this!" 
 ... "Special mix" (2x) 
 "Goes a little somethin' like... like.." 
 "Big daddy kane, a teacher.." *cut 'n' scratched 2x* 
 "..Teachin a lesson" *cut 'n' scratched 2x* 
 "..Teachin a lesson to be heard, that's word" 
 "Can I hear a yes? " (2x) 
 (Big daddy kane) 
 "Can I hear a yes? " yes! "why? " things are better 
 And we are finally, workin together 
 In unity, and you're soon to see 
 Eastside high as a better place to be 
 The students, the pupils, have morals and scruples 
 Our learning ability is increased quadrupled 
 And we're off to a brand new start 
 I played my part to prove that you're smart 
 And it's proven, but I ain't movin, I won't be gone 
 I'm here, when you need someone to lean on 
 So take heed to this as a blessing and remember... 
 Ain't no "half-steppin" 
 Get in full gear, I'm sure that you'll care 
 In the long run, when you got pull here 
 That means authority 
 "R-e-s-p-e-c-t" word! 
 So let knowledge uproot ya 
 Go for yours, 'cause we are the future 
 The ones who rise to supremecy 
 And if you ever need a hand, just lean on me 
 * More cuttin', scratchin, and samples to fade*