(Female reporter) 
 The definition of sex varies with many people 
 In search of a few ways to define it 
 We asked actor/comedian Mr. Dolemite his definition of sex 
 And his response was... 
 (Dolemite) 
 Baby, sex is just like puttin' money in the bank 
 Once you take it out, the interest is all gone 
 (Female reporter) 
 Then we asked rap star Big Daddy Kane his definition of sex 
 And well *clears throat* according to the Prince of Darkness... 
 (Big Daddy Kane) 
 Here comes Kane the mack, the sex maniac 
 Bring on the honies and you can't restrain me back from ff... 
 ... Nah I better not say the whole word 
 So uh, let's just say what make Whoopi like Goldberg 
 'Cause I wanna make you sweat, get you wet 
 Perform a miracle in this love duet, see baby 
 I play the game like Keno, plus I know the 
 +Scent of a Woman+ better than Al Pacino 
 And when it comes to girls, I show no mercy 
 They lick me on the chest and say, 'To hell with Hershey' 
 Now it's time for me to lick that body 
 And this is no +Ordinary Love+, ask Sade 
 Baby you're bound to perspire, when I use 
 The nipples on your breasts just like a pacifier 
 Honey please, keep your body at ease 
 And let me see what I can do with those 34 C's 
 I plan to lick your bellybutton my dear 
 And let my tongue walk five steps downstairs 
 The way that I plan to put this chocolate syrup to use 
 I'm gonna wake up in the mornin with a hairy sweettooth 
 And now you're under my spell like a magician 
 Abra-cadabra, good sex and I have ya 
 Laid out, waitin for a big treat 
 I'm not the Ku Klux Klan but I stay under sheets 
 And when it comes to sex, yo I'm the illest 
 Plus I know more +Diff'rent Strokes+ than Arnold and Willis 
 I make you feel the reel to reel you feel 
 When I break the headboard down like Shaquille 
 Then bend over doggy style and just watch me 
 Ride yo' black ass like I was still filmin +Posse+ 
 Then I'm the one that gets the job done 
 My mattress have more bodies than Al Capone's, gun 
 When I get through givin' you mine, uh 
 Girls be callin me back like *69 
 So come on over here hottie, let me just 
 'Work that body, work that body' 
 Uh-huh, uh-huh... 
 Straight like that... 
 Aiyyo 
 How many real niggaz out there like to have sex 
 C'mon, just? 
 I said how many real niggaz out there like to have sex 
 C'mon, just? 
 And say SEX (SEX!) 
 Say AND MORE SEX (AND MORE SEX!) 
 Say I LIKE IT (I LIKE IT) 
 And say I LOVE IT (I LOVE IT) 
 Say I NEED IT (I NEED IT) 
 Say I EAT IT (I EAT IT... Whoa SHIT) 
 Yeah 
 Well keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah 
 Ah keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah uh 
 Keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah 
 Keep it on baby baby, keep it on