He has arrived, at the Apollo 
 Can I see the peace sign up in the air? 
 You know what this is? 
 The wrath of Kane, takin' over your circumference 
 Destroyin' negativity, and suckers that come with 
 The weak, the wack, the words, they're poor 
 I thrash bash clash mash and ten more 
 Blow up the scenery, I reign supremer, see 
 You need a savior to save ya, so lean on me 
 I'm playin' rappers like a haunted ghost 
 And stomp 'em out like a watered roach 
 I slay my pray and they decay, I blow away and throw away 
 So go away, 'cause I don't play 
 Attackin' like a psychopath breakin' rappers in half 
 So feel the wrath of Kane! 
 The man at hand, to rule and school and teach 
 And reach the blind to find their way from A to Z 
 And be the most, and boast the loudest rap 
 Kane'll reign your domain! 
 The heat is on, so feel the fire 
 Come off the empire, all the more higher 
 Level of def one step beyond dope 
 You suckers all scope and hope to cope but NOPE 
 'Cause I can never let 'em on top of me 
 I play 'em out like a game of Monopoly 
 Let us beat around the ball like an Astro 
 Then send 'em to jail for tryin' to pass Go 
 Shakin' 'em up, breakin' 'em up, takin' no stuff 
 But it still ain't loud enough 
 So Mister Cee let the volume grow 
 So I can flow, now yo 
 Juice Crew's the family, Slick Rick's a friend of me 
 And Doug E. Fresh, Stet', KRS and Public Enemy 
 Blase blah, you know who you are 
 The red black and green, the sun moon and star 
 Knowledge of Self, degree of twenty-one after 
 Peace in the name of I Self Lord and Master 
 I come to teach and preach and reach and each 
 With the speech every leecher I'm impeach 
 Drop science and build with math 
 And the dumb deaf and blind'll feel the wrath, of Kane! 
 Marley Marl break it down! 
 Line by line, chapter after chapter 
 Like a pimp on the street, I got a rap ta 
 Those who chose to oppose, friend or foes I still dispose 
 Blow 'em out like afros 
 Too many rappers have fronted to get a name out 
 Yellin' and screamin' and jeerin' but still came out 
 Off the wall as butter soft-er y'all 
 So you waited for Kane, to come after all 
 Competition, that bite and chew and crunch and munch 
 To play me out position, you on a mission 
 But stop lyin' and tryin' to front adventures 
 Your rhymes are more false than dentures 
 Freeze, as I get warm like a heater 
 Bite like a mosquito, but still can't complete a 
 Rhyme or find the time to design a line 
 Or phrase that pays, so you down in rhyme 
 I get busy from sun to sun 
 Only twenty-one, untouched by anyone 
 No one throws, bangs or blows 
 All foes I keep 'em runnin' like pantyhose 
 They got soft and tender, front and they'll surrender 
 I turned off more lights than Teddy Pendergrass 
 Bring on the trial, war be my style 
 But when I'm in effect, they feel the wrath, of Kane! 
 Alright, pump your fists in the air like this y'all 
 C'mon let me see the fists in the air 
 C'mon y'all 
 And let me hear you say yeah, c'mon 
 (Yeah) 
 C'mon now, yeah, c'mon! 
 (Yeah) 
 Everybody, yeah, what? 
 (Yeah) 
 Yeah, c'mon 
 (Yeah) 
 And say hoe-oh (hoe-oh) hoe-oh (hoe-oh) 
 Say yo baby, yo baby, yo 
 (Yo baby, yo baby, yo!) 
 And just throw your hands in the air 
 And wave 'em like you just don't care 
 If you're gettin' cash money and not welfare 
 Somebody say, ooh yeah! (ooh yeah!) 
 Ooh yeah! (ooh yeah) 
 Apollo Theater, I love y'all 
 Peace!