I think for the most part, our generation is filled with a bunch of fucking cowards. And I say that man because, we beef amongst each other. We kill and we shoot each other in our own hoods and we bang each other, we won't bang cops. Know what I'm saying. And one things these motherfuckas in America know they know we ain't gone do shit 
 I'm grippin the NINA 
 Visions of 9-11 
 Visions of 3 sixes no sevens 
 This is Bushanomics 
 George is a modern day Ronald Reagan 
 I pray to god in the midst of payment 
 Niggas I'm just saying 
 When do we stop playin' 
 When do we stop pimpin' and start sprayin 
 50 shots for every cop that pop sean bell His body layin 
 But they aquitt 
 'Cause they know that our generation won't do shit 
 Nothing, nada 
 But every rapper is a shotta or a don dotta 
 Or a killer 
 But you ain't killin' nothing in this piece 
 Unless it's another nigga 
 Trying to raise boys to super men 
 And while I'm at it fuck author j coopermen 
 It's never just-us for blacks 
 But they send just us to iraq 
 With poor whites and latinos 
 I pray to god that you hear this single 
 This is banners middle finger 
 Y'all yeah! 
 I've been waiting in the hood for so long (so long) 
 I've been waiting in the hood for so long (so long) 
 For some niggas to stand up in here 
 We some soldiers and we have no fear 
 Mrs. Catherine Johnston 
 Was murdered by police 
 In North West Atlanta 
 But I don't hear it in the streets 
 Where the anger in the hood for this old lady dyin' 
 DC six ain't shit but cops lyin' 
 Ain't shit but bullets flying 
 39 slugs Undercovers fuck the law 
 This was somebody damn grandmother (grandmother) 
 And she died over crack sells 
 Crooked ass cops or some niggas tryin' to flip yale 
 You ain't have to sell it in her yard 
 You ain't trappin bitch you yapping to the motherfucking guards 
 And I got a damn question 
 Why the city ain't pissed off 
 When I know y'all heard shots and a old lady got hauled off 
 Y'all yeah! 
 I wanna see a nigga ride for something dog. Fight for something, fight anybody but your motherfucking self nigga. We sell drugs but we don't sell drugs to ourselves. We bang but we only bang on ourselves. We do every fucking negative thang and niggas so hard, niggas on radios, on cds, on tapes, and on movies; they got guns, they got pistols, but ain't nobody shootin at nothing but they self. Fear is the only thing that people respect. We forgive everybody but our self. These cops gonna have to fear something. Something gonna have to happen. If y'all gonna march, march to the motherfucking cops house my nigga. Make these motherfuckas fear something dude. They got us scared. They got niggas scareed to go to strip clubs nigga, you know. Shit. My nigga like, something gotta happen. I'll say it my nigga 'cause I ain't scared. I ain't scared of shit. I'm scared of god, I'm scared of god first, and I'm scared of taking the blessing that god has given me and leading somebody down the wrong path