Rick Sanchez - taken from a CNN interview regarding Derrion Albert: 
 But what is that? I-I just gotta ask you though 
 Because at that moment (yeah...) where you have that brick 
 Or where you have th-that that two-by-four 
 And you're bus- about to bust the skull 
 Of a fellow human being open with it 
 And you're about to crush him or kill him or stomp him or kick him 
 When he's on the ground bleeding already 
 SOMETHING'S gotta be real WRONG... 
 (Chorus: Lisa Ivey (David Banner)) 
 If you look at all the hurt, look at all the pain 
 People are DYYYYING and it's SUCH a shaaaame... 
 They know something's wrong (But won't nobody say it) 
 They know something's wrong (But won't nobody say it) 
 They know something's wrong (But won't nobody say it) 
 (I'll put it in a record, but will anybody play it?) 
 David Banner: 
 In Chi-Town, D. Albert's laying on the ground 
 His life bleeds away while other folks stand around 
 We gangstas, but we cain't stop the pain in our town 
 I watched it on the net and that moment was profound 
 The OG'z gotta put the BG'z in check 
 I'm tryna do sum'hin but I need y'all help 
 We started gangbangin to protect ourself 
 Now it's power and respect to kill everything for wealth (wealth) 
 ... And it's the same thing in rap 
 You tell the kids to stay hood and you ain't even in the trap 
 He ain't never sell dope, he ain't never did time 
 And if you did, why would you want them to walk the same lines? (YEA-Ah!) 
 It's like we travel back in time 
 Took the whip with the crack, now it's black-on-black crime 
 Yeah, we put our cities on the map 
 But they call it the trap because most hoods are just that - a trap! 
 YEH! 
 David Banner: 
 Mr. President, you know that some people still racist? 
 Jimmy Carter said it, you didn't have to underplay it 
 Huh, but I guess you got a plan 
 Police is still killin' our young black man 
 Ah, I meant young black men 
 It's less of us in college and more us in the pen (in the pen) 
 Huh, I guess it's the devil's den 
 You ain't trippin', you aight, it's more of our friends 
 That's dyin' in these streets, so I'm a die over this beat 
 If I die off in these streets, I'm a let the blood leak 
 Whisper, "God forgive me" - Then bury me in the creeks of Mississippi 
 And I'm a take the whole world with me like... 
 David Banner: 
 Women playin' men but why do men play women? 
 I saw one in UGG boots and real tight denims 
 Man, he had Apple Bottoms on 
 So I walked over to him and I asked, "What's wrong? What's wrong?" 
 He said, "What's wrong with you?! 
 Ain't nothin' wrong with me, this is the life that I choose 
 This is what I do" So I said, "What's the use? 
 But if it's man on man, how the hell we reproduce?" 
 Ah, test tube baby 
 He said, "Uh, David Banner, I remember when he raped me 
 Take me to the bed, binded both legs 
 I blanked out and woke up in a pool of red 
 Ah, that changed my whole world 
 Like that's my stepdad, thought, that I shoulda been a girl" 
 Man, this is more than a song 
 Our kids are dyin' fast, there I said it, somethin's wrong 
 YEH! 
 Rick Sanchez: 
 I agree with you. I think there are people out there 
 Who could possibly, very well be unsalvageable 
 And maybe we as a society started- need to start treating them 
 As if they are, just that - unsalvageable. [echoes] 
 David Banner: 
 That's a lie, we gon' save our kids!