Isn't it strange what life is, what life ain't and lil niggas still think it's a game 
 You wanna black president, but we ain't ready for change, 
 Lil chain round ya neck like we still slaves 
 My lil 'cause comin' up he wanna be in the game 
 My other 'cause got knocked and he givin' up names 
 Penalty flag what part of the game is that 
 Man the streets too hot, but I don't be in the trap no mo 
 We too familiar with them 6 by 4s my nigga 
 I'm too finish had to hit and go and I ain't trickin what you sweatin me foe... hoe 
 Now you a lady of God I think you playin' with God ma 
 I'll take ya mo serious but you put it in my car 
 Monday through Thursday you ain't thought about church 
 But Saturday you splurgin for a skirt for service to hear the word... that's absurd 
 (Isn't it strange) I used to understand but now I overstand the governments plan to cuff 
 A brother man and let another man raise his seed 
 Do atleast its biological they all got beef 
 It's all part of the scheme we all part-ly beat 
 The cops target the weak and make us live in the beast 
 But if I pull and release them pigs will pull out the sheets 
 And have a nigga hemmed up for possession 
 I'm stressin 'cause it's strange to me it's all plain to see 
 Y'all dudes is rockin' tight jeans like a dani-ty but you bangin' the heat 
 You a G I'm a G too can't compare me to yo style ya see through 
 Homie ya like rainbow day ya too gay 
 I see you niggas in extensions man what happened to fades 
 Folks is playin' both sides that why she playin' with aids 
 Man we livin' in the day and time where we stand for nothin' fall for anything and everything they say is fine... yeah! 
 (Big Remo) 
 Our black women play momma and daddy while daddy ride around all day flossin his caddy 
 He got the 24s spinnin 3 or 4 women but he's much too busy for the kids to come visit 
 So he send 'em to his sister and her baby father been trippin' 
 And they stuck dab in the middle you need to sit yaself down a minute and kiss em 
 Now you in child support court tryin' to claim that you miss em... oh really 
 Why they take Tupac and Biggie ya dig, Martin and Malcolm Huey the Black Panther. 
 (Banner) 
 Isaac and Bernie Mac died back to back got the soul man and Oprah ain't happy 
 She fat again... Yeah 
 (Big Remo) 
 And why us blacks ain't accept by Africans 
 If y'all know the answers then share with ya next of kin yeah 
 Cause half the niggas around my way tryin' to find a way 
 But the guidance strayed... I'm sayin' 
 (Banner) 
 See man I was jus sittin' back wondering like, when I die and I bow to my knees 
 When I meet the maker like, what am I gonna say that I did with this blessing call music 
 (We) kings and queens y'all, and when the souths time over I want 'em to know that we 
 Was more than jus gold teeth... mo than jus white tees... you know what I'm talkin' bout my nigga... mo than ass and titties... But 9th wonder I love titties