Yeah you know its in me 
 This ya boy Too Short 
 I got dat pimpin' in me man 
 And I will... 
 Take your bitch 
 I'll take your bitch. And you won't say shit 
 'Cause you a pussy-ass nigga you know 
 You a pussy-ass nigga you know, I step back 
 And I'll take your bitch. And you won't say shit 
 'Cause you a pussy-ass nigga you know 
 You a pussy-ass nigga you know. I step back 
 And just like that 
 She's gone out of your life 
 I know you going home, but not with ya wife 
 Something went wrong, she looked hot tonight 
 A real player showed up, and popped her right 
 You want her back, but I don't think she comin' 
 Unless I make her cum... and I ain't frontin 
 Don't wanna make her my ho... ust had to have that bitch 
 'Cause you a bitch-ass nigga wit a bad ass bitch. bitch-nigga 
 You know, all bitches ain't women 
 You can make a hundred calls and won't get 'em back pimpin' 
 Try everything you know; it's the "L" and the "O". It's the "V" and the "E" 
 I can tell she a pro. She must have had a lot of practice 
 Kept her back on the mattress. Either I'm fuckin' her good, or she's a damn good actress 
 All that screamin and hollerin, man she need to go home 
 I told her cum, take ya slutty ass and leave me alone. Punk bitch! 
 I know you (?) for them bitches, but you playin' super-thug 
 Man you hollerin' you a pimp, but holding hands in da club 
 She a slut, she a ho, and you knew it from the start 
 I put that dick in her mouth, you put love in ya heart 
 Throw somethin' at ya boy in tha clique 
 But the truth is you sick, 'cause I fucked yo bitch! 
 Shot cum in her mouth, a nigga ask her for a kiss 
 The golden shower is the only time that yo bitch get this 
 Got (?) got da gat, head to ya crib 
 I done wrecked yo car, man them probably my kids 
 (On the other hand they not... man she swallowed that shit) 
 Man the truth is ya girl like to swallow dat dick! 
 So bow down to a pimp when a nigga come through 
 And you betta hide ya grandma 'cause I'll fuck her too 
 Crippled nieces, blind aunt, and you slut-ass cousins 
 Man I love a dirty ass, 'cause you never see me comin' dumb bitch! 
 Well I was comin' down Candy wit dem twenty six inch rims 
 Rippin' da (?) just mindin my own business 
 Pull up in the parking lot at da twenty four hour Wendy's 
 Smokin' weed in front of (?) laughin' at broke bitches 
 And bam! 
 God is my witness, she tapped on my window 
 I thought it was da "5-0", sweatin us for that endo 
 But naw, it was ya wife, da neighborhood Bimbo 
 She lookin' right, not too thick or too slim though 
 "What you ova here fo'? I don't understand 
 I don't know you from (?), is you lookin' for yo man? 
 'Cause I don't fuck wit dat nigga, so don't ask me about him 
 And I don't smoke wit hoes if I don't know where they mouth been" 
 Told her to move around, but she wouldn't leave 
 "Ho, you gone bow down to this (?) and let a pimp breathe" 
 She got down on her knees, begging me, please, to break her off 
 I ain't even want yo bitch homeboy, but I'll take her