(Feat. Jazze Pha) 
 Jazze Pha: 
 Woo... Oh 
 She looks so beautiful don't you agree 
 Girl, you know what I think you should do right now, 
 You should take off all your clothes, 
 Every Article of clothing. 
 Except for the... leave the pumps on girl, I like that... 
 Enough of the kissin' and huggin... 
 We should be touching, on the bed on the couch now, 
 Touching, Touching, Touching, From the front to living room, 
 We should be touching, on the bed on the couch now, 
 Touching, Touching, Touching, From the front to living room, 
 David Banner: 
 Let them boys makin' love, let me touch you from the back, 
 Hair pullin hot wax, they won't do it like that, 
 They can't do it like this, they won't tie you by your wrist, 
 And spank your lil sexy ass, run quick. 
 Yeah, I know you hard at work, 
 Yeah, I know your boss a jerk, 
 You can come to the flatter, tie you up wit ya skirt, 
 Let ya man make love, let me bring you to the crib, 
 Oh big city girl, let me show ya where I live, 
 Got a pond in the front, got a lake in the back, 
 If you want to pop the trunk we could do it in the lac, 
 Gotta a dick like a horse let me see ya take that. 
 Girl gon lose your mind let my love touch your spine, 
 Run 4 or 5 times south side bump and grind, 
 Young ladies stand in line but I wanna touch you, 
 And all your freaky dreams I wanna make 'em come true, 
 Like touchin on the back porch gon let it out, 
 Or we could touch in time square I'll make ya scream dirty south, 
 Damn I ain't tryin' a ruin a thing, but I will make ya scream my name, (David Banner), 
 Yeah, my G5 just an airplane pick it how ya want it girl pleasure or pain, 
 Yeah, cause ya dealin' with a mac now, gon and tell your friends that I'll be back out. 
 When you step into the crib, get in your birthday suit, 
 Girl leave on your heels, and get it right for daddy, 
 I guarantee your satisfaction, 
 I hope your ready for action, I'm in the mood, 
 Baby, Oh yeah yeah, 
 Ladies and gentlemen it's Ban and the Phizzle, 
 Put your back into it, gonna work a little, (make it hurt a little), 
 When I hit it from the back Girl...