This is what happens when the [?] gets to rapping 
 And your woman gets to asking for them needs, needs, needs 
 A little, sugar and cinnamon 
 [?] Panties but I'm swimming in, wetness around my peninsula 
 Her and her woman friend captain, navigate like Morgan till the morning 
 And the, Henny was empty, Spiced rum made me sin again 
 It's fun and games until feelings get involved 
 And with them unanswered texts watch how craziness evolves 
 Until she falls out of position with all the bitches 
 Knowing I'm a skinny family guy, on my Peter Griffin 
 Ass fat and dumb as well, who wouldn't want to stick in it? 
 She craving wood to fall between her thighs like Timber, land 
 Step in terrains, I hash swayed in the rain 
 Fucked up my steez, a sidepiece trying to be my main dang 
 Went cold turkey on her, threatened my name 
 Saying she hope I die, that Al-Qaeda blow up my plane 
 I'm glad I came, not in ya, I have the wants of a sinner 
 Before your needs I'm a Indian giver 
 This is what happens when the [?] gets to rapping 
 And your woman gets to asking for them needs, needs, needs 
 Either she love me or she hate, either way she crazy 
 Rumor had it, the chick had to pay me just to date me 
 She kept me on repeat, but she could never play me 
 Thinking just because I beat I'ma give your ass a baby? 
 Baby listen, takes one in a million to be my lady 
 Let alone what I put in a song could never make me put the smash on the mash potatoes 
 It's all gravy, tell a nigga like a bitch with Clippers, you can't fade me 
 Hit the barber for the taper, 'fore I call Tracy 
 Now my ex wanna trace my steps like Dick Tracy 
 Chill on the pills love, you think I'm dicking Tracy? 
 She sounded out that M and M, Slim Shady 
 Bitch you been broke, I get paid for days that I been poor 
 Ask bails and cats outta jail, what you been for? 
 Even though I'm pimping you won't find me with no bimbo 
 Plus you know I can't hear your ass once I close that Benz door, So 
 Um, yeah 
 This is what happens when the [?] gets to rapping 
 And your woman gets to asking for them needs, needs, needs 
 She stuck in that material complex, reaching all in my pockets 
 Shawty making my arms stretch 
 Like I be hearing you rapping bout that already on shit 
 And I don't know where you headed or where your mind be going 
 Word 
 Bands'll make her dance, but make her submit a plan 
 Mama was drinking white, I was off that [?] 
 She like "I know you 19, on your grown man" 
 Pay for rent for my momma, let her hold [?] 
 Niggas is just [?], girl you should fuck with me 
 Long as you comfort me, we can live comfortably 
 I shop at Louis V, quite occasionally 
 Custom Damier wallet and [?] 
 I'm on that fly shit, my car ride quick 
 I spit that shit that boost a young nigga confidence 
 Just ride with me, die with me, don't be talking shit 
 Yeah, and it's all legit 
 This is what happens when the [?] gets to rapping 
 And your woman gets to asking for them needs, needs, needs