Uh, yeah, I bet a 10 say she like my style 
 Huoney she like the flow, money they go dummy 
 Go [?] it and wanna buy a boat 
 My flow be like that 110, nothing running from end to end 
 Again, again, black berry caddy with that vanilla trim 
 Yellow bones miss that old me, yellow gold me 
 I'm just a young, g on my own getting my OG on 
 Oh we on? Niggas gon' get on and get ghost 
 Me? nah I'm grown I'ma get on and get more 
 Fuck did you thought boy, I bought the shit, to floss the bitch, bitch 
 If you lost, hop off my dick and get a starter kit, kid 
 Parking boss, that cherry gloss from off the lips 
 Onto the car my nigga get in and kiss the tint 
 Tits, tops off uh, model thoughts, bottle tops off 
 Popping hollows at your hollow thoughts, south boss 
 Back to south park, pimp shit, don't be sipping in my car 
 Save that whip creme for the supreme, we go hard 
 No question who you riding with 
 She said I get it wetter than Poseidon, so wet I'm sliding in 
 Told her don't be squirting in my ride again, messing up my interior lining 
 Blunts got me higher shit, niggas [?] in the game and getting they hymen ripped 
 Bloody mess, selling they soul for fame and fortune less 
 Thinking they changed the game but when I came I laid 'em all to rest 
 Say it with your chest, need to speak up this the chief 
 I lit the leaf up with the divas sporting D cups, turn your speakers up 
 And nah, can't keep 'em flash the pre-nupt there's no reason to this madness 
 I just speak and then my voice can paint the canvas, all the pain and things I take for granted 
 Stranded on this planet till my shit returns, chilling with the chick that burns [?] 
 Rolling, swerving, trying not to hit the curb 'stead I hit the herb 
 Keep it coasting till the zip is burned, rising from the ashes it's the mass 
 I lace that ass with classics, team up on my back and any captives 
 All my people, let's go! 
 I got a call from Blu, he said "I need you in the studio" 
 It's nothing my relly, just let me hit the liquor store 
 Hopped in the mag, yeah I'm sliding on them 24s 
 Flat black, slab white like something you ain't seen before 
 '91 west, 100 miles per hour 
 Brown bag full of blunts, Ziploc full of sour 
 When you riding like this, all the hoes wanna holla 
 I don't pay 'em no mind that's why my pockets on [?] 
 She don't wanna fuck me, she wanna fuck my car 
 But always thinking like that bitch, you wouldn't get far 
 [?] Headed to Long Beach, where they stay 
 Crip walking, repping LBC 
 Speeding, got red and blue lights flashing behind me 
 Why the fuck, CHP wanna fuck with a G 
 Grabbed the heat, one time don't know who they fucking with 
 He said "I pulled you over just to say your whip was sick" 
 Who me? The superstar, split a swisha cigar 
 Look at you crazy like you spitted on my car 
 Hop out, I got my cock out, I'm shitting on you all 
 When I came through, different angles, perpendicular to y'all 
 Native Tonto with the tomahawk, I cut them horizontal, with the drama [?] 
 The foreign form of expression, the pagan [?] is too high 
 Coolio once said I bathe in flames and pray to dragons 
 Sagging with my pants, dipping lane to lane, bang-a-bang 
 I got a fast draw, single action collapse lungs from the old west 
 Above the setting sun you see the black heart, fly across 
 On my straight 50 shit, I am Co$$ slash Allah 
 But the monks in Shaolin call me Iron God 
 You ain't never let the iron off, you lying God 
 You living false, I'm about the cherries with lemon frost 
 Chop [?] fingertips, the women floss harder than y'all 
 Rhythm and blues [?], these niggas on some sinking shit 
 Can't fuck with them 
 I get a bitch warm, Areola 
 In my palm, bent over the futon 
 Watch me get long, yeah I get it on 
 Strong like King Kong, get it wet, all tongue 
 Bust free like [?], [?] service and no funds 
 I'm a king to these pawns, get touched up and pissed on and hung at dawn 
 Till you're all gone or stuck in a storm 
 Under the lawn, halfway to Hong Kong 
 No cross or headstones sitting high on my throne 
 I blend in like James Bond, big fish in a pond 
 Counting chips, Don [?] 
 You thinking it's all fun and you seeing somebody run 
 Screaming "he got a gun" 
 See me, then see none then it's back to sipping rum, 'cause I need some 
 Thinking "damn, what have I done? All he said is where you from" 
 Fuck it, he was a bum, all I know is I won and there can only be one