I remember when I was twelve years old 
 No worries in my brain with a pound in my pocket 
 And a chest full of smoke 
 I remember all the chordies we drove. 
 We used to play football all day and use jumpers for goalposts 
 And throw egg yolks at windows to wind up the old folks 
 Started learning about the birds and the bees 
 So there's birds from my class on their knees behind trees. 
 My favourite MC was Sharkey Major 
 Way before I hit one double O three, Temptation, Kiss 100, or Flava 
 Get off from school and take... 
 Ninety two point three but let's skip forward in time 
 Seven years down the line and it seems the spotlights on me 
 Sometimes I still wish that I was still twelve or thirteen. 
 Life can pass you buy, just watch how fast it flies 
 1989's when I started mine, now I'm like 'what happened to the time? ' 
 Life can pass you buy, just watch how fast it flies 
 1989's when I started mine, now I'm like 'what happened to the time? ' 
 15: Bag of weed, bag of beers in the park 
 Duckin' out from Feds in the dark. 
 Then we appear with grass stains up and down my legs and arms 
 And with a fresh beer clenched in my palm. 
 16: My bars are different class 
 I've been rolling with Dogz and Glamour and Shotz for a year 
 I've been steppin' up fast. 
 I guess I got around in the bits. 
 I was selling bags of bud and Tales from the Crypt. 
 I met Ghetts when I was 14, lost touch. 
 By 16, I'd linked up with Ghetts again 
 Rolling with The Movement and started doing sets for them. 
 Mercston, Scorcher, Unique and Wretch and 'em. 
 2006, I was 17 when I finished my first solo CD 
 But this time there's an album in the midst. 
 Life can pass you buy, just watch how fast it flies 
 1989's when I started mine, now I'm like 'what happened to the time? ' 
 Life can pass you buy, just watch how fast it flies 
 1989's when I started mine, now I'm like 'what happened to the time? ' 
 By the time I hit 17, I was the coldest younger on the scene 
 With bars you never heard and flow you never seen. 
 Before I come around it was 'cock it and shoot'. 
 MC's being cocky and rude, then I moved to some deep concepts in my tunes. 
 Monitor my brain waves, tell me if I'm crazed but I think the games changed 
 And MCs are opening doors in the same ways. 
 As I did when I was a kid, I'm... radio waves 
 And now I'm paving the way for a fatal display 
 Might blaze in a haze till I'm dazed then wave a grenade in your face 
 17 with bars that I regulate and generate pace 
 I'm only scared of who my enemies face. 
 Life can pass you buy, just watch how fast it flies 
 1989's when I started mine, now I'm like 'what happened to the time? ' 
 Life can pass you buy, just watch how fast it flies 
 1989's when I started mine, now I'm like 'what happened to the time? ' 
 19: Showing strength in the booth 
 Now it's time to prove what Devlin can do. 
 From the very first time I ever crept on a tune 
 I've immensely improved, the ascendance is due. 
 Original spitter, not remnants of you. 
 Swear I can see success in my view. 
 Crazy what letters in a sentence can do 
 Cause my lyrics are the only thing sending me through. 
 Kanye called me a gangster rapper; I'm not a gangster rapper 
 Devs, I just spit it real. 
 You're an MC like C difficile. 
 I look skinny 'cause I keep on missing meals. 
 I'll get cold like you know how frigid feels. 
 No children, sticking them rigid still 
 I guess my life's fucked up but I'm only nineteen and I've got a lot of living still. 
 Life can pass you buy, just watch how fast it flies 
 1989's when I started mine, now I'm like 'what happened to the time? ' 
 Life can pass you buy, just watch how fast it flies 
 1989's when I started mine, now I'm like 'what happened to the time? '