It's D.E.V.LIN your girlfriend thinks I'm handsome 
 I brainwash your mind like Derren Brown or Charlie Manson 
 You won't suggest I'm random when I take the scene for ransom 
 And I'm packing out stadiums with the fans singing my anthems 
 Dirty like Lesley Grantham 
 This is my manipulation so forget the speculation on all the trials and tribulations 
 That I've faced along the way because now I've changed my situation 
 My names lodged up in your brain just like a blade in an operation 
 But now their all discussing me in their everyday conversation 
 Assisting me to spread the word so brace for an invasion 
 Neurological science I'll give you braincells re-wired 
 My names Devlin & I'm just tryna gain entry to your mind 
 I fought up my corner, didn't I warn ya, that one day you'd know my name! 
 A few years older now I'm singing... ayo ayo remember me 
 Do you do you remember me! 
 But now your being brainwashed... they never knew what my name was... but now your being brainwashed 
 You better recognize my name just like your family members 
 My flows so tremendous shining like a thousand embers 
 We came to take over your town till every man surrenders 
 And kidnap your vocabulary until my name is all that man remembers 
 You never knew me when my life was dark and gloomy 
 But now my life is like a movie starring role yours truly 
 So familiarize yourself with the cast upon the set 
 If your unaware of how I'm moving then you ain't heard bars yet 
 Naah! 
 I'm Mr fire mic just like David Blaine and Paul Mckenna 
 Hypnotism different frame of mind whenever I pick the pen up 
 So in the future if you remember any name again 
 Make a mental note of 6 letters D.E.V.LIN! 
 I fought up my corner, didn't I warn ya, that one day you'd know my name! 
 A few years older now I'm singing... ayo ayo remember me 
 Do you do you remember me! 
 But now your being brainwashed... they never knew what my name was... but now your being brainwashed 
 D.E.V.LIN make sure you remember me 
 D.E.V.LIN brainwashing your memory 
 Standing my ... 
 Make sure you remember me, make sure you remember me 
 O.T. Bud sweat and beers. 
 D.E.V.LIN standing my ... 
 Now I'm here, now I'm here! 
 Make sure you remember me, make sure you remember me 
 I fought up my corner, didn't I warn ya, that one day you'd know my name! 
 A few years older now I'm singing... ayo ayo remember me 
 Do you do you remember me!