I look down on this race I created and all I see is violence and hatred, 
 I shake my head as I whizz by in my space ship, the world is like my movie screen plus 18 'cause peace is far and few between. Ever since Eve took the Apple off the snake humanity sealed it's fate and then tragedy laid in wait. Killer tsunamis caused by tectonic plates, changing shape, at the the oceans base, releasing explosive rage. I'm just sat here in my burgundy robe observing the globe, pondering if the life that I created will ever learn to evolve. I filled your oceans full of fish and I put birds in the sky, and everyday you sit and curse on your lives, you ain't worshipping I. How did you manage to ruin such a beautiful planet? The turn of the times left my continents and countries ridden with murder and crime, earthly decline. 
 People look cold like the freezin' rain, all truth be told, we don't see the same. People look cold, like the freezin' rain, like the freezin' rain, my son died in vain. I'll see you, I, I, I, I, I I made this world for you, I made this world for you. I'll see you, I, I, I, I, I I made this world for you, I made this world for you. 
 He made the world in seven days and six nights and then he rested on the seventh, now everybody's sinnin, it seems emptier in heaven Rest In Peace to everyone who lost their lives in Haiti and September the 11th, as well as 7/7. 'Cause I was on the train an hour before, I guess I got a higher purpose in the eyes of the Lord, who looks down from the sky into the fire and storm, and sees governments in unison like one big global Mafia, they're paying soldiers for a foe to blow a strap at ya'. From heavens door watch him maintain the war, to continue selling metal to the masses like Metallica. I feel although a lot of love has been lost, if I was God I'd be cross that my son had to die on the cross, cross cross. If I was God I'd be cross that my son had to die on the cross 
 People look cold like the freezin' rain, all truth be told, we don't see the same. People look cold, like the freezin' rain, like the freezin' rain, my son died in vain. I'll see you, I, I, I, I, I I made this world for you, I made this world for you. I'll see you, I, I, I, I, I I made this world for you, I made this world for you.