A pastor for 16 years in the hood 
 Known for steering all my troubled peers to the good 
 Made sure God's word appeared understood 
 So those that didn't believe that he worked wonders - could 
 Family of five - livin' wife, one boy, two girls 
 Spiritually guided through this new world's few perils 
 Community activist, summer camps, youth centres 
 Bible class to help us find the God and the truth in us 
 Shield us from the true sinners that corrupted the block 
 So dreams of kids wouldn't be interrupted and blocked 
 When a homeless sought shelter in a dead-ended search 
 He'd take him in, feed him, let him rest his head in the church 
 A neighbourhood cornerstone that made his presence felt 
 Never took credit, always said God's blessings helped 
 I'm just the instrument, he'd say God's the musician 
 He'd help of bringing dreams of finding jobs to fruition 
 Then a six-year-old girl was killed in a crossfire 
 Block got hot, made the price of the coke go higher 
 The pastor took action, waged a war on drugs 
 With vows to clean up the hood, that he swore on blood 
 Three days a week, the hood is led by this prophet marchin' 
 Dope man's pissed because it's affecting his profit margin 
 Now all this heat got the dope game forced in a drought 
 'Cause the pastor got squad cars, and reinforcements out 
 And the thugs ain't feelin' his influence on the community 
 So they wait one Sunday to seize for an opportunity 
 The pastor's at church, second service, from noon to three 
 Unsuspecting the acts of vengeance that are soon to be 
 While he's giving sermon, the thugs is teaching a lesson 
 So all the anti-drug shit that he preach is in question 
 Poured four gallons of gasoline on his estate 
 Thank God no one's home, if so they wouldn't've escaped 
 'Cause killin' wasn't the purpose 
 Just to make the good pastor nervous 
 But the kids attended the mornin' service 
 So he let them stay home and put the oldest in charge 
 They were burned beyond recognition, smoldered and charred 
 When the pastor found out, his heart got colder and hard 
 But you vowed to be a soldier to God 
 And those innocent children, didn't have a chance to escape once 
 And did I mention that the youngest of the three was eight months? 
 What would you do? 
 'Cause murder, your soul can't afford 
 What would you do? 
 Remember, you a man of the lord 
 What would you do? 
 God said revenge is his alone, so only he's allowed to place his hands on 
 The sword 
 What would you do? 
 Just accept it, and grieve inside? 
 What would you do? 
 Throw away your reliefs in mind? 
 What would you do? 
 Would you rather leave it up to god? or load up techs and nines and even up 
 The odds? 
 I got a nine on the left... 
 Tech on the right... 
 So I guess I'm ready to ride... 
 From now on NO MERCY 
 We all gotta die, but you first G 
 I got a nine on the left... 
 Tech on the right... 
 So I guess I'm ready to ride... 
 From now on NO MERCY 
 We all gotta die, but you first G