As a youth, each Sunday, Dawn went to Church and 
 Paid her respects and not to mention was a virgin. 
 Kid pushed up, Dawn lettin' him 
 Since he made her laugh and all the other girls was sweatin' him. 
 Then things started to move without cause 
 And a couple o'months later kid's pushin' for the drawers. 
 Under pressure while exchangin' glances 
 Dawn finally gives in to the sexual advances. 
 Although it was a mad high cost for her 
 'Cause after the thrill was gone, so was the lust for her. 
 Eventually he left her for another. 
 Now feeling alone and betrayed by her lover 
 She cried--for no longer knew which way she headed. 
 Once dreamed of actually wearing white at her wedding 
 And really being pure, now she thought she'd die without. 
 Still she finds strength to continue with her life without 
 Love... 
 Without love... 
 Without love... 
 Without love... 
 Verse two of Dawn's life--the second segment. 
 What could be worse than to now find out you're pregnant? 
 Poor Dawn couldn't sleep--laid awake 
 Not ready for a child and plus her mother's gonna break. 
 As she doesn't know how she's gonna bring up the subject, 
 Consequences of being used as an object. 
 In church though time's runnin' thin 
 She decides to have the child because the doesn't want to sin. 
 Props to the girl although it hit hard times; 
 It was Hell finishin' school and working part-time. 
 Yet Dawn did it though her youth went to waste. 
 Little help from the government, she got her own place. 
 HARD for an indepentant woman and a kid 
 And as soon as she could get off the assistance, she did. 
 Without no man who she once thought she'd die without 
 Still she finds the strength to continue with her life without 
 Love... 
 Life without love... 
 Life without love... 
 Continue with her life without love... 
 While Dawn worked two jobs tryin' to meet ends, 
 Her son was busy cuttin' school and hangin' with his friends. 
 So when she got words she tried to slap out the taste in his mouth 
 And explain how important education is. 
 Under stress, she takes two Bufferin. 
 Son now tired of seein' his poor mother sufferin'. 
 Starts to sell drugs though the cops did a raid. 
 Guess who's in the mix, and being legal age 
 Could do time, please call her employer 
 To inform her that her son is gonna' need a lawyer. 
 Never no good news, just more strife. 
 Dawn barely havin' enough time to live her own life. 
 Here's the judge's sentence, beggin' and pleadin'. 
 Now spends nine hours on the bus to go and see him. 
 Here's the judge's sentence, beggin' and pleadin'. 
 Now spends nine hours on the bus to goa nd see him. 
 Without no man who she once thought she'd die without 
 Still she finds the strength to continue with her life without 
 Love... 
 Life without love... 
 Life without love... 
 Life without love... 
 Continues life without love...