Wake it up Slick, ya know what I'm sayin'? 
 No complaining 
 Reached the destination and it's rainin' 
 I'm in Columbia, the Bond steps off the plane and 
 I hear a holler from a bro with ring around the collar 
 Here's Chief of Police, greets Bond, tell me to follow 
 Treated me to everything, no taxin', maxin' 
 Gives me a hotel suite for me to relax in 
 Seems everyone was on my silk drawers, McCloud doesn't 
 Had to bug me he'd have the nerve for jumpin' out the closet 
 "Word up, dead nigga", said Chief. "How do you figure?" 
 "Tryin' to arrest me, the Double for the murder of the nigga?" 
 Now in a cell, but not for long, and now I'm out, I hear a weepin' 
 One asleep, other sleepin', kept creepin' 
 Bumped into another, my appearance was alarming 
 "To who?" Some lady got. God I'm charmin' 
 Please, the way I rap, I don't even have to say hon' 
 So who's a Don? You better believe a negro kept girl fond 
 The name's Bond 
 Well, I'm outside and it's the chief with twenty deep, psyched the brainiac 
 Beware because the Double "0" was buckin' like a maniac 
 Till nobody left, so hon', nowhere to do correct 
 Said "excuse me babe, but where they hiding the hooker at?" 
 "Around the block, but chill at least chill till the storm has stopped" 
 Outside it was a helicopter, sound like it's warmin' up 
 Grabbed her leg, shot the chief, somebody said "Stop hawkin'" 
 Shook me off at twenty-thou, the Bond got up walkin' 
 They was laughing as they left they grew thinner like a rocket 
 Got the plans from the dying chief of police it's in her pocket 
 To make it even worse honey gal was definitely rattin' 
 Was holding her in a club that was happening in Manhattan 
 I'm on the plane in the day seemed nothin' wasn't phasin' 
 Except for this stewardess jockin' the Amazin' 
 But kept my composure, had another honey hon' 
 Who the Don? You better believe a nigga kept girl fond 
 The name's Bond 
 Back at home in New York, I didn't want to get too overfly 
 You wonder why I pulled out my 535i? (pimp) 
 Boy I see some lookouts with some girls that was annoys 
 It was a private engagement for the dealer and the boys 
 Double just passed the hoods with their faces painted 
 Walked in, say a good twenty girls fainted 
 Though guns was all out but seems everyone was shittin' 
 And man I was so cool I even carried me a kitten 
 Trouble for the Double? No, I wouldn't swallow that 
 Who the man with the Golden Gun and all of that 
 Heard calls of mercy, left blood on the walls of 
 Rescued shorty who was all on the balls of 
 Boss said "You're late!" I don't wanna hear none of your dissin' 
 Upped the cash, made a good twenty million for the mission 
 Good job, not to mention had that Boss honey hon 
 So who's a Don? 
 Better believe a nigga kept girl fond 
 The name's Bond! 
 (Sample: "Well, what do you think, Vance? Please, no one can serve us")