"Uncle Ricky, would you read us a bedtime story please, huh please?" 
 "Yeah, please?" 
 "Alright, you kids get to bed, I'll get the story book" 
 "Yeah, alright" 
 "Y'all tucked in?" 
 "Yeah" 
 "Here we go" 
 Once upon a time not long ago 
 When people wore pajamas and lived life slow 
 Where laws were stern and justice stood 
 And people were behavin' like they ought to, good 
 There lived a little boy who was misled 
 By another little boy and this is what he said 
 "Me and you, tonight, we're gonna make some cash 
 Robbin' old folks and makin' the dash" 
 They did the job, money came with ease 
 But one couldn't stop, it's like he had a disease 
 He robbed another and another "stick 'em up, stick 'em up" 
 And a sista and her brotha 
 Tried to rob a man who was a D.T. undercover 
 The cop grabbed his arm, he started actin' erratic 
 He said "Keep still, boy, no need for static" 
 Punched him in his belly and he gave him a slap 
 But little did he know the little boy was strapped 
 The kid pulled out a gun, he said "Why'd ya hit me?" 
 The barrel set straight for the cop's kidney 
 The cop got scared, the kid, he starts to figure 
 "I'll do years if I pull this trigga" 
 So he cold dashed and ran around the block 
 Cop radio's in to another lady cop 
 He ran by a tree, there he saw this sista 
 Shot for the head, he shot back but he missed her 
 Looked 'round good and from expectations 
 He decided he'd head for the subway stations 
 But she was coming and he made a left 
 He was runnin' top speed till he was outta breath 
 Knocked an old man down and swore he killed him, "sorry" 
 Then he made his move to an abandoned buildin' 
 Ran up the stairs up to the top floor 
 Opened up a door there, guess who he saw? 
 "Who?" 
 Dave the dope fiend, shootin' dope 
 Who don't know the meanin' of water nor soap 
 He said, "I need bullets, hurry up, run" 
 The dope fiend brought back a spanking shotgun 
 He went outside but there was cops all over 
 Then he dipped into a car, a stolen Nova 
 Raced up the block doin' 83 
 Crashed into a tree near university 
 Escaped alive, though the car was battered 
 Rat-a-tat-tatted and all the cops scattered 
 Ran outta bullets and he still had static 
 Grabbed a pregnant lady and pulled out the automatic 
 Pointed at her head, he said the gun was fulla lead 
 He told the cops, "back off or honey here's dead" 
 Deep in his heart he knew he was wrong 
 So he let the lady go and he starts to run on 
 "Uh huh" 
 Sirens sounded, he seemed astounded 
 And before long the little boy got surrounded 
 He dropped his gun, so went the glory 
 And this is the way I have to end this story 
 He was only, what? 
 "Seventeen" 
 In a madman's dream 
 The cops shot the kid, I still hear him scream 
 This ain't funny so don't ya dare laugh 
 "Uh huh" 
 Just another case about the wrong path 
 "Uh huh" 
 Straight and narrow or your soul gets cast 
 Good Night 
 Talk about the box, Rick 
 Talk about, Rick... 
 "Oh boy, that uncle Ricky, he's really weird" 
 "I know right, what does he mean, straight and narrow or your soul gets cast?" 
 "I don't know you'd think he'd be crackin' up too" 
 "Uh huh, I don't know,'night" 
 "Goodnight" 
 Talk about the box, Rick 
 Talk about, Rick 
 Talk about the box, Rick 
 Talk about, Rick... 
 "Another, that's right, Rick the Ruler, presentation" 
 "Crumbs"