(Hey young world) 
 The world is yours 
 (Hey young world) 
 The world is yours 
 (Young world, young world) 
 The world is yours 
 Young wo-o-o-o-rld 
 (This right here) it may cause concern 
 It's (for all of these) why don't you listen and learn? 
 (Love, peace, happiness) that once was strong 
 (But you teach society) even that's turned wrong 
 (Times have changed) hey, it's cool to look bummy 
 And be a dumb dummy and disrespect your mummy 
 (Have you forgotten) who put you on this earth? 
 (And...???...) and who loved ya since your birth 
 Reward is a brainwash kid goin' wild 
 Young little girls already have a child 
 (Bad company) and now ya been framed 
 (The parents are hurtin') hurtin' and ashamed 
 (You're ruining yourself) and your mommy can't cope 
 Hey little kids don't follow these dopes 
 (As a rule from a non-fool) your life don't drool 
 Don't be a fool like those that don't go to school 
 (Get ahead) and accomplish things 
 You'll see the wonder and the joy life brings 
 (Don't admire thieves) hey, they don't admire you 
 Their times limited hard rocks too 
 So listen be strong, scream 'whoopee doo' 
 Go for yours cause dreams come true 
 (And you'll make your mommy) so proud of you 
 (And this is a message) that the ruler Rick threw and it's true 
 You know what... we likes ta party 
 Hey young world the world is yours 
 (Hey Mr. Bigshot) hey don't ya look fly? 
 (You don't have a ...??...) oh my my my 
 You been fightin' again and you forgot why 
 Hey kid walk straight master your high 
 (Why?) Because you make your family cry 
 And all jokes aside are you in good health? 
 (Hey little boy) now have you really checked yourself 
 You're a disgust you know someone I can't trust 
 (You'd steal mom's welfare) and you'd run and buy some dust 
 (And plus I must say) big shot your not 
 Your friends are talking and I'm hearing that your girl's a what? 
 You didn't know? Go steal and rob 
 (And while your at it) go get a suit for a job 
 You see, you're actin' like this urge is demanding 
 (Come on, wake up) have some understanding 
 Society's a weak excuse for a man 
 (It's time for a plan) time to take the stand 
 Believe it or not the lord still shines on you 
 And he (guides you) and he watched you as you grew 
 Plus (past the age) of a little child, that's true 
 But folks your age don't act like you do 
 (So be mature) and put the boy to a home 
 (And if your over 18) I wish you'd act like an adult 
 (Don't live in a world) of hate hate hate 
 (Pull yourself together) and get yourself straight 
 (Men don't steal) hey most don't borrow 
 (And if you smoke crack) your kids will smoke crack tomorrow 
 (So be more mature) and kids do your chores 
 (Make your own money) hey be proud that's yours 
 (You know why? 'Cause that's a man) that's brains no spite 
 (Stayin' outta trouble) when it comes in sight 
 (And a man never misses a fight) in god's sight 
 'Cause righteous laws are overdue 
 And this is a message that the ruler rick threw and it's true 
 You know what you know what 
 We likes ta party we likes ta party 
 Hey young world the world is yours 
 Hey young world 
 (Mumbling in the background)