* Originally appeared on the Rush Hour soundtrack 
 Intro: (DJ S&S), Slick Rick 
 (Uh check it out... S&S... 
 With the ruler '98... Def Jam...) 
 And here we are, in the phase again 
 That ol' funeral music, is he goin' to heaven or is he goin' to hell? 
 I don't know, he's right in the centre, y'knowhutImean? (Uh uh) 
 (Uh-huh huh, uh-huh huh, uh-huh huh, uh-huh c'mon 
 Uh-huh yeah, uh-huh c'mon, uh-huh '98 c'mon...) 
 Verse One: 
 Nigga no way rap better than, act better, that 
 Veteran of rap *?ceteran?* 
 Brung on, motherfucker sung on, run on 
 Come on, go and have fun on, run on 
 Immediate considered, no he really ain't 
 The main ingredient, comedian, must be obedient 
 Reason why the player who away a few, say that too 
 'Cause no one else can talk shit way I do 
 School kid, the cool slid 
 And I rule wid, still shoot wid my 2, kid 
 Ain't no way on Earth to faze Rick, the man plays with wit 
 Eras-ed the man amazin the bassin 
 Border him, all on ya albums slaughterin 
 Better spin like slavery when I order him 
 Rejects creep yet keep step 
 Every borough, every state, every country in deep check 
 Mack all of it, controller shit, catch hold of it 
 How you gonna move Slick when cats like solo Rick? 
 Accept, yet no chances that they make plans 
 To wreck and make a nigga, breakdance the record 
 I turned and learned this sequel I burned went 
 Urgent, mad white people like servin' 
 Interested with, gets congested with 
 Clowns, haven't made a record, impress the kid 
 Verse Two: 
 No entry, let's keep a hood rhymin shit (A-party people) 
 Are you tryin' to have yourself a good time or what? 
 No stressin you, type of beat bring out the best in you 
 Allegeble, ruler came to add a touch of bless onto 
 Niggas think they bashin me, his majesty 
 Of garbage and never were no match for me and actually 
 Many a girl catch the fever 
 And I don't need anyone else rap with either 
 If this is based on skill, kill anybody will 
 Affiliate Rick real to Hicksville 
 Same ruler movin cowardness out of this 
 Never out powerless, devour this and now it is 
 Time for one to leave upon impeach 
 Help teach all men how to live amongst each (KnowI'msayin?) 
 Although a lotta creep yet keeps 
 Every borough, every state, every country in deep check 
 Verse Three: 
 The bounce men, S&S sound bend 
 Listen up kid, an important announcement 
 There's a rapper I know many interested in 
 Named Rick, no rapper alive could mess with him 
 Lace records all audience roar to 
 Grand of a show, skill on the dancefloor too 
 Freakin awesome, of course I'm married 
 High school broads keep your drawers on 
 'Cause this one in perf' case 
 Guaranteed to make you break fool at the work place 
 Diligent, shout as Mr. Militant 
 Allow me to do my thing, it's all brilliant 
 Although sometime the reign may slip 
 Can't skip my part on the hu-man tip 
 Ain't shit, you rejects creep yet keep step 
 Every borough, every state, every country in deep check 
 Outro: DJ S&S 
 Slick Rick and S&S now, c'mon 
 Slick Rick and S&S now, c'mon 
 Slick Rick'll make ya move your butt, c'mon 
 S&S'll make ya move your butt 
 Throw your hands up, throw your hands up 
 Throw your hands up, throw your hands up 
 S&S and Slick Rick'll make ya move your butt 
 Slick Rick and S&S'll make ya throw your hands up 
 S&S and Slick Rick make ya move your butt 
 S&S'll make ya throw your hands up, c'mon 
 Slick Rick'll make ya throw your hands up, c'mon 
 S&S'll make ya move your butt now c'mon 
 Yeah c'mon, yeah c'mon 
 Yeah, S&S and we're out, Ooh!