Hit it! 
 Aww yeah! 
 Yeah... 
 La di da di... la di da di, 
 La di, la di! 
 You know what, you peep this, 
 La di da di, we like to party. 
 We don't cause trouble, we don't bother nobody. 
 We're... just some men that's on the mic, 
 And when we rock upon the mic, 
 We rock the mic (right!). 
 For all a y'all, keepin' y'all in health. 
 Just to see ya smile and enjoy ya'self. 
 'Cause it's cool when you cause a cozy conditionin', 
 That we create, so that's our mission, so listen, 
 To what we say because this type of shit happens everyday. 
 I... woke up around ten o'clock in the mornin', 
 Gave myself a (strech up), a mornin' yawn and... 
 Went to the bathroom to wash up, 
 Had some soap on my face and my hand upon the cup, 
 I said a (mirror mirror!) on the wall... 
 Who is the top choice of them all? 
 There was a rumble dumble, 
 Five minutes it lasted... the mirror said, 
 (You are you conceited bastard!). 
 Yo that's true, that's why we never have no beef, 
 So then I washed off the soap and brushed the gold teeth. 
 Used oil of olay cause my skin gets pale. 
 Then I got the files, for my fingernails. 
 True to the style on my behalf 
 I put the bubbles in the tub so I could have a bubble bath. 
 Clean, dry, was my body and hair, 
 I threw on my brand new gucci underwear. 
 For all the girls I might take home, 
 I got the johnson's baby powder and the (polo colonge). 
 Fresh dressed like a millions bucks, threw on the valley shoes 
 And the fly green socks. 
 Stepped out the house, stopped short, oh no! 
 I went back in I forgot the... 
 Then I dilly (dally) ran through a (alley), 
 Bumped into my old girl (sally) from the (valley). 
 This was a girl playing hard to get 
 So I said what's wrong? 'cause she looked upset 
 She said uh, (it's all because of you) 
 Say what? (I'm feeling sad and blue) 
 She said what? (you went away) 
 And now, my life is filled with rainy days. 
 And I love you so, how much you'll never know. 
 Cause you took your love away from me. 
 Now what was I to do 
 She was crying over me and she was feeling blue 
 I said, don't cry, (dry, your eye) 
 Here comes your mother with those two little guys 
 Her mean mother steps and says to me (hi!) 
 Hit sally in the face and decked her in the (eye!) 
 Punched her in the belly, and stepped on her (feet) 
 Slammed the child on the hard concrete 
 The bitch was strong, the kids was gone. 
 Something was wrong I said what was going on? 
 I tried to break it up I said, stop it, leave her 
 She said, if I can't have you (she can't either) 
 She grabbed me closely by my socks 
 So I broke the hell out like I had the chicken pox 
 But uh, she gave chase, she caught up quick 
 She put a finger in the face of MC rick, and said 
 So we can go cruising in my oj, and what? 
 I'll give you all my love today. 
 What? ricky ricky ricky what? 
 Somehow your words just hypnotize me 
 And I just love your jazzy ways 
 Yo MC rick my love is here to stay 
 And on and on and on she kept on 
 The bitch been around before my mother's born 
 I said, cheer up! I gave her a kiss 
 I said, you can't have me I'm too young for you miss 
 She said, no you're not, then she starts crying 
 I says, I'm thirty-four, she says, (stop lying!) 
 I said, I am -- go ask my mother 
 And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover! 
 To the tick tock and you don't stopf 
 To the tick tick ya don't... hit it! 
 Doug e. fresh y'all, give him a round of applause y'all, 
 Doug e. fresh! 
 Yeah, what up?