One day fishin' heard Indian drums 
 Saw a brother, listen too, wife kissin' too 
 Then on another mission to 
 The city with the sistas, though was a far distance 
 There's Lone Ranger out of area that needed my assistance 
 To deliver cash, last man got robbed, pimped 
 He never returned, I said "ok" and put the money in the Fendi 
 Then bumped into this girl 
 Looked like that that girl on "Mork and Mindy" and 
 "How" I said to the white trim, jockin' me the Indian 
 Comin' in all this heat, the kind for hopin' a chance for ropin' in 
 "How'd you like to put your Indian teenie in my openin'?" 
 Said that would be because the nigga wasn't new to this 
 True to this, double barrel slide out the uterus 
 Calm, started singin' sad popular songs 
 Took the money and the hon', screamin' at the top of her lungs 
 Now on a hunt, "You carry leaf?" I was about to smoke a blunt 
 No, not without frontal, screw girl pronto, mean Tonto 
 Was extremely pissed, still picturin' screwin' this (woo, woo, woo, woo, woo) 
 I don't know why the fuck I'm doin' this 
 Nuisance, brother's/horse tracks, "whose to choose?" 
 Saddle loose, both thirsty cuttin' a cactus for the juice and 
 All of a sudden, these women like model ho's in Paris 
 Ganged to rape me the Indian, I was so embarrassed 
 Don't pull a kid a minute, to give in within a minute 
 Till I seen a shack yonder, or a couple livin' in it 
 Shook my hand, friendly manner, though she pack her up and ran her 
 Couldn't stand her, fondle her feathers like she wanted some banana 
 Led me to the back of the house, the hands that started track 
 Used it as my marks and then I nearly had a heart attack 
 Brush it off, deal with the floss, way past disgusted 
 Said "what's the matter granny? Is your blind ass dusted" 
 Back in the hunt, now what do you want, poor granny offered me a blunt 
 No not without frontal, screw girl pronto, mean Tonto, grandma 
 Found they're small timers after all, wasn't her intent to brawl 
 Pulled out my 45, "How y'all" up against the wall 
 Where's the hooker and the money, here she came, sweatin' mine 
 Then the bitch is pointin' a pistol at my fine behind 
 Now she a smart ass, should of figured when getting' off the hottie 
 So the horse busted in, startin lettin' off the shottie 
 Killed the men, slapped the girl, 'cause he figured I'm stuck trapped in 
 "Come on Rick, a horse cappin'?" Yeah, that's what the fuck happened 
 Grieve the folks, bleedin', sides red, I'm pleased and 
 Indeed, now I'll let the Apache kill the bitch, no I need her 
 Playin' the role, better yet, "well is your pole up?" 
 Signals from the wife sayin' "what the hell is the holdup?" 
 Although he scares the honey, hit the switch dares to run it 
 Caught and scalp the daffy hooker, said "bitch where's the money?" 
 Gave it up hunt done, she wants a blunt and so it's frontal 
 That's not what I want, so drop drawers pronto mean Tonto 
 Now turn around 
 That's not it 
 Shut up bitch, I know what I'm doin' 
 But that's my... oh! 
 Oh that's it 
 Stop, you're hurting me 
 Bitch I could have killed... 
 Oh shit feels so good 
 Open your mouth 
 Put it in your mouth 
 Play with my balls too 
 Know what I'm sayin' wake it up Slick