Eatin' a bit and nap, human being make way spittin' 
 As I'm skippin' through an alley in New York, a stray kitten 
 Dog chase couple of blocks, shocks, tough being a fox 
 He in a tux, some good samaritan'll stuff me in a box 
 "I'll find you a home. Why do you cry? Where went?" Just like whine 
 'Cause ASPCA to me a kitten ain't like righted 
 Constable comes, wonder why? I heard say "unhand the fly kid" 
 Because the bitch looked like she needed a home more than I did 
 Word, bit her off another like, not a committee, hit her off 
 Not to mention, sweatin' the kitty litter off 
 Had to do this, ain't no regular, see the loot is 
 With this rich white lady sayin' "Ain't he the cutest?" 
 Clerk said "all deals are straight", so when the car wheels away 
 Although the ho' better know I want four meals a day 
 The rest is firm bein' a trap as the hon' adopt cat 
 "Better be a good lil' kitty", "hooker don't pop crap" 
 'Cause I'm Top Cat 
 "Let me hug him" for the millionth, and again, great... the zillionth 
 Huggin' me so much, she almost suffocate the brilliant 
 Sad eyes, plus she had a bad pad, nice 
 Said I have to do my share of work, the hooker had mad mice 
 Was like a fleet of them niggas, though it was kind of fun to be 
 Ill treatin' them, clean the mess, must've thought I was gonna eat 'em 
 "Cat food?!" This ain't none to me, see a rat, you come run 
 Or like "hunt" to me? "You wanna get this shit from in front of me?" 
 "Word, Thanksgiving too? Please!" Now shout for somethin' 
 "Can a nigga get some air?", she wouldn't let me out for nothin' 
 I guess I could be called a brat and now a jolly ball of fat 
 So let me rub my head against her, so she think she all of that 
 And every day of the week, sweatin', works like a sinner, stay off 
 "Would you lay off? I'm watchin' Prince of Bel Aire, you're in the way of!" 
 Mouse race across the room, should've seen me stop trap 
 "You're still a hooker snap, didn't I tell you don't pop crap?" 
 'Cause I'm Top Cat 
 Male come and the sex triggers, and his penis stiffer, bigger 
 Said "boy she sure be sleepin' with a lot of different niggas" 
 Ten positions as he coaches, do it in the mood above reproaches 
 I wish the bitch would clean her house, you wouldn't have so many roaches 
 But still she buggin' and he comin', and the naughty with the hottie 
 Fall asleep, burglar come, "up shorty get the shottie!" 
 Tried meowin', nothin' stirred him 
 The ho's meal blurred him 
 Peed on the bitch, got up and chased me till she heard him 
 "What was that?" Got her gun, she had a dozen, mad lot 
 And for a over horny lady, definitely wasn't a bad shot 
 Police came and all of that and now a hero hops, run to her 
 So I snuggle up under her, 'cause I've kind of grown fond of her 
 When a mouse run across, should've seen me stop trap 
 I Thought the ho' was gonna snap, she better not pop crap 
 To who? Top Cat