Yeah! This nigga think we hoez or somethin' my nigga... 
 Sheeeit, man what the... lemme talk to the ma'fucca 
 How hard we really ma'fuccin is in this biaaaatch... nah'm sayin'? 
 Fuck nigga... sheit man, ole punk ass kids, we out the club nigga... 
 Dat sheeit don't mean nuttin nigga! I'm gon fuck this nigga up, my nigga! 
 Sheeeeit, lemme show this ma'fucca how hard this shit really is! 
 So I'm outside of da club and you think I'm a punk 
 So I go to my loaded tech 9 that's up in da trunk 
 I told that muthafucka 
 I ain't never scared (eastside!) 
 I ain't never scared (westside!) 
 I ain't never scared (southside!) 
 I ain't never scared (northside!) 
 I ain't never scared (southside!) 
 I ain't never scared (eastside!) 
 I ain't never scared (westside!) 
 Let a choppa go PLOOOOOOWWW! to yo melon 
 Now the plasma is oozin outta yo cerebellum 
 AttenSHUNNNNN! Fuck nigga, now you swellin 
 You ain't talkin' hardcore, now is ya? Lil' bitch! 
 Got'em runnin' scared of a... BIGGA NIGGA! 
 'Cause I put the heat to his ummm... HILFIGER! 
 Now on dat drank and on some of dat dank 
 Pistols gettin' bursted now I need somethin' to drank 
 I got a hot 4 fever, call it bitch Benita 
 Knock the apple off any bum or the hollow heat seaker 
 Ran 'cross bitch niggaz, fuck the pint, she take blood by the liter 
 I'll never leave her, my viscous vixen 
 On liquor, send dat ass to God quicker 
 No matter yo religion, you Muslim, Hebrew or Christian 
 She indiscriminate with punishment, she send'em missin' 
 My gun's my favorite bitch and 
 And she got permanent PMS so she stay bitchin! 
 No, I ain't bad, just don't kiss no ass or take shit 
 And I'm a grown man, find you somebody to play wit 
 If you'on like me when you see me, betta not say shit 
 I'll choke yo ass out like Dre did that bitch 
 You betta tell these pussies they ain't fuckin' wit no rookie 
 I'm a Bankhead nigga, I'll take yo cookiez! 
 So don't make it a me or you situation 
 I'll have yo partner down and I'll see you visitation 
 Like, hope for the best, but I'on think he gon make it 
 Not the way he was shiverin and shakin on the pavement 
 I'll tell you wha, if you make it, call'em grace 'cause he amazin 
 Find out these verses wasn't the only thang blazin' and 
 Just when you thought that I was done I was savin' the 
 Best for last, nigga kiss my ass 
 Like Della Reese they my folkz, itz best you just let'em be 
 'Cause I do the shit precincts and them FED's just ain't never see nigga! 
 YEA NIGGA! Just break'em off muthafucka! 
 We the real niggaz! All you hatin' muthafuckaz, underachieverz... 
 Step back, hoe nigga! Listen closely... 
 We ain't neva scared of none of you niggaz! 
 T.I., Bone Crusher, Killer Mike, just break'em off niggaaaaaaaaaaa!