The girls do not eat sweets, eat dicks now 
 Van Samblancat wing fashion, 12 years old and fucked 
 It is not normal, but it is what is now k 
 As pope will not let them take it point to piercing paste 
 And who cares if your mind is shorter than their miniskirts 
 Are whores thong and go shopping with mom 
 Gone are the up and down there if anyone succeed 
 And to show off with friends, four have touched me the ass 
 They are infidels and by nature 
 Sure, and then complain over "if her boyfriend LES DEJA" 
 Les is the cum, some say I'm sexist k 
 Ladies, come out one weekend, you will see that I am realistic 
 Piquéis but I Do not you copy and you seem all the same 
 Blondes brunettes redheads, eat cocks torrents 
 A group of friends together is unbearable ... pff 
 They are more ex pats that will always be fuckable 
 Friday all pa pa la disco dance reggeton-ton 
 The rush is that you rub your tambourine fox 
 20 hours primping throwing the whole pot 
 Please note neckline that is well your exciting gifts 
 No longer plays with Barbies ... now have to be rebels 
 Potatoes ... you know ... k his daughter anything but homework 
 Are known to open her legs and mind are closed 
 Special attention, pa all, you are a slut 
 But you say asshole! Dude you had to be 
 I alcohol drug sex spree, just want to party 
 Surf fucked last night and did you realize you remember? 
 Van partying, fishing, pa see if something in your network hunt 
 While others are concerned the only thing is if thin 
 It is fashionable and crack the playboy arms 
 To get attention? Anorexia is where do you pa! 
 Girls that are fixed are usually the ugliest 
 Implantat silicone, although painful heels please 
 To as many guys I know, but I love my dog (May) 
 The guys today are all pigs (May) 
 But if you go down to the minimum you panties (portal) 
 Girls today are all a bunch of sluts (portal) 
 May 
 The guys are pigs, 
 What we need to prick them skirt a lack of brain 
 When you start with if you never show lao girl pimp 
 (Pa pimp pimp my pirulo (portal)> x ass give you 
 Sell you an image and then are otherwise 
 It is believed the most successful and then the neighborhood is the fool 
 That pats that heavy arms are marked strength 
 You say (plays touches (carries)> and add (I'm going to the gym ((portal)> 
 Shirtless pictures are then able to pass pa 
 And if l have to talk about 
 Size of yours you better not talk 
 Bales of what you lack, a disability? 
 Put more excuses, and having it not your fault right? 
 That have short, that's a shock to you? 
 These complexes, size matters, because lying? 
 Pa mark Musculito vests 
 I'm sick of being created interesting brat 
 Run boy hurry up, your small motorcycle Maqueo 
 Go to the store and buy an outfit Footlocker 
 Springs or tn which is what today takes 
 With lace detail you stay with the rock 
 And on the flip pa record is what is done to show off 
 Are wearing sunglasses but the sun where? 
 Your colleagues has few aunts you've thrown 
 Divide by three and the result will 
 Two things at once? impossible for them 
 Intelligence for me so far is as invisible 
 Egocentric and always think they are right 
 Poor little glad they fuck without a condom only 
 A group of aunts together is unbearable? 
 As a group of guys together is so deplorable 
 You have no eggs Ak (k not? what? (portal)> are subnormal 
 Of all your friends you have to emphasize 
 And not be yourself if not pretend 
 Find someone who is alone and give him the stick 
 As long as you go next with your colleagues, it is clear! 
 Go hard and everybody cries when they leave 
 But it is not the same if you are not alone 
 You have to fuck with the guys today 
 Tell you (I love you (slide and May)> 
 And think (Follari me! (portal)> 
 Sex is a necessity for them 
 Guys if you serve for something is just to fuck 
 Yes, of course, you force 
 Intelligence and we are pleased to give you door 
 To as many guys I know, but I love my dog (May) 
 The guys today are all pigs (May) 
 But if you go down to the minimum you panties (portal) 
 Girls today are all a bunch of sluts (portal) 
 Holder 
 Superficial, is total. Bone does not matter, 
 Say you're different, you're special 
 Bah not be so selfish! 
 Ever thought of someone as you are not yourself 
 Engáñate, Get different megaguarra your pints! 
 Raisins making positions nude photos disproportionate 
 Sow ... the only webcam you focus on the tits 
 Seek fame, money, chicks, and a future without goals 
 The whole neighborhood knows you, but not only view 
 The guys just play them on your list pa 
 The guys are winners, but the aunts foxes 
 Seek to do so without a condom in addition k is run you 
 X alluded who only seek sex ... ahem 
 Your boyfriend with a car is bigger and it does not have the 
 Is a badass, if you have what you want mosques k 
 Have a boyfriend and the messenger with any silly 
 The player is also part of the game keep it in mind 
 I try some with me but became my toy 
 Pal cheeks blush pa wapa be more cute or more 
 Pa cock lipstick mark tonight commas 
 An aunt fixed only if one is handsome or good 
 That you look in your eyes? The ass is the first 
 Then the smile? and in fact is the package 
 If papa does not let you run away to party 
 Become a handsome tattoo, which is not noticeable if you horns 
 An aunt know the first day and tells you "te kiero 
 Put your dear rare photos fotolog 
 Put your own paranoia that neither understand in your blog 
 Dale don dale, no, give it where it hurts 
 Do not believe their lies, do not let the slip 
 I spend an incredible picture and say, here I go wrong? 
 And is that being a girl slut today is normal 
 To as many guys I know, but I love my dog (May) 
 The guys today are all pigs (May) 
 But if you go down to the minimum you panties (portal) 
 Girls today are all a bunch of sluts (portal)