(Sheek Louch) 
 Yeah! Woo! Sheek Louch! 
 Y.O. what up? 
 They were waitin for this dog 
 Ayo Jim Jones! (Harlem!) 
 You ready? Let's go! 
 (Sheek Louch) 
 Ayo back off the boat, unload the dope 
 Untie the rope, this is not soap 
 Get it out the water, complete my order 
 Get it down to florida, Sheek's so smarter 
 Before only count to ten like a kindergarder 
 I got no patience, I don't like waitin' 
 See my homey in the rear, say hello to Satan 
 I'm that blatant, y'all can keep hatin' 
 'Cause I'll take a bitch out without datin' 
 You know what I'm skilled in 
 Keep the guns and the coke in the trump buildin' 
 Keep the deers and the raccoon around my children 
 Give'm fresh air, kinda mad but the school system best there 
 And I'm still a thug keep the white tee 
 Over the banana incase one of these gorillas bug 
 D-Block Dipset get ya shit plugged 
 (Chorus: repeat 2X) 
 D-Block (Styles P), Dipset Dipset (Jim Jones) 
 D-Block hawk work, heat cocked (Styles P), bang on a nigga (Jim Jones) 
 Big money, hotels, fast cars, mad women, liqor drinks' weed smoke (Styles P) 
 Hang on a nigga (Jim Jones) 
 (Jim Jones) 
 On the way to Fifteenth as I speed up Eigth Y'all 
 High off the drug make me see it like Ray Charles 
 Night on the block blowin' weed with my shades on 
 Bang, stop fuckin', fuck you get ya ace on 
 Nah but they don't do it like we do 
 Pull up to the hood but the roof is all see through 
 So is my trial gettin' closa 
 Down in Miami puttin' miles on the Rosta 
 Feds got mommy's child on the posta 
 But I ain't gon' snitch, not on my Cosa Nostra 
 I'm out on bail, but I'm livin' it up 
 Until the day I get nailed, I ain't givin' a fuck 
 You gotta find me guilty. New York's most wanted 
 Tearin' up the streets in a Porcshe gettin' blunted 
 In and out of court with my lawyer 
 Goons outside, somethin' sporty with a spoiler 
 (Hell Rell) 
 Bout to wrap them things up all I need is some plastic 
 Got ya suit and tie ready, all you need is ya casket 
 Half a million off of dope and I'm still in the hood fella 
 Niggas respect me like uncle Paulie in Goodfellas 
 And whoever you get ya coke from I'm their supplier 
 Homey I watch the Wire, nigga you wear the wire 
 Hop out the ferrari spyda 
 Cock it back then put two in his Ed Hardy visor 
 It's mister Ruger nigga 
 I made my money off of crack spots and hood extortions 
 Fuck cars, I'm about to have a bullet auction 
 Goin' once, goin' twice 
 Sold to the nigga who think he tough 'cause he hard 'cause he on home parole 
 (Jadakiss) 
 Yeah listen cocksuckers I got bullets for each of you 
 If nothin' else at least I know my dreams is reachable 
 People say I changed but I think I'm the same brother 
 DB 9 in the Vanquish is the same colour 
 Potato salad white, them haters gotta fight 
 The scrilla is on stash the weight is outta sight 
 Dope money to rap money, still on the same route 
 I ain't miss a game since T-Bo came out 
 Way under the radar, stay offroad 
 I'm on the side gettin' haze and the yay off slow 
 I'm the studio right now in playoff mode 
 Work till you die, never take a day off yo 
 Yeah