Yeah! 
 I know how to do this, daddy 
 I done made more trips south than Luda's caddy 
 I done been on the block, bust off the glock 
 And dealt with more beef than a fucking patty 
 Sheek ain't fuckin' wit' y'all, want nothing with y'all 
 You ain't gon' rat on me, before that a whole clip will be left of ease 
 Body left somewhere in a dumpster laid on pee (can't you see?) 
 I'm a mothafuckin thug, you would think I'm on every drug 
 But I ain't, just 'gnac and an occasional (?), nigga 
 My crate out in the front wit a deuce deuce a Newport and half of my weight out 
 When they dry they bring the other half of the plate out 
 I'm so sick wit it, spit liq' wit it 
 I got tommy guns like the ol' gangsta flicks did it, yeah! 
 Who hooder than me? Who gooder than me? 
 Lettin off, nigga, all my guns stay on ease 
 How many guns? 
 Just a few, we can do it in broad day to see the kind of work I do 
 Who hooder than me? Who gooder than me? 
 Lettin off, nigga, all my guns stay on ease 
 How many guns? 
 Just a few, I'm quick on the trigga, I'm Sheek Louch the Guerilla, nigga 
 Woo! There's so much tension 
 Sheek let it off in broad day and I ain't squinchin' 
 Gat to my face and I ain't flinchin' 
 Somebody stayin' there like detention 
 And you ain't gotta like me, homie 
 But just stay in yo lane and keep it to yoself 
 That way everything you think can stay in yo brain 
 Nose in the 'caine, but that's yo biz 
 If it's my work to be sniffin up, then next week 
 It's gon' be six niggaz pickin' up yo bitch-ass body 
 No chest under your suit, that ain't cute 
 Loud-mouth niggaz ain't the mute (yeah) 
 I'm the reason for locks on the door 
 I'm the reason why Coast Guards is on the shore 
 Open up, made Poppi have to lower his (?) 
 Mom and Pop put a number spotter in the back of the store, (C'mon!) 
 I throw spinners on the 18-wheeler 
 And pull up with a bunch of naked bitches in the D-Block trailer 
 Who hooder than me? Who gooder than me? 
 Sheek be on some shit like flies in a bee 
 My wrist so rocky I'm on and off roads 
 Money dirty so I need to do a laundry load 
 I don't blow up I make the whole town explode 
 Yo boy Sheek name heavy in every zip code 
 Sheek gets off the clutch 
 Doin' Donuts in the street, I make smoke screens without a Dutch 
 They gon' need a gas mask for you 
 Baby boy, I go hard 
 I break bones like Jackass dudes 
 How many guns? 
 Just a few, but you never know what you gon' get till the shell come through 
 Blood, sweat, and tears 
 'Gnac and some beers 
 You ain't heard no shit like this in years