(Intro - Sheek Louch) 
 Hahahaha, y'all know what this is (D-BLOCK!) 
 Oh yeah, by the way... 
 This is the remix (woo!) 
 (Hook - Sheek Louch) 
 You can kiss your ass goodbye (d-block, d-block, d-block, d-block) 
 La-da-da-da-da-daaaaa 
 (Sheek Louch) 
 Ay yo, the flow is here, the dough is here (yeah) 
 They gon' call this the hardest remix of the year (ha-ha) 
 The wrist is sickle, the 9 is nickled (damn) 
 The inside tan, the outer pickle (woo!) 
 The dutch is rolled, the 'gnac is poured (iight) 
 You running your mouth, I'm getting you jawed (ow!) 
 I'm waving the blade; I'm telling you back up (back up!) 
 You empty your pockets, I'm picking your pack up (gimmie that) 
 You can act stupid if you wanna (uh-huh) 
 Like you don't know what block I'm in front of (I'm right here dog) 
 I'm out in New York or down in the south (no doubt) 
 I'm out in the trap with gold in my mouth (ha-ha) 
 They book me for the clubs and the hood (yeah) 
 When niggaz scared to go, but Sheek Louch good (D-BLOCK!) 
 It's loaded when I get out the car like... (la-da-da-da-da-daaaaa) 
 (Fabolous) 
 They say hate spread faster than love 
 So the Bentley is black, same color as the mask and the gloves 
 With me, I'm a send a bastard to bub 
 Before he get the police first and last to the gov 
 These dickhead niggaz, you shoot 'em and bleed come 
 Like two pussies they wet, just make it a three-some 
 They growing up quick, 'cause that'll buy your seed guns 
 Now they spreading magazines 'fore they can read one 
 My glass jar's had a hell of a re-run... (la-da-da-da-da-daaaaa) 
 As we proceed son, and I know 
 Every hood got a street fan if not they need one 
 I thinking short-range, give me a sport range 
 I wanna get warmer; I'm jumping in the sauna 
 Duck when I'm passing by 
 Put your head between your legs; kiss your ass goodbye (BLAAHHHHHH!) 
 (Beanie Sigel) 
 You niggaz lost y'all game; I'm throwing the Roc down 
 Just to put y'all D, I'm back on the Block now (uh) 
 Running your mouth, 'fore I shit all in it 
 All y'all ass, and I'm about to dig all in it (eww!) 
 I birthed you niggaz, I fed and I burped you niggaz (uh-huh) 
 Quick as that, I will Earth you niggaz 
 Clothed you niggaz, wiped the snot from the nose of you niggaz 
 What not to expose you niggaz 
 Fist, knife, or razor fight 
 I got a year and a day, still played it like they gave me life 
 Can't walk through the jail without shackles and two cops (uh) 
 Throwing shit on the warden outta the food slot (uh-huh) 
 Got connections with pop, he boofin the weed plants (yeah) 
 Get my khakis washed and pressed for a few stamps 
 Respect in the jail, a check in the mail 
 I stay on the phone; I don't put collect on the bill (mwah, ha-ha) 
 (T.I.) 
 Ay, you better know I'm going all-out, whatever the cost 
 So fuck whoever hating', I'm the king of the South 
 You gon' forever see me flossed, Spyder with the top off 
 Third gear I got lost to the million dollar law 
 J.G. the one who told the bitch to take your tops off 
 I'm a seven-figure nigga, paid the cost to be the boss 
 On the streets or behind the wall 
 Lift weights; get straight, till it's time to ball 
 Even if I never sell a million times at all 
 Dope boy trap niggaz, I'll grind for y'all 
 Pimp Squad, D-Block I'll ride for y'all 
 A-Town to Y.O, see the Chevy ride slow 
 With the light turned down and the beat down low 
 Throw the 40-cal and K's out the window 
 You better do like Lil' Jon told you "Get Low" 
 Cause you can catch the crystals, when the chopper-missile hit you 
 I ain't waiting for permission; I'm a flip until it hits you