"Master Of Ceremonies" in the building 
 Ayo, Poobz, Roll a whole zip up! 
 Yo, Louch! Get like four bottles of Courvoisier! [beat starts] 
 Tell the soldiers bring like a hundred guns! 
 D-Block forever 
 Bitch! 
 Hahahahaha! 
 Say you gettin' money, but you not like me! (uh-uh!) 
 I heard your lil' raps but you're not S.P.! (liiiil' rapssss!) 
 Close your fuckin' mouth when you next to a G; (ssssshhhh!) 
 The Glock-500 but these bullets come free! (uh-ooh!) 
 Money make the world go 'round, - plus vertical (Yeah!) 
 From no car to a luxury convertible. (Yeah!) 
 Niggaz that had love - now wanna murder you! (murder!) 
 I be spazzin, blitzin' like All Madden. (blitzzz!) 
 Me and this pretty honey sharin' the orgasm (ahahaha!) 
 I'm on the 'gnac and shorty on the Merlot. (whattup?) 
 Fur coat - to the homie on the furlough; 
 Drivin' to Myrtle Beach, - slower than a turtle. (slow!) 
 65 there then - 65 back; 
 You can get a million dollars off of 65 stacks. (get it!) 
 We neither here, - we neither there; (uh-uh!) 
 But if the car smell like smoke, then niggaz'll freeze the air. (freeze!) 
 Spray the ozium. - Still break bread 
 With niggaz that move opium and still racketeer! (D-Block!) 
 Huntin' for money, so run like a pack of deer (run!) (Whoa!) 
 If you ain't hand me clear, that's why I'm clappin' at cha ear! - Yeah! 
 Three guns on the seeet, - which one you wanna hear? 
 Got that paper on deck? (hahaaa!) - Throw that money in the air! (uh-huh!) 
 When I pull up in the front, (Yeah!) - all these niggaz do is stare! (uh!) 
 I'm a dream to these women, - but these niggaz nightmare! (g'eah!) - UH-Ooh! 
 Say you gettin' money, but you not like me! 
 I heard your lil' raps but you're not S.P.! 
 Close your fuckin' mouth when you next to a G; 
 The Glock-500 but these bullets come free! - UH-Ooh! 
 The hardest out just got cockier! (hahaaa!) 
 Tell these rap niggaz 'round they lil' posse up! ('round them up!) 
 The cars got bigger, - and the jewels got rockier (see you!) 
 But the Ghost move - just like the Mafia! (Ghosssst!) 
 You wanna know what I'm talkin' 'bout? 
 Knockin', I ain't home then go to my other house! (get it?) 
 My moms ain't home, then go to her other house! 
 Real till I go to my father and lil' brother's house! (then go!) 
 That's up in heaven, nigga. 
 God forgive me for robberies, never was a beggin' nigga! (Father forgive me!) 
 Put 30 holes in you, fuckin' with a.7, nigga! (7-30!) 
 You work for anybody that rap. - Whatever nigga! (WHATEEEEVER!) 
 And I mean it - with no clique or no crew; 
 Bring the steam to you like the cleaners! (BRING IT!) 
 And I press you, and let you air dry (aaaiiir dry!) 
 And it's a wrap, my nigga. - That's your air time! 
 Say you gettin' money, but you not like me! 
 I heard your lil' raps but you're not S.P.! 
 Close your fuckin' mouth when you next to a G; 
 The Glock-500 but these bullets come free! - UH-Ooh! 
 I live to see my young son turn into my older son. (uh!) 
 Smokin' weed, countin' money with a loaded gun. [inhale] 
 Never thought the platinum era's better than the golden one! (NEVER!) 
 These niggaz gon' see when the soldiers come. (gon' see!) 
 Titanium raps. - Lyrically lap niggaz 
 To tell the truth! - None of us is on the same track! (NONE OF US!) 
 You just came to the park. - I'm runnin' cross country, 
 Like the Africans, the ones that don't be stoppin' when it's dark. 
 I'm just tryna break the strip. - You just tryna clear the park! (clear the park!) 
 You the arms, I'm the brain and the soul and the heart! 
 These them over your head bars (over your head!) 
 Live nigga killin' you dead broadsssss. 
 Say you gettin' money, but you not like me! 
 I heard your lil' raps but you're not S.P.! 
 Close your fuckin' mouth when you next to a G; 
 The Glock-500 but these bullets come free! - UH-Ooh!