Turn me up a little more... yeah... yeah... 
 I'm a scream at the top of my lungs. 
 Spit shit till it's off with the tongue. 
 Get lit ride off in the sun so don't trick cause you crawl 
 And I run shit it's already done. 
 Back with the flow the show the magic went from 
 Hat tricks to upping my status yup another classic 
 Hard to believe poker face on with a card up my sleeve. 
 They all said I never look the part but I'm not trying to 
 Hear 'em like a pussy fart and now they all searching 
 For my rookie card keep your mother fucking hands out the cookie jar. 
 Class is in session check the score card 
 Yes I work hard like male porn stars no the applause isn't 
 Necessary you dying to get into my show like a cemetery. 
 Turn me up a little more, 
 Fresh till we exit the door yeah we breaking in your ear drums 
 Ready or not here it comes. 
 Turn me up a little louder crank the amp to full power 
 We do it every night and all day. 
 So better get out the way 
 Yeah yeah yo last year I got new management 
 This year I needed new management I felt like 
 They never knew what manage meant. 
 Well good luck to them I just had to vent. 
 I spit what I live speak what I know set the roof on fire 
 Now you freezing in the cold. 
 Think that I'm paid nope I ain't loaded but this drink 
 Got me feeling pretty loaded. 
 Body overloaded bit of a beer belly broke bottles 
 Of booze can anybody help me. 
 It ain't cry for help but in hindsight I don't wanna live 
 The life I want my life. I 
 'Ve been drinking been smoking been high been thinking 
 Been hoping I'll get by. s 
 Hit I ain't nothing outstanding from the underground 
 So of course I stay grounded. 
 Yeah, yeah, I don't do what I'm supposed to from the old school 
 Look at what we rose to from the middle of nowhere to the 
 Center of it all through the ups and the downs I'm remembering it all. 
 I take the good with the bad learn to be content with the things 
 That I have this whole world is fucked up and we all need more 
 And once we get it we'll find something else we need to reach for. 
 Dreams life work rights hate love northern lights. 
 I know life is good but I have my doubts 
 I'm a positive person with a negative approach.