Uh... they call me Class the MC refresh the memory. 
 Hands in the sky, 
 Whip the crowd to a frenzy. 
 Whether it's empty or packed like Wembley 
 I got a track record athletes would envy. 
 No need for jewels or a Bentley 
 I'm fresher than Dentyne on a ten speed shopping at Frenchy's. 
 I guess you could say I've been green sense this 
 Hemp weed hope them condemn me. 
 I don't wanna be a God damn rock star 
 All strung out and beaten down like a stock car. 
 I'll agree I'm a bit of a pessimist 
 Mad scientist mixed with the perfectionist. 
 I find this rap shit acts therapeutically 
 Without the hourly rate to abuse a beat and true 
 Indeed do whatever so beautifully ever since puberty 
 But never once musically. 
 Class they said I was going no where 
 But look I'm out here and ain't going nowhere. 
 Fingers in the crates still digging for the 
 Breaks and flesh flushers want to bring it to the plate. 
 Yo my head held high as I get in position 
 Real MC I fit the description what I'm spitting out 
 Needs no encryption. I am conditioned to vibe to the rhythm. 
 I've been sitting in the back with my eyes on the prize, 
 High trying to visualize. 
 A game with no straints stressed no pain 
 Got me pulling out my hair yes pass the rogaine. 
 Bushwhacked is back like Davey Crockett so 
 Touch up your front line like Jaime Foxx did. 
 Shit I'm a problem honorably honest but all 
 This bragging and talk is exhaustin. 
 I've had it rappers always rappin' how good they rap, 
 Now what the fuck is the good of that. 
 I know you kill the beat like no one else but me 
 Literally the rhymes speak for themselves. 
 I never ran to the states trying to get signed for me 
 It was never get rich or die trying. 
 Broke tradition that made them go the distance 
 Sign simple livin' but on my own conditions. 
 And if you don't think that I'm the coolest dude 
 Well that's cool too 'cause what's cool to you ain't to me 
 And what's cool to me ain't cool to you. 
 Yeah class is in session but school is through.