(Kayo) 
 Yeah 
 I'd like to purpose a toast... 
 Uh 
 Dark rum, chased by bad dreams 
 Intoxicate my soul for these goals and mad schemes 
 I'm... all right, it's gon' be a hell of a night again 
 I'm jus' tryin'a write again 'bout things that are right within 
 Man, this the life, I don't ever want this night to end 
 Who am I kidding? I just do this to excite my friends... 
 See my music's like a voice for my sins 
 For my redemption, I'm like fuck it and just... binge 
 'Cause life's like the best nights and the worst days 
 Frequent fights 'cause you missed your wifes birthday 
 Lose friends but gain many acquaintances 
 Fake as shit, and always up in ya face with it 
 But I ain't even see it 
 Dawg, I'm in that zone 
 They keep tellin' me, "man, just leave that shit alone" 
 But naw, dread, see life's a celebration... 
 I need that hangover, that's when the pain's over, so... 
 Fuck sober 
 (Classified) 
 I don't wanna deal with the hangover 
 I guess I gotta deal with the hangover 
 (Jim Cuddy) 
 I've got the sweetest hangover 
 I don't want to get over... 
 I don't want to get over... 
 (Classified) 
 Now on the road to life 
 I mean life on the road... 
 It's hard to wake up every morning and get on the go 
 But vamanos, get up 
 I love the job I chose 
 We party every night, maybe that's the wrong approach... 
 But what do I know? 
 I just know my body's sore 
 My head's splittin' 
 And my driver's at the lobby doors 
 My crew's waitin' for me, tonight's another town 
 I just gotta get some rest before I shut it down 
 Pick it up, show time 
 Tonight I'll take it easy 
 Till I realize how many people came to see me 
 Don't wanna slack or perform half-ass 
 I rock every show like this could be the last Class... act 
 And it's hard to party without drinkin' 
 Give me just one 
 But I ain't a social drinker, when I start I usually get drunk 
 Guess I'm goin' all night, continuin' the trend 
 Then I'll wake up next morning and I'll do it all again 
 This hangover is settin' in, and... 
 (Classified) 
 I don't wanna deal with the hangover 
 I guess I gotta deal with the hangover 
 (Jim Cuddy) 
 I've got the sweetest hangover 
 I don't want to get over... 
 I don't want to get over...