"(Everything's great up until you show up...) 
 Force-fit murders and corporate mergers 
 Are so... "New World" 
 Horseshit burgers keep force and click cursors 
 Make you so... user-friendly 
 Compassionate Conservatives who get maximum superlatives 
 Is so... "Neo-Reaganomics" 
 Claiming ownership of this Pangaea puzzle-piece 
 Is so... "English settler" 
 Slighting me on my out-of-body body-builder's muscle beach 
 Is so... out of character for you 
 Seeing you underestimate how government officials Parliament and decimate 
 Is so... up your alley 
 And other-world variety packs with apocalyptic anxiety attacks 
 Is so... 1999 
 So typical! 
 Now this is for obscene language and loud music 
 Which are now news clips of social unrest 
 But it's a crowd-shooing mix 
 'Cause I rended all the rubber flesh, I'm hunted by Boba Fett's 
 And these are the minimals of substance 
 I'm the political pundit, I'm cynical and unfit 
 For day-today life, I've got a pitiful pun-kick 
 But at least I'm not on that criminal thug shit 
 Then they hide the doors that rape states' rights 
 And it was great... and it was cool 
 But then along came this biter 
 And he was so out of touch 
 So completely self-indulgent 
 Just so out to lunch 
 So in desperate need of a style consultant and some school enrollment... 
 People need help 
 Now those recorded-on toaster-ovens doing their over-dubbin' 
 Is so... 20th century 
 Giving sell-buyers harsh pile-drivers 
 Is so... me 
 This machine kills Fascists and other unwanted guests 
 Now when I improvise, showers risk the skies from brain-storm rain-clouds 
 I'm Coltrane and Kurt Cobain's brain-child 
 And you're soaking wet, wanting to use these rap sounds for your bath towels 
 My moods for a chin-check, I'll give you this crank valve 
 So you can smoke it in a platinum album and feel at home 
 TV's sprout seedlings that cheer bling-bling, and also force-feed 
 Footage of bombs over Baghdad to distract from my palms over scratch pads 
 And it was cool... hunky-dory... I wasn't hungry or horny... 
 But then along came this biter 
 And he was so out of touch 
 So completely self-indulgent 
 Just so out to lunch 
 So in desperate need of a style consultant and some school enrollment..."