My love jet was supposed to be fuel efficient 
 But everybody knows that is just a boobish misprint 
 On the brochure; Oh sure, such a hubris is fit 
 To procure your pure, yeah, prudish princess. 
 Back when I put my reproductive glands in a plaster cast 
 Thinkin' that my Woody Woodpecker would always flabbergast 
 But my head trouser snake is more like a pamper asp 
 And I never had the candor to ask, "Am I really all that?" (Uh...) 
 Way before I ever got to pinch the folds 
 Of the hottest chicks, comic strips were like ninja scrolls. 
 And my heart was an iridescent listless cove 
 Yeah, I'm echoing the rhetoric of pimpin' hoes 
 From the homies sipping on a Michelob 
 Yeah, fuck them niggas, they can all just lick my chode. 
 Because I speak in amorous whispers that wisp her lobe. 
 I said I speak in amorous whispers that wisp her lobe. 
 But in order for a lady to ever admit my bulge 
 I need an entrance fee or an encryption code. 
 Should I start cookin' crack on the kitchen stove? 
 Actin' like a superfly stupefied, wearing an Egyptian robe. 
 Or just join a swing band, get a wingman 
 Maybe I can pull girls with the old pick-and-roll. 
 I need a beauty queen from movie scenes to kiss this toad 
 Not my goofy schemes resulting in me getting a fist to the nose. 
 Hey, I make that fishy face, that kissy face 
 When I'm throwin' "what ifs" at your puffed lips. 
 Hey, I make that fishy face, that kissy face 
 When my sky's beneath your shoes. 
 Don't go, no, die slowly, 'cause we don't get along no more. 
 And so I figured I could draft a piece of fiction 
 While you were waiting for food at the pizza kitchen. 
 Just romanticize the idea of being grief-stricken 
 Yeah, all grumpy and bummy and all fleabitten. 
 And now your sex drive is revved up within each piston 
 I found the perfect way for a nigga to meet chickens. 
 I'm now the persnickety palindrome piecer 
 Her fidgety xylophone seeker 
 Suffering in a used car, FUBAR, with my teeth missin'. 
 And now I bone a range of after-party harlots 
 Kickin' this old game like an Atari cartridge. 
 Just from freelancing with a socialist tribune, I get poon 
 And give dick to who wants the goo gob 
 And diss Lou Dobbs and Brit Hume like 
 Smooches, kisses, smooches, kisses, 
 Smooches, kisses, smooches, kisses 
 Smooches, kisses, smooches, kisses 
 Smooches, kisses, smooches, smooches 
 Hey, I make that fishy face, that kissy face 
 When I'm throwin' "what ifs" at your puffed lips. 
 Hey, hey, hey, I make that fishy face, that kissy face 
 When my sky's beneath your shoes. 
 Come on now, no one thinks that real niggas love rappin' nerdy 
 Or go to art exhibits and museums and view taxidermy. 
 So go date a slew of tax attorneys 
 Who have logistically mapped their thirties 
 But I put them fools on padded gurneys 
 I hit it when your ass was fat and perky. 
 But now you look like a Susan Sarandon doll 
 And I'm as volatile as a human cannon ball. 
 I still rap like it's commentary for a horse race 
 With the political impetus of John Kerry's court case 
 For a vote recount--I got O.G. clout. 
 I tell hoes, "Peace out" when they become bitter Strawberry Shortcakes 
 I move on, sleep on a futon arbitrarily in a storage space. 
 From now on I solemnly make a pledge 
 To move her in just 'cause she's great in bed 
 And grate hearts up on a serrated edge 
 And break a year lease 
 While screamin' in your ear piece. 
 Hey, I make that fishy face, that kissy face 
 When I'm throwin' "what ifs" at your puffed lips. 
 Hey, I make that fishy face, that kissy face 
 When my sky's beneath your shoes. 
 Don't go, no, die slowly, 'cause we don't get along no more. (x6)