They yelled out "Nigga-lover!" 
 From the candy store 
 At the anti-war group hug 
 Putting computer bugs in the infrastructure of the World Bank 
 With white-guilt accepting big-lipped puckers 
 From any two-bit Chris Tuckers 
 They yelled out "Cave bitch!" 
 And I'm an extra in the matrix 
 With my hands on Carrie Anne-Moss's tits 
 Acting very standoffish 
 They salute a married man's soft prick 
 I'm the color of an egglant 
 But I send my mulatto babies to space camp 
 They yelled out "Underground!" 
 Without me heads have seizures like they're hypoglycemic 
 You put me in the player and my skypro's denied 
 It won't read the disc 
 And even if you'd cared 
 You'd be like, "Fuck your lyrics, 
 I'm a hedonist who sleeps with Liz Phair." 
 They yelled out "Towel head!" 
 A middle American said he ate a falafel 
 It tasted awful and now his bowels bled 
 And soon Muslims at a mosque were found dead 
 On a burning wooden cross 
 They yelled out "Dirty hippie!" 
 Looking like a Martian landing party 
 And cut our college grant because they suspect we plan anarchy 
 We'll deprogram you, you Al Qaeda sympathizer 
 And carve a tree with a Trans Am car key 
 To build a Mantan's marquee 
 They yelled "Slut!" 
 At my post-coital O-face 
 And lecherous sweat musk that I showcased 
 But it was heartfelt when I undid her garter belt 
 But I watched the love that I harbored melt 
 They yelled out "Bum!" 
 At the frosted tips of my mullet duck tail 
 Walking in the upscale bar and grill 
 Where fools tuck their tails behind large bills 
 And I'm a cynic during wartime 
 I'm an unattractive thrift store find 
 I yelled out "Fascist!" 
 At the robotic orphan-makers 
 Running for office in the form of Schwarzeneggers 
 They will digitally alter your torture chamber 
 To look just like a bath and spa 
 Without sanction of international law 
 My coarse hair means I'm into petty theft, right? 
 There's an imbalance of the lord's prayers to lefty's laments, right? 
 But you can't offend me or Of Mexican Descent, Right 
 We've heard a thousand Fuck you's 
 Yes we have 
 Love is not enough 
 So why defrost that frozen kiss 
 Your happy skies are cotton puffs 
 Your modest lover's focus shifts 
 Love is not enough 
 So why defrost that frozen kiss 
 You toast apathy bottoms-up 
 And take your reality, load it to disk 
 Why do you hate me? 
 Is it my numerous releases on Ninja Tune? 
 Or my on-going fling with Reese Witherspoon 
 Or is it because I'm the indecent Mr. Coon 
 Who occasionally takes trips to the moon? 
 I know it's because I made my hip-hop cookies 
 And didn't let you lick the spoon 
 Or because we make girls throw fits and swoon 
 And I'll reduce your club to talcum dust, too 
 And accompany your thousand Fuck you's 
 With this here Lefty's Lament 
 Love is not enough