I'm a liberated plethora of pro black factoids 
 to the white piccaninnies who love black boys 
 I go to every poetry reading 
 Wearing my dashiki and kufi 
 And when all the OG's are leaving 
 then I scoop my weekly booty 
 from women who are subdued by the 
 left-wing liberal gibble-gabble for the (???) coffee shop leading frivolous civil battles 
 my body's offered to a higher cause 
 to sample my goodies with firing squad 
 Shooting with earth tones and pastel colors 
 Enabling' me to start acquiring broads 
 I say cosmetics are extract from whale blubber 
 I'm saying tennis shoes are made from 4 year-olds in sweat shops 
 This aint kilwage and death to the cyber god!! 
 Before you know it shes wearing moccasins and grass skirts 
 See how fast it works 
 you'll be eating narcissists and bags of multi-grain bread 
 reading books and saying TV land is for the brain dead 
 It is simply because of her bourgeois upbringing 
 There's her bohemian flag vintage clothes hanging off her lanky physique 
 romanticize this angry geek 
 She's college material turned into a fair-skin whore American forged 
 I've been seducing these women so I formed a committee and I'm the chairman of the board 
 call me Harrison Ford when I have to use my "Han Solo" 
 guess what? happiness, has a sales tax 
 we're not soul mates, that's just something that I read 
 I don't love you, I am just a movie actor 
 Lets read poems in a nuclear reactor 
 You may think I'm just a anti-social bum 
 Well I don't need you, cause I have opposable thumbs 
 Wanna hear my dissertation? 
 Exchange your tutu and tiara for this hemp anklet 
 Have you ever fucked with a martyr then slept in the embankment? 
 (??)n*sync and I wrapped into a handkerchief 
 I decorate my speech with Taoism and karma 
 but I don't know Walt Whitman from Walt Disney 
 Small titties and perky nipples will augment my dog sense 
 But I'm far from a puppy dog 
 Cause I have opposable thumbs I'm just a sturdy fraud 
 I use to study abroad 
 (??) undercover sex symbol Ehh? 
 Rap moguls make sums from money fraud 
 but I sell CD's that sponge off young ladies and will 
 I was fighting for all of my rights when I stood still 
 Like a beattress to the KFC 
 When they sold chunks of the mutated red rooster 
 Genetically engineered, dude it's good 
 and other girls sell the corporate Lex Luthor 
 exponentially by the end of the year 
 (??) out of toilet seats, we'll come to my place and read ya tarot cards 
 we'll exchange (??) fluids (??) and learn my political views, the colorful whimsical hues 
 guess what? happiness, has a sales tax 
 we're not soul mates, that's just something that I read 
 I don't love you, I am just a movie actor 
 Lets read poems in a nuclear reactor 
 You may think I'm just a anti-social bum 
 Well I don't need you, cause I have opposable thumbs 
 I don't always need women, cause I'm happy with myself 
 Nanananana you will leave me 
 Nanananana but my poems suck 
 Nanananana you bought my CD 
 Nanananana now your modem's stuck 
 all the ladies in the house, who sleep with poets 
 just put your hands in the air, just let everybody know who you are 
 (know what I'm saying) hey, young lady? very good! 
 All I have is salty game and a membership to blockbuster, 
 trying to make subtle advances until she called me a cocksucker and told me to not touch her 
 Can't two consenting adults be open about their sexuality over hot supper 
 Trying to nibble on the woman flower but I get swooped down upon by the ex-boyfriend crop duster 
 How can I sample her goods? 
 Must be a tree hugger who sleeps in a tent to re-number the sequence of events 
 or fucking patron saint of self-pity whose ego lives in a little world 
 and has blatant hate for elf-city? 
 Probably. 
 She'll think I commute from Mars to Earth 
 to pick a working princess in a poetry onto star-search 
 Even I'm of large gurth and have boils on my skin and I'm a hunchback 
 She'll simply involve by my supposed artwork 
 Even though my poems sound like im the first mothafucka to hear Ursula Rucker 
 And I'm so Hollywood 
 I wanna be on speaking terms with all the superstars 
 Eating wheat germs and fruit bars 
 (??) and roll up my used car 
 Like poetry for polygamy yeah 
 Poetry for polygamy yeah 
 guess what? happiness, has a sales tax 
 we're not soul mates, that's just something that I read 
 I don't love you, I am just a movie actor 
 Lets read poems in a nuclear reactor 
 You may think I'm just a anti-social bum 
 Well I don't need you, cause I have opposable thumbs 
 thumps up, thumbs up 
 thumbs down 
 This goes out, this goes out to all the spoken-word artists 
 Nothing but hemp anklets and fucking sun dresses 
 and fucking makeshift, bullshit dreadlocks 
 You know what I'm saying? 
 I got a fetish for that