You see, I'm a party pooper 
 Yeah, I'm a party pooper 
 Yes sir, Project Blowed 
 What are you? 
 Huh, I'll have blood oozing out the doll in paint 
 Leave the lub fuming and you'll file a complaint 
 When the next ? of human style is a faint weapon 
 For me to hinder the growth 
 Is my civil duty 
 I'd rather you find your inner beauty than wiggle your booty 
 'Cause there's mercenaries in all the blind spots 
 That could get my person buried in a pine box 
 Is it because my first person carries on all the time slots 
 Or 'cause I won't treat a Virgin Mary like livestock? 
 I want a B-girl who praises Islam or Rastafari 
 Doesn't hang out with misogynist bar flies 
 Not an androgynous tomboy, or a lecturous lush 
 With an affectionate bust, who has a fetish to fuck 
 She'll give you genital warts full of infected pus 
 What'd you expect from Bus? 
 Of course I'm a party pooper 
 Your girl brings me Kama Sutra while I'm squeezing barley from her juicer 
 I'm a party pooper, but you just want to squeeze on barbies' hooters 
 And try to please the Manarky's ruler 
 But the way I serve these emcees is harly a rumor 
 You see, I'm a party pooper 
 Come on, I'm a party pooper 
 "Yeah man, we gotta get in this club tonight, get my drank on 
 Fuck wit dem hoes, be on some hot shit" 
 Now what is hot shit? 
 A warm stool from the ? horn of a mule 
 Or a globe that conforms to the rules? 
 So I take these fools to reform school 
 Or go ahead and buy a new pair of pants, we'll do the square dance 
 You folks aren't given a fair chance to give the underground a glare or glance 
 But I'm certain that a rare chance will earn us shares and grants 
 Like I'm certain that you're handicapped and can't hacky sack 
 Like I'm certain that your crappy raps won't get no handclaps 
 I'm sure! 
 Like a breakout of anthrax 
 Make you take out your tampax, stand back! 
 That's the way that the biters go 
 The more decimals on the check, the more special effects 
 But it's an inevitable letdown 
 Leave styles to make you feel like a vegetable from the neck down 
 These drum kicks, sound like several tech rounds being fired 
 Shooting in the canopy to stop the hootenanny 
 "Okay people, exit the club, there's nothing to see here" 
 See, they bite chunks of info when cypher punks go home driving drunk 
 For god's sake, snap out of it! 
 You dumb yuppies, Humpty Dumpties and young guppies 
 Your pop song's a satire of itself 
 Your war machine backfires and melts 
 He thought I was just a hired help but 
 I said Project Blowed 
 We are party poopers 
 I say Afterlife 
 We are party poopers 
 Yeah, Busdriver 
 You know he's a party pooper 
 I said Jizm 
 You know he's a party pooper 
 I said Of Mexican Descent 
 They're party poopers 
 I said Hip Hop Klan 
 Party poopers 
 I said Chillin' Villain Empire 
 Party poopers 
 I said Cypher 7 
 Party poopers 
 I said Onomotopoeia 
 Party poopers 
 Everybody in the Blowed 
 Party poopers 
 Everybody outside 
 Party poopers 
 All of the security 
 They party poopers 
 Everybody that you know 
 Party poopers 
 Yeah, your uncle and your aunt 
 Party poopers 
 All these whack emcees 
 They should be party poopers 
 Wouldn't it be better if we were all party poopers?