Busdriver 
 : 
 - Now this... this Busdriver name. What exactly are you trying to say? 
 Are you trying to say that you're reaching out to their... your fellow underclassmen? 
 Your fellow proletariat, you're trying to bring them into the light? 
 - I'm saying nothing. 
 - I mean now, when you mean nothing, you don't mean "nothing"! 
 You mean it in a kind of existential, nihilist, Nietzsche type of way. 
 I mean, tell me what's going on. Explain to me, brother. Explain to me. 
 - Nothing. 
 All I wanted was insurance and a dental plan 
 But ladies and gentlemen 
 All they do is grow daisies at a mental can 
 Get a job! Easy for you to say 
 You're a member in some rap group 
 But at least I stood for something 
 I'm a baby in a trash hoop who's good for nothing 
 Now, upon buying this album you've done three things: 
 Proven that you're a hippie counterculture sun chaser, and 
 Proven that you're unaware of your contribution to my fundraiser for me to rule the world 
 And you want to join the club to get a renewal, you need a referral from a previous employer 
 But we know you're a schoolgirl who needs a devious lawyer to prove otherwise 
 In the court of law, get this nigga a sports bra, but that's besides the point 
 You've also proven that mundane tasks to you are like slave labor, so you don't do nothing 
 If you were in grave danger, your problem wouldn't prove sudden 
 And went inside to wake up early you at the alarm clock and the snooze button in 
 If you were stranded on a deserted island you would probably farm crops and stew food hunted 
 You inspected all the fun and you laugh, thinking if things go according to plan in the song 
 You'll be subordinate in a tanning salon, wearing a white shirt, with cold air freezing 
 Drinking soft drinks, yet dying of thirst, but for no apparent reason 
 Well, what are your plans today? Well, I'm certainly not gonna do any of the house chores 
 But I think I'm gonna dabble and do up my dissertation that I'm gonna present to Al Gore 
 With an unpresentable mouth sore about nothingness 
 Radioinactive 
 : 
 There's nothing 
 Nothing that's better for enhancing the chance of being empty 
 And it'll hold a certain mystic freedom 
 And freedom is in a hole that people fall and die in 
 Record full of nothing but a bebop 
 An amoeba auction, a hummus falafel, a dick in the H in the Haitian abated 
 Graffiti verbatim preventative medicine preventing hip nethers I get up in her venery heaven 
 Adam and Eve are having a meeting with a cat so so soulful with a bowlful 
 Of no, no, no, nothing ever happens, here's a leather napkin 
 Riding on a killer wildebeest in the wilderness of the Middle East 
 And back to Italy to set this scene of nativity in the hills of Mississippi 
 With a dollar-fifty and a bottle of whiskey and a woman to bake me some biscuits 
 And a little piece of Feliz Navidad, you never had a dad 
 So Tenenbaum or MacDonald after Ramadan 
 Fast enough to catch me placing those splashes, vagabond, don't be laughing 
 You David Hasselhoff in a castle box, Castlevania building pencils 
 In Pennsylvania with the stencil stain you'll love 
 End of the verse, so hand me your purse 
 I'm the one that you will see 
 At the Italian Hill near you 
 See, I like at the opera where a life is a death, and I see that the death is near 
 ( 
 Busdriver 
 : And on a basketball court backboard is the head of a deer!) 
 There's something I wanna tell ya 
 It's been eating me from inside out 
 Let's make it a point to get together sometime soon 
 And we'll talk 
 Come close enough so I can whisper 
 I've been meaning to tell you that 
 Oh shit, I forgot what I was gonna say 
 Never mind 
 Busdriver 
 : 
 Hear my tummy moan, 'cause I spit up all my vom 
 But you know I gotta get a muddy gnome from puppy cones before they know these songs are full of absolute nothingness 
 And contrary to popular belief, our lucrative rate is in grass root cuttingness 
 From CD duplicates burning I don't hatch bad news and a money clip 
 But I have a tumor, as seen of a baby's mother tit on the mammogram 
 A dozen mother ships plan to land, so I could melt the demand with heat-ray gun 
 Instead of going to midnight mass with DJ Run 
 Or rich white trash sedatives house a plum substance in a pipe that announce me and the cancer as husband 
 And wife, but I think I'm gonna get a second opinion 
 Our blood analysis finds there's nothing wrong! 
 So I'll get a third opinion 
 There's nothing wrong with you! 
 It's just that my words are swimming again I'm drowning in my swim trunks 
 Doing cover songs with Alvin and the Chipmunks holding a thousand pistol grip pumps 
 Shouting "get crunk!" at your grandmother's house doing nothing 
 ( 
 Nothing! Absolutely nada. 
 ) 
 Rhetoric 
 : 
 "Go back to Compton, you dirty nigger, we don't sell watermelons here" 
 Is what I yell at the white folks on the way to the gun show once a year 
 Nigga, some of my best friends are white, and I love mud sharks just the same 
 Except for the ones that come from Africa and got Johnson for a last name 
 Darth Vader, Rhetoric, Earl Jones James, by the way 
 What's another name for shit-colored in German? Take a guess 
 Melanin, you illiterate knuckle-dragging ethnic thief two-fifths of a person 
 Civil servant, welfare undeserving, never own 
 A suburban home, I hope they raise the rent so high 
 The crack money you make couldn't buy you better property curbside 
 In the game of Monopoly you would advance to Run ( 
 not Boardwalk! 
 ) 
 You hide as her pitch-white map cause your corn-fed pig wife 
 Gave you penis envy over the pony in the barn 
 Fuck you and the horse you rode in on, bestiality porn ( 
 Don't watch it! 
 ) 
 Defecation porn ( 
 Don't watch it! 
 ), shit-face drunk from cow-tipping last night 
 Your version of crackery is reminiscing on an umbilical cord 
 Before you had to pay for the rock and hit the glass pipe 
 Yeah, let's talk about civil rights, a spic straight from the 
 Chop-shop put together wrong, if ever there was a Mexican Transformer 
 He would be a lowrider named Wetbacktron 
 Con artists hit the stopwatch and let's play a barbed wire game 
 Of turntable hopscotch in the form of a swastika 
 There's something I wanna tell ya 
 It's been eating me from inside out 
 Let's make it a point to get together sometime soon 
 And we'll talk 
 Come close enough so I can whisper 
 I've been meaning to tell you that 
 Oh shit, I forgot what I was gonna say 
 Never mind 
 Busdriver 
 : 
 All I wanted was insurance and a dental plan 
 But ladies and gentlemen 
 All they do is grow daisies at a mental can 
 Get a job! Easy for you to say 
 You're a member in some rap group 
 But at least I stood for something 
 I'm a baby in a trash hoop who's good for nothing