I had some problems 
 And no one could seem to solve them 
 But you had the answer 
 You told me to take a chance 
 And learn the ways of love, my baby 
 And all that it has to offer... 
 You told me your secret love won't let you down 
 Oh allll my love baby... 
 Da Brat: 
 Hey nigga ain't shit gonna ever change 
 Between you and your boo. 
 Put a hold on me ever since I held you 
 What compelled you to be my nigga 
 Besides passion and lust 
 You ran up on a real bitch with understanding and trust 
 Fuck the others, none of them compare to us 
 And under covers you my muthafucka nigga, 
 When you stickin my stuff 
 You laid pipe unlike any other plumber 
 Took me shoppin' all day and at night, you kept me cummin. 
 Made dinner, collard greens, candied yams and steak. 
 Taught me how to measure grams, cook rocks, and chop weight 
 Caught a case, 'cause you're boy ran his mouth too much. 
 And it's a disgrace how the pain felt to miss your touch 
 But as the days keep passin, keep it laughin' with stacks of letters 
 Hit you so you don't forget us 
 When you'd rather not be livin' in the cella 
 Hella muthafuckas want your occupation 
 But they can keep pacin', 'cause I'm gonna be waitin on my Baby... 
 T-Boz: 
 And all this love, is waiting for you 
 My baby... Sweet Darling... 
 And all this love is waiting for you 
 Da Brat: 
 Don't worry 'bout a thing, nigga stay down 
 As long as you can hang, I'm-a be around 
 Da Brat: 
 Ran into your boy, had heard he'd spread the word 
 That you was soft, braggin he collecting your cheese, 
 And pissing me the fuck off. 
 The first thought of committing a felony never left 
 I missed the big breaths you took when we waz puffin an L, 
 Just the little things you do with the bigger ones I 
 Saw better SL 500s colorful Gucci sweaters and leathers 
 Diamond letters girl you broke, I saved the sugar for you 
 Keep the business runnin', droppin' off keys in Cancun 
 Cash rules, and you remain to be the King of my throne 
 Position taken, flippin calendar pages till you get home 
 Wanna blast your boy for snatchin up my happiness 
 But I regret what'll happen to this dollar foundation 
 If I'm incarcerated 
 Too you can make it through, we bail on the Jealous 
 Who tell us the opposite of that, 
 Forever you and Brat 
 I tried to take the blame, but you preferred to handle my fame 
 So I'm waitin with open arms to rekindle the flame...