One two, one two -- you taping this? 
 All types of shit yo let that shit ride 
 Word to mother, turn up the microphone! 
 Get all that good shit, get all that good shit (one two, one two) 
 One two, one two, one two... one two 
 Now niggaz know 
 Ssssshhhit, yo yo check this out, check this joint 
 This is strictly for the radio, yo 
 I just want all y'all to know 
 The reason why I curse is because my momma and my daddy 
 They grew up cursin 
 So please respect my style, please! 
 Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard 
 I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamin-u 
 Oh, sssshit, nah 
 I'll grab the mic and now I damage ya, cut your whole staminuh 
 Here comes the medical examinuh 
 One verse then you out for the count 
 Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs... the right amount 
 Ya yo, I'm sorry, un-gah-e-gas-e-ya 
 I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamiNUH 
 Here comes the medical examiNUH 
 One verse then you're out for the count 
 Bring the ammonia, make sure he sniffs the right amount 
 Wake you up and then I ask you 
 How do you intend this -- 
 Competition to get an asssss kickin so tremendous, RARRH! 
 You shouldn't bother this 
 Leave me alone like a son he'll be fatherless! 
 I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco 
 Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco 
 And MC's start to vanish 
 I rolled up on a jet black kid the nigga started speakin' Spanish 
 Yo! You wasn't from Panana! 
 I asked you how you get so fuckin' dark, you said suntama 
 He responded so fast, you made me laugh 
 Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared-his ass! 
 Kick the hundred strongest rhymes 
 Then I brought out the punk in him 
 Roll up with the strong five deadly venoms 
 Told HIM! Enter the Wu-Tang! 
 Witness the Shaolin slang, that crush any shit you bring 
 I watch your ass take a big fall, why?! 
 My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball 
 And as you step up to bat man, I play the riddler 
 You try to do me for my nigga I'll change to Hitler 
 I'll go out like Nazi, wish your fuckin' ass stayed 
 Home and play Yahtzee! 
 Or watchin Happy Days sweatin Poxie 
 With Ralphie and Cunningham, Joni and Chachi 
 (Yo Unique, yo kid 
 Check this shit out! Yo, yo) 
 Verse Two: Ghostface Killer 
 Ninety-five niggaz is wasted 
 Keystone capered, and Wu kept the rap fiends basted 
 Foamin out the mouthpiece, heads blown like geese 
 Murderous police, I do shows and perform in Grease 
 It's not magic, gaming is the gadget 
 World classic big national high attracts dear graphics 
 Lampin in my own zone, my physical show 
 Inhale bones Tony stuck, for the diamond in Rome 
 He's convincin, labelled one man rap convention 
 The nigga that'll gun down, eighty frenchmen 
 Lead vocalist, music specialist, rap arsonist 
 I deal with sharpness plus spark the hardest individual 
 I plant crimes inside vocals 
 My rap's like my passport, my life's my proof 
 Hit the sun roof, be out like a wanderin dream 
 Shuttle, and get startled off the verbal hygiene, my nigga 
 (Sample of Stamina) 
 (Sample of Baby C'mon) 
 (Sample of Brooklyn Zoo) 
 (Sample of Drunk Game (Sweet Sugar Pie) 
 (Sample of The Stomp) 
 Shame on you when you step through to 
 Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo! 
 Shame on you when you step through to 
 Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo! 
 What?! My nuh 
 Shame on you when you step through to 
 The Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo 
 Shame on you when you step through to 
 THe Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo 
 To the West coast! 
 To the East coast 
 To the North coast 
 To the South 
 When you take North, East, West, South 
 Put it all together and it spell NEWS! 
 Then you got the ol rhythm, bastard blues 
 And ya don't stop 
 So keep your shit, motherfucker, fucker, fucker! 
 (Live concert)