(Feat. Insane Clown Posse) 
 (Intro: O.D.B/Violent J/Female) 
 Y'all know how I get down... Ya know what I'm sayin' 
 (Dirty) Detroit (Dirty) What... Brooklyn... Zoo (Dirty) Yeah... What (Dirty) 
 Insane Clown Posse and O.D.B. 
 I got O.D.B and I got platinum baby what 
 I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin' 
 (Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard) 
 (Yeah) There's a quarter and it's Dirty and Stinkin' 
 Funkier than Peppy Le'Pue so I was thinkin' 
 About (What) droppin' this single on the charts (Yeah) 
 Let'n you know hey the kid has heart 
 I never deny myself, its when you dope 
 But in my last year, I had to slept on my notes 
 You thought that I was weak, Huh let me speak 
 My rhymes come funkier than your grandfather's weeps 
 (Dirty) So listen hear mister don't you ever forget 
 The rhym'n Dirty, you couldn't even clean if you commit 
 Or even boring, some try ajax, only mess with the best, 48 trackz (Yo) 
 I get down with the a saw sound 
 Lyrics that be flowin from miiiiles around 
 So let the music shut yo' ass up 
 And throw the upper cut that will make you fall onto yo butt 
 [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 
 I wanna get Dirty and I (Dirty) wanna get Stinky 
 And I (Stinky) ain't goin' nowhere till I get 
 (Till I) get Dirty and Stinkin' 
 (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') 
 I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P 
 And I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin' 
 (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') 
 (Verse 2: Ol' Dirty Bastard) 
 (Dirty) Let me continue, verse number 2 
 Style is wild dirty stinky like doo doo 
 (Get Dirty) If you hangin' around, 
 Hen change yo' mind, It is a bad (?), Yo it's my rhyme 
 I sit down and I say to myself 
 Self, Yo are you rated top joe 
 I drop a single for ya to get a dose of 
 As I lay back like a pillow on the sofa 
 You get paid (Yeah right) Bully, Fly 
 Askin B.G. wha wha wha wha you know me 
 (Dirty) Sweet as a hunny bee, taste like a 40, 
 Tick you like oohhwee 
 Want to drink old English so I speak old English 
 Ya gotta be dirty and stinkin' 
 And if it's not, well I guess I'm not 
 (?), It's Dirty and It's Stinkin' 
 [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 
 I wanna get Dirty and I wanna get Stinky 
 And I ain't goin' nowhere till I 
 (Nowhere, Nowhere) get Dirty and Stinkin' 
 (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') 
 I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P and I 
 (What) ain't goin' nowhere until I'm (Yeah Yeah) 
 Dirty and Stinkin' 
 (Violent J) 
 O.Deezy. Beezy and I.C.Peezy 
 Together on this track forever 
 (Shaggy 2 Dope) 
 Sell me, I know my funk be kickin' 
 Turnin' heads like an 8 foot tropical mud chicken 
 They fear these juggalo flows 
 I'm (Dirty) dirty like Osama Bin Laden's toes 
 I got hatchet love, it decayed in the barn 
 Hicken chain saw hard 
 I'm making neighbors uncombortable 
 (I wanna get Dirty and) Take me home and it's late 
 Don't worry 'bout the ring in ya tub 
 It's the clown paint 
 (Violent J) 
 I.C.P. and O.Dizzle wildin 
 Workin' like a fat chicks feet at Kings Island 
 A whole Source 9 mics, I don't care 
 I'm a 10 year vet 5 plaque rat millionaire (Yeah) 
 [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 
 I wanna get Dirty and I wanna get Stinky 
 And I ain't goin' nowhere till I get 
 (Till I) get Dirty and Stinkin' (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') 
 I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P 
 And I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin' 
 Oh Oh... Oh... Dirty... Oh... and Stinky... 
 (I) (I) (Stinky, Stinky)...(It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') 
 Oh 
 Damica (What I) 
 I.C.P. 
 O.D.B. 
 (Dirty) (Dirty) (Dirty) (Dirty)