* - Originally appeared on the Jerky Boys soundtrack, bonus cut on CD 
 * - Was originally listed as a Wu-Tang Clan song 
 (Ol Dirty Bastard is doing a Martin Lawrence comedy skit from Raw) 
 (This is going on in the background during the Intro and part 
 Of the first verse) 
 You know God damn well I don't smoke this shit Meth 
 *Coughing* Know damn well I don't smoke this sheyit 
 Know damn well! 
 I remember when we used to go down to the creek 
 Member when we used to go down to the creek? 
 And used to dip your head in the water? 
 Everybody thought you had it in you, you know 
 You used to jump out the water 
 The water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy 
 What? I said the water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy 
 Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard 
 Clean out my vocals 
 Yeah, I said Yeah 
 I said zuckazuhzuhzuh, zuckazuhzuh 
 *More nonsense noises* 
 Chkccha ckchcka Brooklyn, zucka Zoo 
 C'mon baby baby, baby, baby 
 Baby, baby, baby, c'mon! 
 Verse One: 
 Superlogical this, superlogical that 
 I detect a nigga dialect by the way he rap 
 I elect myself President MC 
 My career so intelligent, unique physique 
 Then with mathematics, not democratic 
 Static, topic, Asiatic 
 Zssshuh, them unique, never leak, brlaharl... 
 Bring it on back 
 Superlogical this, superlogical that 
 I detect your dialect by the way you rappp! 
 I elect myself President MC 
 My career so intelligent, unique physique 
 Doin' mathematics and I'm not democratci 
 No static, topic, I'm Asiatic 
 See, I'm Unique, never... blarhalal... 
 Verse Two: Method Man, Ol Dirty Bastard 
 Crazy, lurkin in the shadows, I'm shady, sheisty 
 Get your weight up, don't take me lightly 
 Blasted, dirty to the grain I be stained with the madness 
 It's the Meth-Tical with the Bastard 
 MZA MZA my name is the Ol Dirty Bas 
 My gammmmme, to kick your ass 
 Dnnah duh dnnh dnnh duh duh! 
 Dnnah dnh duh duh duh dah! 
 Flip and relax, take an Ex-Lax, I'm shittin 
 On the industry that was frontin now they missin' 
 What everybody else is gettin' 
 'Cause they wasn't representin the real... 
 ...Appeal, like me and, old time 
 When it comes to the microphone who killed the swine? 
 Be the original G 
 Do the rhymin on time and in the place to be 
 Interlude: Old Dirty Bastard, Method Man 
 You are now in my trance 
 You are getting sleeeeeepy 
 You are now getting sleeeepy 
 And sleeeeppieeerrrrr 
 And sleepy, and sleepy 
 Verse Three: Method Man 
 This one here's for my people, my people 
 Enter the 36 chambers, the sequel 
 Part two, for me and the cipher troop 
 With the Teflon lyrics that you can't get through 
 With the twenty-two automatic rap you pack, what? 
 You ain't hittin with that wack shit you kickin 
 Straight from the beginning, of the game 
 All the way to the ninth inning, I bring the pain 
 Dark like the midnight train on the track by the RZA 
 Diesel like Arnold Schwarzanegger 
 Outro: Ol Dirty Bastard 
 The hardware, choose the hardware 
 Ask you a question, test the Ason 
 Extra extra, read the drama and thennn another one 
 Which you intrigue, do your rap fatigue in the... 
 Oh... 
 Here I go, aauh 
 Yeah... 
 (Shit that makes me high) *2 
 *2 - leads into Harlem World on the album version