Oh Baby 
 I dedicate this to all the pretty girls 
 To all the pretty girls... to oh... 
 All the pretty girl in the world 
 And the ugly girls too 
 But to me your pretty anyway baby. 
 You give me your number 
 I call you up 
 You act like your pussy don't interrupt 
 I don't have no trouble with you fuckin' me 
 But I have a little problem with you not fuckin' me 
 Baby you know I'm a take care of you 
 Cause you say you got my baby & I know it ain't true. 
 Is it a good thing?? No, it's bad bitch 
 For good or worse, makes you switch 
 So I walk on over with my Cristal 
 Bitch ass niggas put away your pistols 
 Dirty won't be havin' it in this house 
 Cause bitch I'll cripple your style 
 Now that you heard my calmin' voice 
 Couldn't get another nigga, hoochie won't get moist 
 If you want to look good and not be bummy 
 Girl you better give me that money. 
 Hey, dirty, baby I Got Your Money 
 Don't you worry 
 I said hey, baby I Got Your Money. 
 Yo, so I glanced at the girl girl glanced at me 
 I whispered in her ear "You wanna be with me?" 
 You want to look pretty though in my video 
 Ol' Dirty on the hat & I let you all know 
 Just dance like your caught up in the Holy Ghost trance 
 If you stop, I'm a put the killer ants in your pants 
 I'm the ODB as you can see 
 FBI, don't you be watchin' me 
 I don't want no problem 'cause I'll put you down 
 In the ground where you can not be found 
 I'm just Dirt Dog tryin' to make some money 
 So give me my streaks and give me my honey 
 Radio's play this all day every day 
 Recognize I'm a fool and you lovin' me 
 None of you, nuh, better look at me funny 
 Nuh, you know my name now give me my money. 
 CHROUS x2 
 Sing it 
 Sing it girls... 
 Just shake it right now! 
 If Dirty want his money I think y'all should give him his money 
 That's how I like girl 
 Sexy, sexy, sexy, 
 Sexy, sexy, sexy 
 Sexy, sexy, sexy 
 Sexy, sexy, sexy. 
 Yo, yo, nigga playin' in the club like this all night 
 Bitches put your ass out and let me hold it tight 
 You lookin' at my wrist sayin' "It's so nice!" 
 The price fits the diamonds, shinin' in disco lights 
 You better help me solve my problem 
 Or I'm a get this money and rob them 
 Lucky dog when I won the lotto 
 Ran up my cards for carryin' raw loads 
 Well hold on now you can call me Dirty 
 And then lift up your skirt 
 And if you want some of this dirty 
 God made dirt and dirt bust your ass 
 Stop annoying me, yeah I play my music loud 
 Take the bastard Old Dirty to move the crowd 
 They said he had his dick in his mouth 
 Eddie Murphy taught me that back at the house 
 Now give me my money. 
 CHORUS repeats fading out