Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard + (some Jamaican woman) 
 Yeah! 
 I wanna let allllll y'all niggaz know in here tonight that this is that Wu-Tang shit! This that shit that's gonna get you high...! [*echoes*] See, when you stimulate your own mind for one common cause, you see who's the real motherfuckers! 
 See what you see, is you what you see 
 (Can I say it? Wu-Tang a-run tings!) 
 Be the original G 
 Rhymin' on timin', and in the place to be 
 (Run blood claat tings!) 
 They love see meeeeeeee! 
 (Ol' Dirty Bastard) 
 You're a crossbreed, I'm a knowledge seed 
 I want ACTION, that's what I need 
 I never put doubt in my mind 
 'Cause I know when I touch the mike, there's the rhyme 
 See murder, which is caused 
 When you fuck with the negative and positive charge 
 Then they came up out my garage 
 With the hit that's gonna be LARGE 
 Tired of sittin' on my fuckin' ass 
 Niggaz I know, be runnin' around with mad fuckin' cash 
 Who the FUCK wanna be an emcee, 
 If you can't get paid, to be a fuckin' emcee? 
 I came out my momma pussy--I'm on welfare 
 Twenty-six years old--still on welfare! 
 So I gotta get paid fully 
 Whether it's truthfully or untruthfully 
 With my Boston bloodthirsty process 
 P-E-A-C-E 
 Chorus: Method Man 
 Move 'em in, move 'em in, 
 Move 'em out, move 'em out, 
 Stick it up [*whip sound*] raw hide! 
 (Ol' Dirty Bastard) 
 Yeah, gotta come back to attack 
 Killin' niggaz who said they got stacks, 'cause I don't give a fuck 
 {*Inhales*} I wanna see blood, whether it's period blood 
 Or bustin' your fuckin' face, some blood! 
 I'm goin' out my FUCKIN' mind! 
 Everytime I get around devils {*breathing hard*} 
 Let me calm down, you niggaz better start runnin' 
 'Cause I'm comin', I'm dope like fuckin' heroin 
 Wu-Tang blood kin, a goblin who come tough like lambskin 
 Imagine, gettin' shot up with Ol' Dirty insulin {*sucks air*} 
 You bound to catch AIDS or somethin' 
 Not sayin' I got it, but, nigga, if I got it you got it! 
 WHAT?!? {*echoes*} 
 (Raekwon the Chef) 
 Yo, check the bulletproof fly shit, strong like Thai stick, 
 Then I'll remain to tear your frame, while I freaks it 
 Like some fly new sneaks and shit 
 Now EAT my shit--bitch tried to creep and got hit 
 Now regulate, and I'll be out to set up a date 
 Wu-Tang is bangin' like a Ron G tape 
 RZA pump the shit just like a shotty 
 Watch me run it--John Gotti 
 Collidin' on the track like gin and watty 
 Check the calendar, I warn any challenger 
 To step up [*whoosh*] feel the blast from the silencer 
 (Method Man) 
 Comin' soon to a theater near you it be the Wu 
 Yeah, find yourself in the square and see it's true 
 Actual facts to snack on and chew 
 My positive energy sends peace to you 
 A wise man killed one horse and made glue 
 Wicked women puttin' period blood in stew 
 Don't that make the stew witches' brew? 
 I fear for the eighty-five that don't got a clue 
 How could he know? what the fuck, he never knew! 
 God-Cipher-Divine come to show and come to prove 
 A mystery god that's the work of Yakoo 
 The Holy Ghost got you scared to death, kid--boo! 
 Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard 
 Yeah, we always gotta keep it fly. Fly for you to feel, what you wants to feel. See, Wu-Tang like to thank all the people across the country. All the people in America; all the people outside of America for listenin to our music. We gotta keep it fly for ya. See, this ain't somethin' new that's just gonna come out of nowhere, no! This is somethin' OLD and DIRTY! 
 And DIRTY! Yeah.