(Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard (singin')) 
 Reunited 'cause it feels so good 
 Reunited 'cause we're understood 
 There's one perfect thing 
 And children this one is it 
 We both we're so excited 'cause 
 We're reunited, hey! hey! 
 (Ol' Dirty Bastard) 
 I'm known on the microphone as the rap professor 
 Casual dresser, you may dress fresher 
 The way that I speak this shit is energetic 
 Rhyme physique of me is quick atheletic 
 Remove all MC's who disapprove 
 That my funky fresh particle always have the groove 
 You're jealous over me because you're not a competitor 
 You're just a donor, I'm the rap editor 
 Tryin' to rock the mic when you get an appetite 
 All negative on the mic, I dislike 
 Try to rock the mic but only will reduce 
 Try to get loose, you juice as a youth 
 Not knowin' to yourself that you shall be frozen 
 I'm the MC warrior, who has been chosen 
 To rock and shock beats, polite when I recite 
 Softcore MC's, you are down right, out right 
 Try to be talkative, there's no alternative 
 Hide until I forgive, this motive 
 I am unique with the perfected physique 
 The objective of my rhyme is my own technique 
 I maintain the paradise on this Earth 
 With the shut the fuck up style for what this shit is worth 
 Watch a nigga catch a purse 
 Super-hero niggaz die 
 Do my dirt, get away and multiply 
 You bitches, ya nice guys 
 Always want bitch, because ya need mine 
 I pleased on how I get up on the stage and fuck up the show 
 'Cause nobody can't fuck with me! 
 You bootleggin buyin motherfuckers, don't do that with me 
 With all these child-support cases I got, I needs my money! 
 Girls from the ages, a 100 and down, sacrifice ya baby to the underground 
 The best kept secret, how does it feel to be 
 Boxed in like a skeleton, growin' back ya skin? 
 When I was young, I was taught how to produce 
 The science of babies gettin' loose 
 I turned white boys to Springsteen spruce 
 Black to spooks, gave the Chinese Bruce 
 I can't help it if my style is foggy, monster boogie 
 Get ya high on my patio, all come to see me movie 
 Bicthes, you're walkin' on my dirt 
 We ain't sayin' nothin' 
 I whisper in ya ear, make ya blink cold Pert 
 Love potion, plenty bones I put up 
 What!? What!? What!? What!? 
 You know what time it is, 
 Mothefuckers! 
 (Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard) 
 I want to give a big shout out to the Wu-Tang Clan 
 We holdin' it down. YouknowI'msayin? 
 I also want to show mad love to Puffy 'cause you holdin' it down 
 Master P, you holdin' it down 
 KnowI'msayin? Dr.Dre, you holdin' it down 
 Give Snoop my love, E-40 
 MC Eiht, West Coast, word is bond 
 This is family, I don't give a fuck! 
 Striaght up. It's Dirt Dog, nigga! 
 Y'all niggaz know how the fuck I get down! 
 KnowI'msayin? I'm here to represent this shit! 
 KnowImean? I love y'all niggaz! 
 Motherfucker, my stomach hurts! 
 Bitch, I got to go! 
 (Ah, Wu-Tang motherfuckers...)