Ooh baby I like it raw 
 Yeah baby I like it rawww (with your MC at the epicenter) 
 Ooh baby I like it raw (sup boo? sup? sup baby?) 
 Yeah baby I like it rawww 
 Ooh baby I like it raw (it's E-40 man) 
 Yeah baby I like it rawww (sup baby?) 
 Ooh baby I like it raw (I see y'all, I see you whassup y'all) 
 Yeah baby I like it raww (sup?? SUP???) 
 Shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yeah shimmy yay 
 Gimme the mic so I can take it away 
 Off on a natural charge, bon voyage 
 Yeah from the home of the Dodger, Brooklyn squad 
 WU-TANG! Killa beez on the swarm 
 Reign on your college-aXX disco dorm 
 For you to even touch my skill 
 You gotta go the one killa bee and he ain't for the kill 
 Verse One: MC Eiht 
 I'm givin' you that funky funky aXX-sXXX 
 (That sXXX) that you gotsa ta fXXX wit 
 So stand back 'cause I don't hope my funk 
 Threw a bunk on your silly billy aXX and you too soft 
 I'm givin' that brain a little tickle 
 I'm thicker than a buXX-lickin' indo popsicle (popsicle) 
 Fool you know I'm too cold 
 I leave that ass hangin', hangin' like a bXXXX on hold 
 Can suck my DING, you bring like static 
 I shoots like a fXXXXn automatic (automatic) 
 Classy ------- I'm in em 
 I'm deadly like a m---------n snake's, venom 
 So it's on bad 'cause these zaggin come around your block 
 And we strapped with the Mac 
 And you get served like a clucker 
 E four oh and the Eiht, down with that dirty moXXXXXXer 
 Geyeah 
 Interlude: [backwards verse] 
 The nigga that discovered electricity 
 Yo gimee some of that Hurricane SO! 
 Verse Two: E-40, Ol Dirty 
 Cookin y'all on the burner inside a Rolex 
 Clocked, to a fat ass nXXXa clad in black, honk! 
 Might act my color but now E four oh ain't no dummy though 
 Might not know how to read and write but I do know how to count money hoe 
 NXXXa this game ain't wrinkled, hoe I don't need no starsight 
 To serious aXX nXXXa twenty-first of March 
 Time's up in this b---h right, East West whoride 
 BXXXXes don't understand my isht that we be servin' 
 Uh, I'm from the Bed-Stuy, now do or die 
 I got somethin' for you're a-- now I'm passin lye 
 See E-40 Click roll thick like a hoe drippin ---- 
 The A-von, isht 
 Ooh baby I like it raw 
 Yeah baby I like it rawww 
 Ooh baby I like it raw 
 Yeah baby I like it rawww 
 Ooh baby I like it raw 
 Yeah baby I like it rawww 
 Ooh baby I like it raw 
 Yeah baby I like it rawww 
 Verse Three: Ol Dirty Bastard 
 Most MC's get all too hyped 
 From the tent we'll rhyme and take you out with a tank 
 It's not MC just an MC bee 
 Weak on your words you never thought of by freein 
 Positive thoughts that I let come out 
 Ask the God A-SON I know what it's about 
 On the mic I'm a leader, school I was a reader 
 When it come to f----n I'm a strong good breeder 
 MC max and we worn out wax 
 Collect the cash money, without ever being taxed 
 And then I, got your attention 
 I'd like to mention, DON'T BATTLE ME at any rap convention 
 Yo I'd like to give a shout out 
 To all you live zaggin out there 
 And also like to give a shout out 
 To all you punk ------ out there 
 I wanna give a shout out 
 To all the true black women, because I love you 
 And I also wanna give a shout out 
 To them fake a-- b----s out there 
 YaknowhatI'msayin?