I was gonna eat her out but then I got high 
 In the slums of LA by the way 
 Gang-bangers killin' each other for rep 
 Sellin' rock cocaine on my doorstep 
 Had a ball to bounce plus a bike to ride 
 But my mamma never would let me play outside 
 But when I got enrolled in elementary school 
 Started bangin' like a fuckin' fool 
 So cool 
 Throwin' up gang signs to the gangster beat 
 Shot an enemy from across the street 
 Mamma came home, said she got a good job 
 Daddy did too, now they don't squab 
 Financially, we improvin' 
 2 months later, son, we movin' 
 No more duckin' from shotgun shells 
 Bought a two-story house in East Palmdale (Give it to me now) 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 I need you and I love you, baby 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 (Check it out, check it out, check it out) 
 No more rats and no more roaches 
 Livin' next door to football coaches 
 Now I got a new place to sell me crack 
 Now I got little white kids to jack 
 I stopped wearin' blue, wasn't trippin' on red 
 Too busy squabbin' with the skinheads 
 Stupid questions, distract the class 
 Rubbin' little white girls on the ass 
 I didn't really care if I passed or failed 
 I knew I was headed for the NFL 
 Until the playoff game, shoulder got hurt 
 I thought about my future, layin' in the dirt 
 I can't jump, I can't flinch 
 Superstar player, ridin' the bench 
 Graduate from school? Don't make me laugh 
 I got an F+ in basic math (Give it to me now) 
 Palmdale, (Hell, yeah) come back to me 
 I gotta do one song for my neighborhood. Bucccoooc! 
 Palmdale, come back to me (Check it out) 
 I knew I couldn't make it in the white man's world 
 So I bought me some khakis and a Geri curl 
 I knew I couldn't make it to the NFL 
 I went to East Palmdale and started slingin' yeyo 
 Fo' sho'! 
 I was makin' crazy dough 
 Shoulda dropped outta school a long time ago 
 Bought a cell phone, like a nut 
 Now I deliver like Pizza Hut 
 I drunk whisky and Bacardi 
 I sold dope to anybody 
 Me and my homies sold dubs and dimes 
 Took turns bustin' rhymes just to pass the time 
 A white man drove up to my spot 
 He said, "Hey, homeboy, what you got?" 
 I put a fat rock inside his hand 
 About 25 sheriffs jumped out the van 
 ("Get down, punk.?) 
 Palmdale, (Hell, yeah) come back to me 
 I need you and I love you, baby 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 (Check it out, check it out, check it out) 
 Can't get drunk, can't get blunted 
 LA County, 95 hundred 
 Crips wanna take my All-stars 
 Bloods wanna eat my Snicker bars 
 Them Peckerwoods don't want none 
 But the Mexican's straight own one 
 Them Essays, catorces, treces always try to test me 
 So I jumped off the bed 
 'Cause I ain't no punk 
 Jammed his head up against the bunk 
 Socked that Cholo in his chin 
 Black mutha-fuckas scared to jump in 
 Sheriff broke it up when we hit the floor 
 I kept talkin' shit 'cause I want some more 
 Back in town, we get along with the brown 
 Now I'm in jail, they tryin' to beat me down 
 Jail is hell, but I'll adapt 
 Won't hesitate to get in a scrap 
 'Cause I'm down for mine, and that's for certain 
 Sittin' in the hole with my knuckles hurtin' (Palmdale) 
 Palmdale, (Hell, yeah) come back to me 
 I need you and I love you, baby 
 Palmdale, come back to me (Check it out, homeboy) 
 Now I got a fucked up life 
 Two bad kids and a naggin' wife 
 Dead end job at the airport 
 Check too short to pay the house note 
 Turn on the TV 
 Then I see different homeboys that went to school with me 
 Playin' in the NFL 
 We used to kick back in East Palmdale 
 Rodney Williams, Lorenz Tate 
 Zeno plays for Colorado State 
 I wish my homeboys much success 
 But at the same time, I still get depressed 
 Walkin' through the wind with a cup full of gin 
 Thinkin' 'bout things 
 That coulda, woulda, shoulda been 
 I wipe my tears, sip my beers, wish good luck to my peers (Palmdale) 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 I need you and I love you, baby 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 'Cause that's where my heartache began, heartache began 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 I need you and I love you, baby 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 'Cause that's where my heartache began, heartache began 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 (Hey, all the homeboys on the football team, where y'all at?) 
 Palmdale, come back to me 
 (Hey, wherever you at in the world, I don't care if you in Japan, Africa... hey 
 You know how we used to do it, man. Hey, hey, hey) 
 Yo, let me get a Palm (Palm!) 
 Yo, let me get a Dale (Dale!) 
 Yo, what do we sell? (Yeyo!) 
 Yo, where we fittin' to go? (We fittin' to go back to jail!) 
 Yo, where we fittin' to go? (We fittin' to go back to jail!) 
 Yo, where we fittin' to go? (We fittin' to go back to jail!) 
 Yo, where we fittin' to go? (We fittin' to go back to jail!) 
 Dale, Palmdale. (Hey, everybody just clap your hands) 
 Dale, Palmdale. (C'mon, c'mon, c'mon. Buci-buci-bucccoooc!) 
 Dale, Palmdale 
 Dale, (Where them Falcons at?) Palmdale (It ain't over till the fat man 
 Sings) 
 Dale (Little Rock can't get none. What, what?) Palmdale 
 Dale, Palmdale