(Talking) 
 Is night shift ok with you? 
 You got yourself a job homey! 
 (Music starts) 
 Graveyard shift ain't never dead 
 We go to work when people go to bed 
 We got tremendous work overload 
 The boss don't care about the dress code 
 So if your hair's messed up, come on in 
 Nobody gon care 3 o' clock in the mornin 
 I'm fantasizin about a six fo' 
 Broke as hell, moppin the floo' 
 I don't know but I got's the hunch (what's that?) 
 That it's almost time for lunch 
 Smokin' cigarettes in the parking lot 
 All the homies tellin' lies 'bout te women they got 
 Nobody gets offended at a racial joke 
 Everybody's laughin', tryin' to stay woke 
 Takin' it easy, though times are hard 
 Pullin' practical jokes on the security guard 
 And if you com elate, the boss won't beat ya 
 Stand around talkin' 'bout the future 
 Don't even trip, if you feel tired 
 Take a little nap, you won't get fired 
 Drink a little beer, smoke a little stiff 
 Nobody cares on the graveyard shift 
 (Pocpocpoc wooh wooh pocpoc... poc...!) 
 Paaaaaaaaaarty (ye-eah) 
 On the graveyard shift 
 Paaaaaaaaaarty 
 On the graveyard shift 
 (You don't have to slave too hard) 
 You don't have to slave too hard 
 On the gra-aveyard 
 My name is Joseph Forman, they call me Fro' 
 I work at the neighbourghood grocery store 
 We actin' crazy like a bunch of kids 
 Playin' frisbee with the trash can lids 
 When the bossman comes, baby we don't run 
 He's a cool like us, just tryin' to have fun 
 Graveyard shift is a little bit prouder, 
 Play the radio just a little bit louder 
 DJ playin' that midnight mix 
 Dance constest on aisle no. 6 
 Bumpin' that old school 2-short rhyme 
 Got the homeboys in a Soul Train line 
 You wanna act crazy go ahead and be wild 
 If you wanna rap go ahead and freestyle 
 Graveyard shift, you just can't beat it 
 If you get hungry grab sumtin' and eat it 
 Drinkin' in the back with my home girl 
 The beer is on the house from the Corporate World 
 Act like a fool till the break of dawn 
 Yellin' cuss words in the intercom 
 Drag racin' with the fork lift 
 Nobody cares on the graveyard shift 
 (Break it down fellas) 
 I never would work on daytime 
 Graveyard shift is my playtime 
 Daytime jobs are flaky 
 Daytime jobs are shaky 
 Like, jell-O gelatins 
 So I work graveyard like a skeleton 
 An Afro-classic is what I am 
 I drive to work without a traffic jam 
 Everybody on the graveyard is like my brother 
 Always lookin' out for eachother 
 Speak up fo' ya 
 Like to know ya 
 If you come late we'll push the clock fo' ya 
 We gots no money, but we gots pride 
 If your car breaks down I'll give you a ride 
 Cause the Corporate World is oh, so cold 
 To the people at the bottom of the totem pole 
 Divided we fall, together we stand 
 What'chu need? get it from the Afroman 
 I'm not a thief, but I got the hook up 
 For the bar-b-que ribs you wanna cook up 
 And if you need somebody to get drunk with 
 Call the homeboys from the graveyard shift 
 (Dedicated to all the blue collar workers strugglin', strivin', throbbin', and thrivin'.) 
 Happiness is hard to find 
 Happiness is a state of mind. 
 It can't be found in fame or wealth 
 It's found real deep inside yourself 
 Brothers, stop singin' the blues 
 Throw parties and barbecues 
 Don't destroy your life, enjoy your life 
 Play with your kids and make love to your wife. 
 Drink a little beer, don't smoke no crack 
 Have a good time before Christ comes back. 
 Keep your head high, keep your back stiff 
 I'll see you Sunday night for the graveyard shift. 
 (Hey, check this out loco.) 
 No dental plan. (Graveyard!) No medicare. (Graveyard!) 
 Said, no vacation. (Graveyard!) The Man don't care. (Graveyard!) 
 Ain't got no union. (Graveyard!) No respect. (Graveyard!) 
 Dirty uniforms. (Graveyard!) And a short paycheck. (Graveyard!) 
 Workin' minimum wage. (Graveyard!) Everyday. (Graveyard!) 
 We gotta get over some kinda way 
 Poc... ooh!