Dad I wanna be a rapper can I make a song with you? 
 Not right now man dad kinda busy 
 Well e40 let his son rap and master p let lil romeo rap how come you don't let me rap 
 Ok... I'll let you rap man... uh you know we just... ya know we need some beats and you need to write some lyrics ya know you just can't rap homie 
 I got some beats 
 Where you get some beats from 
 I made 'em up in your studio 
 You made 'em up in my studio? what you doin' up in my studio 
 Workin on my new album 
 Workin on your new album? who let you in my studio 
 Momma 
 Ttt man I'ma kick 
 I mixed it down and burnt it to a CD here ya go... by the way man that's a cheap CD burner 
 What?...man you better not be talkin' about my CD burner man I'ma play this shit and it better bet tight and if it's not I'ma take off my belt and whop your ass you and your mom 
 (Music starts playing) 
 Ok... you made all this by yourself? 
 Yeah? 
 Hey dad why don't you and me have a freestyle session you and me right now 
 Hahha uh yeah... hey get the headphones come in the booth couse 
 With the one two three, three two one [whaa] I'm in the booth freestylein with my son 
 Trippin' on the beat he just made might as well get paied in the sixth grade 
 (Rings) 
 My phone is ringin'... while I'm singin' 
 (I wonder who that is) 
 Hahaha c'mon 
 What up... hello... recordin a song with my son its almost done 
 I'm freestylin on the mike I got on some dirty nikes 
 I done walked through the yard watchin them do the lap around the house 
 Talkin' to my spouce 
 Dad... my and my dad we rap so tight every word we say it sounds so right 
 We just like to do this and that cause all of the sudden our pockets were phat 
 When I was up little bittie kid hey dude guess what I did 
 I did good in school I did good in readin all of the sudden I did good in readin 
 All of the sudden man I wasn't cheatin' on my tests and I did my best 'cause with god 
 I just passed the test 
 Yeah... uh... I useta alwase cheat catch me lookin' at the next man's sheet 
 But I'ma tell you in the song we got our tests back and they both was wrong 
 He got a f I got a f I can do bad by my damn self, don't ever copy off your buddy take your ass home and study 
 (Yeah, damn) 
 C'mon man c'mon... c'mon up to the mike... go go go go 
 Dad let me tell you one thing you just can't go around living like this man what you doin' 
 Cause all of the sudden you gonna get picked 
 'Cause if you go ahead and rob that dude 'cause he got more food 
 Man... what you doin' you can't live life through suueing... man 
 Man I don't like this because man you alwase gettin' pissed 
 Because every time you get mad some dude walk around bein sad 
 When you walk over their and cheer him up all of the sudden he got pride in his cup 
 Then you share with him and you share with he man that's the ultimate 
 (Random laughing) 
 Son we got some work to do... yeah... I wanna chill in my coop deville