Afromans pimpin' Pennsylvania. 
 If you don't know how to suck, I'll train ya. 
 Flyin down the 76 like a 76er. 
 Between the turn table keep the Colt 45 in the mixer.) 
 Chillin' With My girl in Pittsburgh 
 Fuckin' her tits whiles I hit the herb 
 Fucking her friend in State College. 
 No degree, just ghetto knowledge 
 She's from Penn State 
 I'm from the State penn 
 I'm afro mutherfuckin M A N 
 Getting licked by a girl in Lancaster. 
 Leavin' her face a complete disaster 
 Pots Town, Weeds Ville. 
 Pennsylvania getin high for real 
 Betty with the Gettysburg Address 
 I raised her dress and left a mess 
 This girl from Altoona 
 I opened her legs, it was all tuna 
 I met this girl from Clearfield 
 When the coast was clear, I fucked her in the field 
 Just up in the city of brotherly love. 
 What a bunch of Faggots 
 I'm just playin' damn 
 You know I like Randall Cunningham 
 Dr. J, Charles Barkley, 
 Iverson, I ain't done 
 The Fresh Prince, Jazzy Jeff 
 Schooly D, smokin' blunts to death 
 So Dr. J, fuck that J 
 Roll me a Philly for the city of Philly 
 We used to be boys but we turned them in with the munchies 
 Eatin Philly Cheese steak again 
 Who's that smoking by the liberty Bell? 
 It's Afroman from East Palmdale 
 Signing the declaration of independence from our dependence. 
 Lauren, from the city of Warren told me I was boring 
 I pimp slapped Lauren now I got Lauren out there whoren 
 Met this girl form Grove City, as I drove, she flashed her titties 
 I dropped her off in Clarion, Slapped her on her ass, said carry on 
 Took my hoes to Johnstown, they jumped out the car, sucked the Johns down 
 Fucked this girl, form Kittaning, while she was in the backyard tanning. 
 Met this girl form Chevy Chase Heights, my dick takes frequent flights in her pussy and around the globe. 
 Back to Latrobe, fuckin' in a Ford Probe 
 Winter time, feeling leery, van broke down right by Lake Erie 
 Met a little girl in Mill Creek, put my cold hand on her warm butt cheek 
 Got a motel up 79, turned on the heat and everything was fine 
 My van got (indc) in Quarry 
 While I fucked the receptionist Laurie 
 Did a show that night in Titusville 
 Afro is the tightest and that's for real 
 I know why the call it Oil City, 
 All the women like oil on their tittys 
 I met a new girl in New Castle 
 Nothin' feels better than a brand new asshole 
 Virgin girl, from St. Marry, 
 Afroman poppin' that cherry. 
 Summer, from Somerset 
 In the wintertime she's still wet 
 I met a rich lady in Buter, 
 I said, I'm Afroman, your new butler