(Hey Sugar, how you doin'? Your pretty face don't match that nasty attitude 
 What do you mean, 'Where's my girl?' Probly with your man. Can we fuck?) 
 She won't let me fuck 
 I really need to bust a nut 
 She won't let me fuck 
 I really need to bust a nut 
 (Hey, check this out) 
 It's so frustrating being a man, all these sexy women don't understand 
 Things we need to do, every other day or two 
 Like take you home baby, and make sweet love to you 
 But you, you won't let me fucc 
 She won't let me fuck. (You say the mood ain't right) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (I know that pussy's tight) 
 She won't let me fuck. (Give it to me, baby) 
 I really need to bust a nut 
 Her heart is still broken, (Poor baby.) her emotions are sore. (I know what you mean, girl) 
 She is trying to recover from the man before. (Hey, that's my homeboy, 'cause) 
 Her ex-boyfriend, (Who, Jermaine?) he probly can't see (shake that ass) 
 That it was easy for him (uh, say what?) but he made is hard for me. (Why, man?) 
 'Cause she, she won't let me fucc 
 She won't let me fuck. (Aw, give it to me baby) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (You know just what I need) 
 She won't let me fuck. (Girl, you eatin' all my food, you drinkin' all my beer) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (you smokin' all my weed) 
 You rub your ass against me on the disco floor. (shake that ass) 
 I asked you for your number and you said 'Hell no' 
 (That's all right. Hey, fuck that bitch look at that one over there, 'cause) 
 You always hang around me everyday. Different women wanna kick it, but you scare them away 
 Now I get offended when you come around, 'cause I'm tired of my organs 
 (Your organs?) going up and down. That sucks, 'cause she won't let me fucc 
 She won't let me fuck. (Aw, give it to me baby, give it to me honey) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (Don't play with my head again) 
 She won't let me fuck. (Let me hit it baby, let me hit it baby) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (Are you a lesbian?) 
 Oh, let me lick it baby. Let me stick it honey. Buccoooc 
 I'll give you my money 
 Girl, you can have it all. Go ahead and have a ball 
 If you want, you can take them both, baby 
 In the year 2000 I see thousands of pretty young women I find arousin' 
 Grocery store shopping, magazine browsin', many different ways they keep their hair styles and 
 Full of boredom, I walk toward 'em, get 'em close to me 'cause I'm supposed to be 
 Male aggressor, female impresser. Say the right things, possibly undress her 
 But that's the post game, this is still the pre-game 
 Silly woman She-game. Baby, what's your name? 
 Even though I'm a freak, I play it off like a college geek, crack a smile and politely speak 
 With intellect to the woman I select, hoping that she won't detect 
 My egotistical chauvinistical lust I thrust till I scream like Mystical 
 The wrong message I hope I'm not sending. Laughing and pretending my dick's not extending 
 Can't be overzealous, she might discover. She's walkin' away, (Biatch!) blew my cover 
 She won't let me fuck. (You know I love you) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (Please don't change the subject) 
 She won't let me fuck. (We coulda fucked all night long) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (but, but, but, but your telephone number is wrong) 
 She won't let me fuck. (Girl you got a lot to give) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (You dress, you dress, so provocative) 
 She won't let me fuck. (I can see your lingerie, from real far away) 
 I really need to bust a nut. (Bitch, you must think I'm gay) 
 Don't make me beg. Baby, let me rub your leg 
 Don't make me cry. Look into my eye 
 Girl, you damn pretty. Stop actin' so, _? Put some oil on your titt 
 Hey, man, I'm up outta here. She don't wanna fuck