Yo... PinkOmega 
 Yo PinkOmega 
 One bad chef in a kitchen full of dough 
 Three bad bitches with their hands on the stove 
 Making home movies with a hand full of stooges 
 I'm cooking all the dumplings 
 I'm cooking all the dumplings 
 Motherfuckers want to act funny 
 Trying to be a man when your nose is all runny 
 Go to Pre-K, put your bag in your cubby 
 Motherfucking gimmick like your man Jeff Dunnie 
 But who am I to talk. Making preteens laugh for the money 
 Act dumb, slicker than honey, whoops! 
 Rapping in the kitchen but got no silver spoon 
 Got to feed on the bitches, bitches 
 Bad to the bone, prone to the home grown 
 Girls moan when I come home, dick like an ozone 
 Want to step in the ring? 
 Just skin and a sack of shitty meat like dumplings 
 Boy I don't wear Gucci 
 Still classy but rotten like blue cheese 
 We're about to make a movie 
 With a hand held Sony, puffing on a loosie 
 "Cooking the dumplings all day" 
 Is the only thing I say when I mind my business 
 Get the fuck out of my kitchen! 
 I'm cooking up a storm boy. None of that beef shit 
 They say I'm the man in your nightmares 
 Your girl in the bed screaming "right there!" 
 I'm high on the weed and the xany 
 I find it uncanny there's so much poonani 
 They found me the lab doing stem cell research 
 I was trying to grow you some balls 
 The police came but I explained about your bitching 
 Now they want to pitch in and support the cause 
 Hate my ways? That's a personal issue 
 Because you're thinking about me, put down the tissues. (Ew!) 
 Why you still yapping to me? 
 Didn't mommy tell you not to converse with a stranger? 
 Are you crying in the stall with a belt and a razor? 
 Are you really that mad or just a bad imitator? 
 Oh, because I never heard of your dumb ass. (Nope!) 
 Go fuck yourself in the mouth with a taser. (whoop!) 
 Because I'm cooking all the dumplings 
 Because I'm cooking all the dumplings 
 Because I'm cooking all the dumplings 
 Because I'm cooking all the dumplings 
 One bad chef in a kitchen full of dough 
 Three bad bitches with their hands on the stove 
 Making home movies with a hand full of stooges 
 I'm cooking all the dumplings 
 I'm cooking all the dumplings