Woo woo! [in background] 
 Yes sir! Aha 
 New Skateboard P 
 Hey! 
 Let's go get 'em 
 Uh-huh 
 Yo, hola. 
 Mearle maire, club muchacho 
 Asorted flavours, in they solatos 
 Inspire young minds, stacked by Nato's 
 With the right determination of a patho 
 Running 'cross the water with bricks at his poncho 
 Face like a shoot when it's bussin' my glock hold 
 Vanity stings, till I die when the holy father hands me my wings 
 When I was young yo the teacher gave me stanity dreams 
 Giving me music like... and they handed me things, they shoot it up 
 See me on the TV, the cuties they wanna... 
 Both presidential and plus, they hoop it up 
 Got more hits in his zip, who want enough 
 I can go back in time, you be Judge Eato 
 With my men and depedo I know you thinkin' Neato 
 Givin' peace to minutes, something like your T-Vo 
 But it's 3 hundred thousand more with no remote 
 Take it in the rain, I used to live with Tito 
 But he clowned me and told me that my money's free-doughs 
 Now the Enzo doors go up like a Dilo 
 Reon, same song some from my man Nigo 
 SLR, when the doors go up it's like a fresh elle jar 
 Nigga we boss, he shall not get hot, he too frost 
 Yes sir... 
 My nigga close your eyes, 
 Just picture you're self just holdin' pies 
 Impliment a plan and and you'll surely rise 
 Just promised by the man that controls the skies 
 Don't you see, I know that shit's so ill 
 Better yet, dawg, just tell me how you feel 
 ...How you feel dawg? 
 We just picture thinking, dreaming, scheming, breathing, reading, all in the late night 
 Shaking, boiling, lacing, bacon, shaking, shaping, gotta get this cake right 
 As I serve it, you just burn it, breathe it, learn it, now watch you take flight 
 ...My nigga how does it feel? 
 Ha ha! Yes sir! 
 Nigga you don't know me 
 I'm part Howard Hues, part horny, part holy 
 First trip on the ramp is the rock and rolly 
 Keep one on my staff with a new pro-chromy 
 If they priest need the mention that I've been biten 
 But a force be the chocolate where critics are written 
 He dresses insane where his music admire 
 Ask anyone from Vouge and Esquire And Vanity Fair you like can of the year 
 But you should guess who's in insanity chair 
 Now it ain't about what I want 
 Still thumbing through my life like a star born 
 It's one thing to say you did it 
 It's one thing to lie about your didgits 
 It's one thing to say that you live it 
 It's another for you fuckers to admit it 
 But I admit I got all this paper plus the prettiest faces that's off of our nature 
 I drive a Casper, s'cuse me Cassper, wanted meet me at my house, I got space like NASA 
 And it'll make me happy buy yourself a Sattle 
 Unlike my sister Stacy when she lost her papa 
 I been there, gettin' stroke and nothing to trap-uh 
 John could do, when surrounded with true 
 A man dies, baby born, as far as Peru 
 It's a simple proof between us and imposters 
 We hop in the air, and don't care what it costs us 
 Now I'm with NERD with a pit full of Martians 
 I guess you could say that we fly like saucers 
 Zapping at niggas, with classing and figure 
 The cash and class whippers 
 The thrashing mag ripper 
 Go 'head and say it 
 Yes sir! 
 My nigga close your eyes, 
 Just picture you're self just holdin' pies 
 Impliment a plan and and you'll surely rise 
 Just promised by the man that controls the skies 
 Don't you see, I know that shit's so ill 
 Better yet, dawg, just tell me how you feel 
 ...How you feel dawg? 
 We just picture thinking, dreaming, scheming, breathing, reading, all in the late night 
 Shaking, boiling, lacing, bacon, shaking, shaping, gotta get this cake right 
 As I serve it, you just burn it, breathe it, learn it, now watch you take flight 
 ...My nigga how does it feel? 
 Ha ha! Yes sir! 
 Nigga you don't know me...