Little better 
 Yup 
 Little skateboard p 
 Yes sir 
 Yes sir 
 Yes sir 
 Yes sir 
 Ma the way you huggin' on me is a problem what the fuck you tryin' to end up in the gossip column 
 I know I got jewels like I'm the pharroah of the ghetto 
 But we are in the bright ass shiny carrara 
 Stickin' your feet out the window so they can see your stillettos 
 Costs a thousand dollahs same as your house 'n' holla 
 Not to mention your wrists and the 30,000 collah 
 Pussy must be good he's victim to your power... shit 
 That nigga like me I would never allow it 
 Spit that shit on me I'd ask you haveyou showered 
 You wanna get up in my boat and ride 
 Take pictues of with the kid up in ocean drive 
 Go to casatua and sip on calluas at the bar talking to other women about the best jewelers 
 You would like that huh... 
 Smile and still call your girlfriend 
 Who fell asleep at the wheel 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit tryin' to ask me shit 
 Hey yo I walk in brashest 
 Certainly the crassest 
 The restuarants classes 
 The owners is ass 
 My money is green like the helmet of a fashess 
 So what you want patrone no patrussi in glasses 
 Ain't no mystery his daughter knows the history 
 And every night we toast like its victory get with me 
 And I ain't change sense my early intel 
 I've been snackin on shrimp and sippin on shirrley temples 
 What you want 
 No seriously what you thinkin' sense the yukon 
 Never puffed a jay you ask lou shaun 
 Back when he pushed babes like it was like coupons 
 With a house full of dames like it was moulon 
 I would ask there name but they would only do shaun 
 And I ain't sayin' they regret it but fuck would they do but if they could reverse time what the fuck would they do 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit tryin' to ask me shit 
 Honeys pandomania eyes like a rainion lighter than the blue of the sky or the day we in 
 Ass like a volleyball 
 Kind that make your dick hard 
 Head to the hustlas so sweet she can get cars 
 Now she here with me little skateboard p cheaper than the sound of a bird that chirps 
 I spit then I hit then I murk yes sir 
 I flick chicos sticks and a twix that's her 
 She admire how a champion lives how I sign Ja Rule with a ramp in my crib 
 I'm a champion I do as a champion did except I improve with the new and the rest get rid 
 But some y'all don't like that it seems you tryin' to bite back instead of sayin' hi gettin' fly but I'll be right back 
 My dude got the skills if you think your fly 
 Shoot the wings of your egoand watch you sky dive 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit... raspy shit 
 Don't try to come up on my ear talkin' all that raspy shit tryin' to ask me shit.