B Boy and B Girl, come on let's... 
 Da da da da da hey! 
 B Boy... dance! 
 B Boyz, and B Girlz, c'mon let's dance! 
 B Boyz, and B Girlz, c'mon let's dance! 
 Place that, taste that, chase rap ill 
 When I rock that I do bill 
 I've got skills, not run of the mill 
 Told you before I ain't never gonna chill 
 Blaze that, uh, we can raise that up 
 Sedate the rhyme, or pour it straight in the cup 
 Yo, drink it down, 'cause I'm wearin' the crown 
 All the little children now please gather around 
 Listen to me, now, while I'm splittin' this free 
 Not the kind of guy that you ever see like me 
 When I do it it's good, 'cause we bumpin' the hood 
 And records come out on the street and they go triple wood 
 Uh, the style's just too hot, 
 Lovin' the rhythm the way and I make that pop 
 When it comes to rockin' freeze yo, I just don't stop 
 Right now you'll hear the record drop 
 B Boyz, and B Girlz, c'mon let's dance! 
 B Boyz, and B Girlz, c'mon let's dance! 
 Now, yo, I speak to the people 
 Give them the real, and not the evil 
 I won't deceive you, come in the flesh 
 Tap on the mike, give it a test 
 When it comes to rhymes, my mind never rests 
 You can say that I'm spiritually blessed 
 Yeah, every time that I'm at events 
 When I step to the mike, I get straight off my chest 
 There's no time left, hip hop's dyin' 
 Can't you see Mother Hip Hop's cryin' 
 Yeah, I'm tryin' to move to Zion 
 Spit rhymes off that do now without tryin' 
 When a record come out, you should be buyin' 
 Supernatural, that individual that gets lyrical 
 Put a crown on me, 'cause I am Imperial 
 I should have my face on front of a box of cereal 
 Freestyle crunchies for when you get the munchies 
 This is for the children, this if for the child 
 The way that I freak the style 
 Put a skirt on it, he'll watch me do work on it 
 Clean it off and then blow off the dirt on it 
 Like I said, search and destroy 
 This is dedicated to all the B Boyz 
 B Boyz, and B Girlz, c'mon let's dance! 
 B Boyz, and B Girlz, c'mon let's dance!