(Intro: Phil Da Agony) 
 For all my Down South, West Coast, East Coast club 
 Down South, West Coast, East Coast club 
 Down South, West Coast, East Coast club 
 Down South, West Coast, East Coast club 
 Down South, West Coast, East Coast club 
 Baby, betta cut you a rug 
 (Phil Da Agony) 
 For my dimes, doves, hustlers, thugs 
 Posted outside of the lines of the clubs 
 Clubs, clubs, affectin all of y'all 
 Fights at night, right clutchin my jaws 
 Laws get broken, hoppin on the first thing smokin' 
 Rhymes in the marinade soakin 
 Kin folks all at the bar, yo put the bottles on ice 
 And let 'em who you are, you a star 
 Tash got cash, Supernat' rollin' up stacks 
 Phil-a react on a will.i.am track 
 Back to the basics, 501s with the Asics 
 Rap City rhymes from +The Basement+ 
 Cement blocks, still on my +Lox+ 
 +Money, Power, Respect+, still on my licks 
 I get the whole crowd wet 
 Betcha bottom dollar, we top dollar, Rotweiller 
 Hip-hop scholars, disc jocks holler 
 (Chorus: will.i.am) 
 Ah naw (y'all ain't ready for this) 
 Hell naw (y'all ain't ready for this) 
 Cause y'all ain't ready, you steady try to 
 ("Pick it up, pick it up!") but it's just too heavy for ya 
 Ah naw (y'all ain't ready for this) 
 Hell naw (y'all ain't ready for this) 
 Y'all ain't ready, you steady try to 
 ("Pick it up, pick it up!") but it's just too heavy for ya 
 (Tash) 
 And I'm a shark in the water searchin for that place 
 Swing around baby girl, swing that ass re-way 
 Me and Ick lit the wick to the dynamite stick, 
 It goes..."SSSSSSSSS, ss-ss-ss, phoo".. 
 Kamikaze, paparazzis dodge me 
 Walkin' through the club, I look drugged up like Ozzy 
 I leave 'em in the dust then it's, ashes to ashes 
 Y'all sport Jordans? Jordan sports Tashes 
 Alas is, me and Supernat is runnin' through 'em 
 We don't {*gun cocks*}, we just sue 'em 
 CD to the wax, the wax is to the MiniDisc 
 We walk in Benz dealerships like "Yeah {bitch}, gimme this!" 
 And roll off that drop top off the lot 
 I'm beatin' down your block, what the {fuck} y'all got? (woop! woop!) 
 Catastrophe and the Black Eyed Peas 
 I'm comin' through straight FADIN on you wack emcees, it's like... 
 (Phil Da Agony) 
 Stars, cars, wars, clothes 
 Tearin down stages, late night shows 
 Chips, whips, tips, kicks 
 Posted in the club, flicks, chicks 
 Stars, cars, wars, clothes 
 Tearin down stages, late night shows 
 Chips, whips, tips, kicks 
 Posted in the club, flicks, chicks, c'mon 
 (Supernatural) 
 The club is packed, it's filled with smoke 
 My fits are fresh, yo I'm 'bout to make my approach 
 It didn't hit the stroke of twelve, I'm under the spell 
 'Bout to make my move to the corner, twist up an L 
 The DJs' playin' my shit, start rollin' it fast 
 So I can get to the bar and start toastin with Tash 
 Play this joint in the club, get the party on smash 
 My interest is +Grand+, yo and I'm a +Master+ like Caz 
 Predators in the club, lookin' straight for the stab 
 Ready to get freaky-deaky, go back to the lab 
 I love that it's club night, I'm gettin' my rub right 
 Don't you hate when cats spoil it by havin' a club fight? 
 But that's all right, one cat don't stop no show 
 Bouncers, do your job, Phil, pass that droll 
 We gonna, do it to death, then do it some mo' 
 Look at the way the shortys movin out there on the flo', whoa