It's not about a salary, it's all about reality 
 I'm all in the academy, exposin all the fallacies 
 Not who other rappers be, FEW can go on after me 
 I know the city's trappin me, watch 'em like my calories 
 Cats that wanna battle me, they learn of the catastrophe 
 Don't bring your rappin' back to me 
 NEVER will you ever challenge me with what you chat to me 
 SEALED is my anatomy, I do it lyrical mastery, KRS - OH! 
 The time has arrived as your wake up call 
 When I'm rhymin, I'm obliged to shake up all 
 It be a claat, this will drop the mic and take a ball 
 Too many part-time rappers that fake and stall 
 When you see KRS, you will say I'm tall 
 Cause no I don't take shorts, not at all 
 Philosopher, not some trick in the mall 
 {Before rock met rap, I was sicker than all} 
 I MASTERED THIS! FEW rappers goin' after Kris 
 Thirteen albums, you do the math on this! 
 Obviously, knowledge you have to get 
 What the ignorant don't know, hell they'll laugh at it 
 All my college students you know you have to get 
 Your receipt, I mean degree, it's only facts I spit 
 Take it, cause everyone ain't gonna make it 
 If you're hearin my voice, you have a choice now TAKE IT! 
 (Chorus: Will.I.Am (KRS)) 
 Just take it, you need it 
 We got way more in store, believe me 
 Consume it, {inhale} breathe it 
 (Take t-take take t-take t-take take it!) 
 Just take it, you need it 
 We got way more in store, believe me 
 Consume it, {inhale} breathe it 
 (Take t-take take t-take t-take take it!) 
 (KRS-One) 
 I rhyme, for the inner-city 
 No I don't ask for no praise or no pity 
 I got the power, you want to stay with me 
 Further down this lyrical road, it gets tricky 
 Stay with me! A different type of rapper emceein 
 Seeing is believing but believing is seeing 
 And seeing is agreein with the truth of your higher being 
 So when I'm rhymin, I take time with the minds I'm freein 
 The teacher is teachin, the student is seekin' 
 Them hookers be creepin' instead of a book on the weekend 
 I'm lookin' to nukin 'em all in the dust 
 They reject knowledge and without the anointing, you rust 
 Laugh if you must, but trust that I see you naked 
 You need what I'm givin', but you front and you fakin 
 So like I stated, everybody ain't gonna make it 
 But if you're hearin my voice, you have a choice now TAKE IT! 
 (KRS-One) 
 I'll keep on bringin' it, singin' it till your ears is ringin' 
 And steamin, gleamin the dream and true emceein with meaning 
 And see men, we all fiendin for the cream and the screamin 
 A demon got us believing screamin rhymin for NO reason! 
 Every weekend we weaken, discipline is what we needin 
 But we too busy freakin to understand divine speaking 
 KRS and BBE, with Will 1X and Phife Dawg, you'll see me 
 OH! OH! It's the real hip-hop 
 KRS-One, shout out to Scott La Rock 
 We do it from here to there, every city, every block 
 And now it's about time we STOP!