[Mic Tyson Speaking] 
 They're never gonna forget about me, your great grand kids are gonna say "wow, wasn't that a bizarre individual" 
 Sean Price: 
 Shit on ya hood, y'all niggas ain't shit in the good 
 Take a dump on your Champion and shit on your hood 
 Leave my bootcamp stamp in the hood, size 12 
 I beat bass out of ya face, ya Rhazel 
 I lift barbells, I spit bars well 
 Y'all niggas got cream, but soft like Carvel 
 Pa, my cartel from Kingston kills shit 
 My Brownsville monkey-faced niggas, they steal shit 
 Yeah, Decleptocon, the sket that I'm 
 Holdin' in my hand will kill you duke, so let go mine 
 Sean P, bastard rhyme, past my prime 
 What life without rap tough? Pass the nine 
 Right or wrong, I'm right AND wrong 
 Best believe everything the god write is Sean 
 Royce Da 5'9: 
 Royce the five messiah Ridin' with Sean to some chrome lips 
 Sittin' higher upon the rim than Lebron is 
 I touch weight, That mean it got one in the head 
 I call them clips John And Kate 'Cause they Plus 8 
 I got the booth poppin' Don't ask about the album 
 Come with a mask and ask when the next flu droppin' 
 I don't blog I bury More horsepower than the Murcielago carries 
 I got bitches that hit niggas for me 
 And I'll send them to your crib like Chicago Larry 
 The internet tryin' to indict a man 
 The web changin' the world like fuckin' Spider Man 
 Them packs in back albino 24 hours a day, 
 I'm fryin' 'em But I ain't no diner 
 Y'all niggas can be as muscle bound as you want 
 Y'all pussies I treat you niggas like the vagina on Chyna 
 [Sean Price speaking] 
 I don't even, I don't like nobody. Ha ha. Fuck. I know you don't like me you don't got to. I don't like you neither, fuck you nigga. I don't even like niggas who don't act like me I don't give a fuck though. Know what I mean? That's just how I was... fuck y'all niggas. 
 P! 
 [Mike Tyson Speaking] 
 Man, listen man, I don't know nothin' about being the heavy-weight champ, only thing I know, I know how to fight man. 
 I'm a nigger, no really really really, I'm not saying like I'm a black person, I mean I'm a street person, I don't even want to be a street person, I don't even like typical street people, that's just who I became, and what happened to my life. Tragedies in life made me that way but, you know I'm Mike, I'm not malevolent or anything, I just am.