(Verse 1) Rock 
 Words from the great Don Rocco, Kindness is not weakness. 
 Not knocking your bitch ass bloody is not easy. 
 So when your ass fall to the asphalt just remember 
 It's your dumb ass fault that all. 
 Comma comma cameleon, change up. come back run up on em, and kill em. 
 A wonderful feelin', next ta gettin' pussy. imma getchya pussy. 
 Niggaz is cookies, imma monsta, rockness a wookie call me chewbacca jublocka blocka. 
 Bitch don't push me. No star wars no celebrity death match. 
 Well bet that celebrity sket clapped. Who said that? huh? 
 Rock filthy but not guilty. I ain't goin' nowhere unless y'all kill me. 
 Really, fuck all that top 5 MC shit bitch. I'm the best MC that empties clips. 
 Lets go! 
 (Hook/chorus) 
 Somebody gunna die I can hear it. 
 Somebody 'bout to see somebody's spirit 
 123 resuscitation clear it, and you are near it. 
 Somebody gunna die, I promise 
 Any questions concerns or comments? 
 (Verse 2) Law 
 You want fame, go and leroy dance 
 I fold niggaz, I and I ain't talkin' b boy dance. 
 The Great Houdini, my magic is bad. 
 Go to the funeral and Saw the damn casket in half. 
 So I cassette tape around you mouth and hands, 
 Not memorex I'm talkin' ounce and grams 
 Certified gutta, ask about ya man. 
 Walk in your hood and make niggaz bounce and scram. 
 Use my apex this is unsafe sex, you can stay stress 
 Like waitin results of aids test. 
 Amazed yet? This is done without days rest. 
 Ace your H. lace like my pen through pages. 
 Hell summer time, Snatch the cover of your stumbled mind. 
 Give my pounds like the button on the nine. 
 Stop at the drop of ten cent, the get cut the fuck up 
 Like a body builders convention. 
 (Hook/chorus) 
 6 million ways ta die, Choose one add Sean Price, that's like 6 million and 1. 
 I'm sick iller then guns drill ya ta kill ya for fun. 
 Nine-millimeter knocks the meter off your sun, my gun dumb loud and short 
 I will shoot up your back and fuck up you lumbar support. 
 Listen, shoot up your tires. shoot up a tyrant 
 Don't shoot yourself like duke from the Giants 
 I might shoot a nigga for sayin' my name wrong 
 Next time get it right, mutha fucker I'm Sean Price 
 Predicate felon, Two time loser. One more strike its life 
 Damn right I'm a shooter. 
 Buddha bless bless budda da sket shooter 
 Blam blam the ruger you red like ?? 
 Cript the rapper original gun clapper after I rap 
 Nobody should rap after I clap ya 
 (Hook/chorus)