*This is Kimbo Price, He is a fighter who as you can see from the blood on his knuckles, has no problem taking apart peoples faces! * 
 Tell Dru that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Tell Buck that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Tell Shucky that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Noah already know, Ruckus runnin' the label now. 
 I don't care who hot, I don't care who drop 
 It's my time nigga imma do what it do ack 
 Crack in my tube socks, stackin my shoe box 
 Money makin' (mr. sab ?) shoes is too hot 
 Listen to Tupac, thinkin' you thugged out 
 Hit em' with 2 shots, thinkin' you slugged out 
 Niggas is bugged out, too many dust joints 
 Get to the point Ruck, Ruckus like "fuck points! " 
 Earth, Wind, and Fire out your face when the god smack em' 
 Eight spit, face-lift nigga when Sean rappin' 
 Niggas hope Sean pop, niggas know Sean flop 
 Johnny Rambo shit, (f beam?) with the long stock 
 I told these motherfuckers I ain't playin' around this time 
 I came back for the, money and crown this time, listen 
 Fuck up ya stomach a gun to your navel 
 Tell Dru and Buck that Ruckus is runnin' the label. 
 Tell Dru that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Tell Buck that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Tell Shucky that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Noah already know, Ruckus runnin' the label now. 
 Tell Steele that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Tell Tek that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Tell Rock that Ruckus runnin' the label now 
 Ruste already know, Ruckus runnin' the label now. 
 *You know, we could always do that bare-knuckle style, you know what I'm sayin', we can always take it back to the old school, that would work for me, know what I'm sayin' Its whatever with me man, but if you keep on rappin' man, I might have to zip ya clothes baby 'cause I'm gettin' tired of the talk, know what I'm sayin' so the next one that have something to say, just see me indirectly man, I'll come to your camp, know what I'm sayin' and that real talk man, holla at ya boy, I ain't goin' no where* 
 P!