(Feat. Grand Puba and Sadat X) 
 (Some guy talking) 
 Darling 
 Ya know, you give a man a reason for living 
 Not to mention, you take my paycheck 
 Now baby, but I give it to you because I love you 
 Ya know 'cause the things that I feel so proud about 
 The things that you do 
 Ya know, like runnin' my car into telephone poles 
 Plus (?) I didn't get mad did I? 
 Y-Y-y'member, 'member when 
 W-W-When I told you to take my clothes to the cleaners 
 And on the way out 
 My very best pinstripe caught a nail 
 I didn't get mad 
 I was proud because you thought, enough of your man 
 To be in such a hurry 
 It made me feel grand, yes it did 
 Uuh I need you, I just need you 
 Uh 
 You know I was your bread, your butter 
 And I ain't talkin' bout dat bread I fucked up on you 
 Cause in my head man I swore I lucked up 
 Wasn't countin' all the butter I spread on you 
 So true now, why would I play you bitch I made you 
 I'm not talkin' 'bout the things dat I gave you 
 Clothes wit the labels, I brought you round Hov and da label 
 Spring water while holdin' you're age koo 
 Now I ain't tryin' to degrade you 
 But you was a lost little girl in your world, boo I saved you 
 Ya pop owe me a favor, I basically raised you 
 From squada to Bentley-whippin 
 Ain't have to watch Cribs to see how I was livin' 
 Me, so blinded ain't see the Robin Givens in you 
 Huh, shoulda seen the Ginger in you 
 Tried to off Beans like raw steam? Go figure 
 Youu take my dough, spend wit the next nigga you crazy bitch? 
 And dis was the one I trusted 
 Who would ever think she would spread like mustard? 
 Bitch I was your bread and butter 
 You shoulda tucked dat bread and butter 
 Ya know what?... Dis shit funny to me 
 It ain't nuttin but money to me 
 You lookin' homely to me 
 But I was your bread and butter 
 Bitch shoulda tucked dat bread and butter 
 You got the whole town laughin' at me, silly he 
 Silly to see got me feelin' silly like Denise like 
 Oh what could it be in you, I see 
 N dis young P-Y-T 
 She got me L-O-V, E-T-K-O'd 
 Uh, like Teddy P. whatever she say goes 
 But I'm, ready to (Turn Off The Lights) 
 Close the door, on my pretty young mi amore 
 Now peep game wit 'em, need, I, more 
 Gimme dat, E thy or 
 No Beanie Mac don't play dat crap wit these whores 
 She want me missin' her (in my room) like the OJ's homes 
 But I'm on to my zone like O.J. Jones 
 Beano brown, cancel dis bitch, I'll buy another one 
 It's my world you lil squirrel tryna get a nut bitch 
 Do you- what bitch? Lil smut bitch 
 Got you're name ringin', spreadin like mustard 
 And I'm supposed to trust it after he touched it? 
 I told dat ass (slow down) like Puba 
 Now you're days are gray like the 4 pound Ruga 
 Bread and Butter, see I was your bread and butter 
 F'lay baby ya hips is gettin' big 
 Now you gettin' thin you don't care about your whip 
 'Cause I was your bread and butter 
 Shoulda tucked dat bread and butter 
 (Bridge being sung) 
 So proud, of you... a'ye-ah 
 I gotta say it loud, yes I do, a'yeah (yeah yeah) 
 When you do (do) What you do (do) 
 How do you do, What you do 
 Aw, shame on you 
 I need you (oh oh) 
 (Verse 3 - Grand Puba) 
 Yeah 
 Now you know I was your bread and butter 
 You had a shot to be my baby mother 
 Ain't no sorry I ain't Ruben Studdard 
 I can't apologize, it's multi-platnimum time 
 Takin' all my shit and sendin you back to your moms cryin 
 So don't cry baby dry, ya eyes 
 You tried to get all greasy like you super-size fries 
 So, pack ya shit 
 Leave the whip 
 It's been nice but listen ma I gotta defrost ya ice 
 Dats rite 
 Bread and Butter (4x) 
 (Mm Mm said repeatedly till fade to end)