(Feat. Peedi Crakk and Twista) 
 (Intro - Peedi Crack) 
 P., P. Crack Cocaine 
 B., B. Mack is back 
 Chad, Chad West on track 
 (Chorus 1 - Peedi Crack) 
 I Gotta Have It! Shot out to my b-boy Beans 
 And my S.P. chain gang, doin' the damn thing 
 I Gotta Have It! Don't forget my boogie with beam 
 That keep me in good health and kill ya, ya'mean? 
 (Verse 1 - Peedi Crack) 
 Chain gang, gang bang, let my middle finger hang 
 Ain't nothin' changed my name, P. Crack Cocaine (P. Crack Cocaine) 
 Relapse, I stay zapped, my urine ain't clean 
 No one to blame but Peedi and a nigga I mean (nigga I mean) 
 Ten stacks, Crack come to the club and do the thing 
 You ain't got that, I'm in the crib fixin my bricks 
 Style back, that's the method-zine 
 About to get your four stressed 
 So I can whip back on the whole sixteenth 
 (Verse 2 - Beanie Sigel) 
 B. Mack, seat back, S.P. intact 
 You see me with Crack, we strapped 
 What's the reason for that? (What's the reason for that?) (I Gotta Have It!) 
 I need that, that Philly-boy clap 
 Hit you niggas in your back, send the rest in your hat (send the rest in your hat) 
 Stay strapped with the mack, with the hoodie too tall stack 
 The aim all that, when I flame you get all that (you get all that) 
 Me Boy Mack fuck with cracks since tall cats (It's the chain gang!) 
 Gang bang! I suggest y'all fall back 
 (Chorus 2 - Twista and Peedi Crack) 
 I Gotta Have It! Shot out to my boy B. Sige 
 And the S.P. chain gang for doin' the damn thing 
 I Gotta Have It! Don't forget the rrring rrring 
 That keep me in good health and kill ya, ya'mean? 
 (Verse 3 - Peedi Crack) 
 Chain gang, lickey with the ban 
 Quickly spit it rrring 
 Sickey Rickey get his ziggy bang 
 Snitchin on the gang (gang) 
 Don't forget you get that Uncle Midi 
 Get him for his chain 
 Simply give him a chitty bang, sit him in a cling (cling) 
 No name, no blame, Mack 10 no aim 
 Hi-lo, rhino, put your body in pain 
 No play no games, 'fore blow your brain 
 Bo range me after the show, you know of course I Gotta Have my... 
 (Verse 4 - Beanie Sigel) 
 State Prop click and pop hit you niggas with the glock 
 Catch a nigga whippin in the kitchen cookin in the pot 
 Pursue it then might crack you (smack you), hit him with the glock 
 (When you hear that!) Then you know here come the cops 
 What up, wait, stop, fuck the cops! 
 Got the baby uzi whop, turn your cruiser to a drop (cruiser to a drop) 
 Get off the block 'fore SWAT surround the spot 
 We be locked in a box, three hots and a cot (I can't have it!) 
 (Verse 5 - Twista) 
 The may-or of Chi, this ain't even ain't no kings and queens 
 Fixin to hurt from us when you jerk us, we Merciless like Ming 
 Twista and Beanie greedy like Peedi make the gun go rrring 
 When you look at the thing, give me the bling 
 Hand me the chain and the ring 
 Baller in the bubble, blowin' bubble, always actin' up 
 When trouble feel the double barrell of a double platnium thug 
 Clappin, ready for some action, and I'm going to empty the crib 
 I rep for the Roc and the State Property clique 
 Homey, you can't do shit 
 Throw a finger up, give me love, Remi in the club 
 When they see these thug, in a circle, snort the 50s up 
 Range Rov, 24 inch, blacked out bulbs 
 Blows fast, but hit your ho slow with the soul pole 
 Creeping on niggas trying to test me in the black drop top 
 Pull up and let the booper go bop, bop-bop 
 Treat you, in the wind, to my borough, blowin' on my back 
 And do the same to any nigga that's tryna take what I got 
 I Can't Have It! 
 (Outro - Peedi Crack) 
 It's gettin', it's gettin', it's gettin' kind of hectic 
 It's gettin', it's gettin', it's gettin' kind of hectic 
 It's gettin', it's gettin', it's gettin' kind of hectic 
 It's gettin', it's gettin', it's gettin' kind of hectic 
 Se pone, se pone, se pone muy difcil 
 Se pone, se pone, se pone muy difcil 
 Se pone, se pone, se pone muy difcil 
 Se pone, se pone, se pone muy difcil 
 Chain gang, gang bang 
 P., P., P., P. Crack Cocaine 
 B., B. Mack is back 
 Chad, Chad West on track 
 Now let's go!