Ay Lo, run to the fridge and pop that other bottle of Cris' homey 
 I'm off the weed but I'm back on my juice nigga 
 Pour me up an ounce and a couple of th epurps 
 (Beanie Sigel:) 
 As I skate through the city in that black cuatro 
 You fake Willies frontin like you got dough until I prove 'em it's not so 
 I shine like a brand new penny from that Franklin Mint 
 That black Masi', it don't make no cents/sense 
 But to drive and make dollars, your pockets flat like tires 
 Your money still ALL SLOW like new drivers 
 I pop more than the collar 
 You niggaz poppin' cheap-ass bottles of Moet 
 That bullshit Chandon, that little chick on your arm be long gone 
 When she recognize a real don 
 I'm in the club in the cut sippin on aged grapes 
 Laughin' at them brolic car thieves, in their slim-ass jeans and Bath' Apes 
 Lookin' half gay, halfway out of the closet 
 You don't believe me, nigga ask Sway 
 What the fuck is that? You niggaz need to be slapped 
 Whoever co-signed bein a sucker wasn't stacked 
 HHEH! (echoes) 
 HHEH! (echoes) 
 (Beanie Sigel:) 
 Uh, sit back, relax, let's rap for taste 
 Track 10 from the fits, peep my old head face 
 You see if real niggaz respect it, the squares gon' rep it 
 I'm guessin, that's why this bullshit keep progressin 
 But I ain't stressin, nigga class in session 
 I'm here to teach you a lesson like KRS'n 
 "Criminal, Minded, you've been blinded" 
 Lookin' for a nigga like Sig', you won't find it 
 I'm a dinosaur~! You niggaz more like 
 What I look for in a whore, heh, PUSSY! 
 Nuttin more, nuttin less, I'm nuttin to second guess 
 I'm him, point blank period, the end 
 When I'm long gone, they gon' dig up my bones 
 And study my poems and learn I was MORE than the gun in the song 
 Even though I spit a gat 
 Quicker than I spit a rap, now go 'head sonny, run along 
 HHEH! (echoes) 
 HHEH! (echoes) 
 (Beanie Sigel:) 
 Now when that sizzurp in my system, ain't no tellin' 
 Will I bust that four-fifth and, catch another felon' 
 I'm a thug by blood, not just off drugs 
 Even though I love, that purple mug 
 UHH, drunk off syrup, perks and zanees 
 Spit a word make a bird lose her skirt and her panties (and them panties) 
 I know it's been a while, since I left a stain on your brain 
 Gave you some game that you can gain from 
 I'm here to end it now 
 Break the cycle of that bullshit same ol' same, that these lames run 
 It's a shame it's they names where they came from 
 These niggaz fly-by-nights, they couldn't fly my kite 
 Tie my shoes, lace my boots 
 They money run short, they couldn't chase my loot 
 Paper small like Coupes, I'm that Sport sittin' butter soft 
 He nothin' but a boss - who? Me - Sig', but of course 
 HHEH! (echoes) 
 HHEH! (echoes)