(Feat. Ozzy Osbourne) 
 Hail Mary full of grace I got the devil in my head again, my eyes blood shot red again.I thought I 
 Escaped this trap, but I'm back smokin' on a surface purple plat.Satan whispers, got me back on 
 My dark liquor, that fire water killin' my liver, the snake hisses in my ear I'ts a natural born fear, kill 
 Em all full of tears? Is my mind playin' tricks on me is that man in dat trench coat after me, I wake 
 Up with my sheet soaked half a sleep, hearin 2pac's voice screamin blasphemy sayin' come with 
 Me c run quick c? Then I hear the voice of B.I.G., dyin' ain't the shit but It's pleasant kinda quite 
 But I don't buy It. 
 (Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne) 
 Day of Judgement God Is calling 
 Underneath the war pigs crawling 
 Begging mercy for the sins 
 Satan laughing spreads his wings... 
 Oh Lord Yeah 
 Tarpped and ya done, ya? from the path of sooner? off the natural consumer, 5 prayers are 
 Declared but I barely get to It, fornicating with these? my life is a ruins, It's hard to fight back tears 
 When I'm in tune with my music banned from the? cause the occupation I'm choosin', I'm a 
 Muslim by nature gangster by circumstance some sayin' the workin man don't stand a chance 
 And I'm a man & I ain't perfect but that's a pour excuse It ain't workin, a man once complained he 
 Ain't have no shoes so he once met a man who ain't have no feet.They say prayer better to 
 Sleep the earth shall belong to the meat? I try to be a mouth full a speech, knowing everythings 
 Written and the clock is still ticking therefore I just pray that I'm prepared for... the day 
 Our Father please show me the light my life ain't right, the devil got my head in a vice I can't 
 Escape 'em he keep chasin, in the name of the most patient I rebuke the Satan, causin trials and 
 Revelations tryin' to test my faith bringing? to my life with your whirling temptation let's say a payer 
 For the souls that lost in the matrix, who ever eat of the fruit should forever dwell in the?, As I 
 Walk through the valley I shall show no fear or forever dwell in the house as the hour torwards 
 Near and as you call a long song I shall shed no tear but rejoice in your words cause the truth is 
 Clear.They buildin up then they tearin down, revelations in effect here and now, I was terrified of 
 Death but I don't fear It now, I was blind, dumb, & deaf but I hear it now do you hear me now... 
 Good.