Yeah I still love you baby... 
 Yo, yo, yo the story gets crazy but in the beginning the shit was all gravy my girlfriend she straight up from Brooklyn type of chick jus to kill another bitch just for looking she's so Brooklyn she so crazy I swear to god man I love my baby, but you could all ways catch a nigga hanging out I was in the late night spot smoking out. That's when I saw this girl she was leaning, she was kind of tipsy from the drink she was drinking, she was looking then she started winking, thinking to my self man I probably shouldn't be here I got her name then I got her number, I should be ashamed because I went home and called her, now we on the phone telling me she older said she from the Bronx and she want me to come over I was like... 
 Dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe I cheated on my woman with a girl from the Bronx 
 Man this shit gets deeper I hoped on the subway jus to go meet her she was looking like a wannabe diva freaky lil bitch borderline skuzzier, my girlfriend she wasn't hesitating she blowing up my phone ever second we was hanging... she so inpatient she's on probation I swear to god man I love my baby, but I always spend my time hanging out sawp chilling with this hoe in the Bronx digging her out. Fucked her in the kitchen, hit it on the couch, I can't forget to mention I put it in her mouth. And now it's a long ride home I know I was so damn wrong... but dam I had so much fun. My girl kept calling my phone I'm thinking about what I've done. 
 Dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe I cheated on my woman with a girl from the Bronx 
 The next day I thought shit was all over but my girlfriend giving me the cold shoulder said she found some empty condom rappers in the rova, now she throwin' fits telling me to go, crying in the bed room burning all my cloths taking all my shoes and put 'em on the stove all in the kitchen looks like a furnace... ten minutes later whole house burning, and now you see me in a robe running out and you can here the police coming without a doubt. The cops saw us fussing my girl was tripping hard, they locked me up in handcuffs threw me in the car, and now I know that It's over I called her over and over she won't answer my call's I thought my pimping days were over, I stood up only to fall. 
 Dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe I... dam I can't believe cheated on my woman with a girl from the... cheated on my woman with a girl from the... cheated on my woman with a girl from the Bronx.