Hey what's up my nig? 
 Shit, just chilling, what's happening? 
 Shit nothing, whatchu up to? 
 Shit, not too much, hey you ain't seen that nigga Snoop? 
 Man hell no, I been calling that nigga since Starsky and Hutch 
 I ain't fin' to call that nigga no more man 
 Oh like that? 
 Man f'real man, I ain't buyin that new album either 
 I'ma download that motherfucker for free 
 Let that nigga know when I see him man 
 Shit, there he go right there 
 Huh? 
 I don't say much 
 I don't say Alize, no I don't say Dutch 
 Keep yo' hands off until I say, okay touch 
 I never come off tacky, I'm a boss exactly 
 I'm like the slick suit Snooperfly Versace 
 Conversation flashy, y'all niggas can't match me 
 I talk to you slow, so your game can roll 
 Take advice from a player, don't love her just play her 
 Boy I never could dare, to pay double the fare 
 Man I swear to God it's gon' be some trouble in here 
 Before I pay that bitch, I'm like a bossy hog 
 Half dog, half gorilla, bitch Donkey Kong 
 Niggas thirst for hoes, I got a thirst to ball 
 Trying to knock a pimp's hustle, be the first to fall 
 Fucking with a-hundred-fifty, whole can of vodka 
 Mixed with gang-bang, got a program like Poppa (hey hold up man) 
 I'ma do you a favor, let this pimping save ya 
 Leave that bitch alone, the homies call her Ms. Behavior 
 Boy you move too fast, done too much talking 
 I'm too much walking to one who keep hoes hawking 
 Don't fuck with Snoop too much 'cause he goes off when 
 Niggas mouth too much, so please no flossing 
 I step up quicker, cause the game don't pause 
 I gotta stay sucker free, cause it ain't no laws 
 Dig this y'all 
 (Chorus: Snoop Dogg) 
 That's the bidness man, step my game up up in this mayne 
 Long hours hard minutes man, with this hustle on splendid mayne 
 P.A. perfect attendance man 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 'Cause I'm a boss 
 Yeah, real bossy like, and sometimes flossy 
 And if you fucking with that 
 {"I I know, I, I I know, I know you gonna dig this"} 
 I had to tell you the truth homey, but you got mad 
 Yeah I hurt yo' feelings, FUCK IT, it's too damn bad 
 I'm a major player, I got major game 
 I might floss a different bitch, but the pimpin' the same 
 I ain't got time for no haters, I lay 'em flat on they back 
 I'm from the Dogg Pound homey, I don't fuck with them cats 
 I fuck with, niggas, who be busting them shots 
 I'm talking Long Beach, Inglewood, Compton, Watts 
 Close your chops, I knows your spots 
 Keep talking nigga I'll expose your knots 
 You ain't ready for daddy, boy I do this for fun 
 It's like you versus Kobe balling one on one 
 You ain't got no chance, you ain't got no fans 
 I kick the shit out you punk, look momma no hands 
 I'm not a, holy roller but I pray so hard 
 Help me, I'm sending these bitch niggas straight to God 
 Shit I'm too damn grown, conversation is sho't 
 While your talk is funny, Jack I talk with money 
 Keep the chain on bling, the rock is sunny 
 For you smart mouthted bitches I ain't that dummy 
 ("Hell no," he replied) 
 ("God damn!") 
 ("Let me tell you something") 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 That's the bidness, that's the bidness 
 Aw, that's the bidness, can I get a witness? 
 Aw, yeah, that's the bidness, aww yeah, say what, yeah 
 That's the bidness, but can I get a witness?