(Kurupt) 
 Woke up one morning out some bomb ass cock 
 My dick kinda limp so I cruise around the block 
 Call my cousin snoop as I swoop in the coupe 
 Stop by my homey dru house to puff on the loop 
 Seen my little homey style who I ain't seen in a while 
 Damn near gone, floatin on cloud one-nine 
 Liquor sto', so I grab some mixed gin and juice 
 Got a quarter pound of bud so I'm fucked up two 
 Seven, eight, nine ten eleven twelve 
 Bailed back in the crib (for what?) because I'm all-in 
 Conversated then I dug the hoe out 
 I fixed me some food, then go the hell out 
 Two a.m. on the dizot, I pause and I stizop 
 I reminisce on that ass that I rizocked 
 Now I'm high as a kite 
 Yeah, and I'm feelin' all right 
 Four a.m. as I stoll back to my crib 
 To see what's with my woman and my newborn kid 
 (Snoop doggy dogg) 
 With my mind on my money and my money on my mind 
 We do this everyday about the same time, beyotch! 
 (Nate dogg) 
 I was at the park one day, that's when I saw her face 
 She looked kind of cavi to me 
 But when I take her home, and tap that ass I'm gone 
 I'm just a dog don't blame me 
 (Snoop doggy dogg) 
 Now do I love them hoes? (hell naw!) 
 And why is that? (because you're snoop doggy dogg!) 
 (And you never gave a fuck about a bitch; 
 Cause to you, bitches ain't shit but hoes and tricks) 
 Ha hah, dee dee dadi dadi dah 
 Listen to the sounds from my nigga doggy dogg 
 Slidin through the city in the rag six-fo' 
 Hoppin like a motherfucker tryin' to find a hoe 
 Hittin all the spots but I'm comin' up blank 
 I'm headed to the liquor store to get myself some drank 
 Parks my ride as i, steps inside, as i 
 Puts my nine double-m to my side, as i 
 Continue with my mission 
 Pussy is my dish and I'm fishin, wishin 
 Upon a star, to come up on some ends 
 But she caviar, and I let her bet her pussy 
 So I can get my pimp on 
 Cause my pen gets my pimp on from g to ozone 
 (Big pimpin') 
 I have pimped my pen, on cold michigan nights 
 And the bitch didn't freeze up on me, when I wanted her to write it 
 I have pimped my pen in the hot California sun 
 And the bitch didn't drip, smell, or run 
 As she turned the trick pages, from looseleaf to zig-zags 
 I have pimped my pen and she is number one in my stable 
 For I have yet not got a refill, for her 
 I love her that's why she keeps, performing for me 
 I have pimped my pen... and she is number one, in my stable 
 Pleasure, is the treasure that the girl sells all day 
 Pleasure is the reason that she brings daddy his cash 
 Dedicated the hoe, dedicate for sure 
 Dripping willows on satin pillows 
 Love is being checked, from a hoe 
 Dead presidents still getting their fuck on 
 I'm so happy because ain't nothing like a lollipop 
 That gets sucked, all day long 
 A tangy, little candy drop 
 I love it when she brings me the pay 
 Dedicated like everyday... to the sunshine 
 Yeah my hoe brings me mine 
 For like she says she does 
 And I believed her when I accept it 
 Yeah I got pimp bones in my body 
 And I rock them, like la-di-da-di 
 I rock them, mighty hardy, like la-di-da-di 
 I got pimp bones in my body