[Woman:] Ya baby 
 [Snoop:] Ya playa 
 [Woman:] Ya baby 
 [Snoop:] That's some real pimp shit right here 
 [Snoop:] These bitches is outta line man 
 [Man:] What's the matter dog you can't control your bitches? 
 [Snoop:] Check this out man 
 (Chorus: kokane) 
 I got bitches all in my game that don't even know my name 
 Then pump your brakes, you hoes 
 Biotch! 
 You could talk all day behind my back, but wont say shit in my face 
 Then pump your brakes, you hoes 
 Biotch! 
 You are then one, you are then one, 
 You are then one, you are then one, you are then one, hoo 
 You are sexy, sexy, sexy, you are so sexy 
 You are then one, you are then one, 
 You are then one, you are then one, you are then one, hoo hoo 
 You are sexy, sexy, sexy, hmmm 
 (Snoop) 
 Carla, Darla, Charlene and Camina 
 Tereka and Erika, they love to take care of her 
 Real motherfucker from the DPG 
 Keesha, Resha, Tammy and Renesha 
 I appreciate the way y'all skate 
 When the clock hit eight 
 Now April and Kate 
 Y'all be doin' too much 
 Running your mouths 
 Fuckin' shit up, you gotta get up 
 'Cause I done had enough 
 Getting sick and tired of the same stuff 
 You told Kamil and she told Karla 
 And she told April and now they all know 
 But I could give a fuck 'cause all y'all my hoes 
 So, all that confronting the real nigga on site 
 Today is today, last night was last night 
 As I leaned with my hand on my balls 
 I had to really check these bitches and tell then like this dog 
 (Snoop) 
 Nina do this and Tina do that 
 Sabrina, Sakina, nigga them all my hood rats 
 Back in the days when I was on the ?? 
 At an early age man 
 I was on the ?? 
 Non-stop, I beat it up and tell that bitch to get going 
 (They be like hot butter on a breakfast toast) 
 Hollarin' out, poppin' a collar out 
 And talkin' shit on the phone to me at my baby-moma's house 
 (Who's she?) Look here bitch do you know who the fuck I am 
 You better read your motherfuckin' first telegram 
 You remind me of this bitch that used to work for me 
 Had to cut the bitch up 'cause she tried to get too close to me 
 And tried to confront me at a club one night 
 Fuckin' with her friend, a fake bitch (Is that right?) 
 But you know I had to stop and appause 
 And I put my hand on my balls and said ?? what's up dog 
 (Snoop) 
 I got my own spot and I got my own keys 
 So can't no bitch talk shit to me 
 Like Kiki did me, bitch changed the locks 
 And kicked me up outta spot 
 I learned a lesson, I wasn't guessin' or stressin' 
 I got another bitch and she was at the ?? home 
 She said she needed a companion 
 Shit I needed a chaperone plus a new home 
 Snap, crack, it's on 
 But in no time at all seems she fell in love 
 But I wasn't ready for that 
 Topcat had to scat 
 I hit her friend from the back 
 While she was at work workin' 
 I was jerkin' that skirt 
 And fuckin' with all her friends that was flirtin' 
 And when she found out she told me that that shit hurt (boo-hoo) 
 A week later she fell in love with my homeboy Kurt 
 Bitch you a'int shit but dirt for dirt (biotch!) 
 (Snoop) 
 This is a sexy bitch 
 (Music fades out)