I want a good life, I guess ...choose brother gangsta 
 I want it all, I choose to ball 
 I guess all brothers are choosing gangsta. 
 Choose, choose, choose, choose 
 Dark blue ... but a soft never ... these are blue diamonds 
 ...How my gansgta is riding, 
 Up and down the seventeen and I'm all my assignment 
 I stack around the city, pocket is never empty, 
 Getting money as a gangsta I didn't make plenty 
 I chose the ... you feel me, I rocked everywhere ... 
 So you gotta real feel me j, gangsta life from the streets to the industry 
 Look at you, look at me, could it be with no ... 
 Yeah, and I'm in the game and I'm winning... blue... limit 
 See I'm a gangsta everything is on these women 
 When get used this life keep it real don't pretend. 
 I choose money inside .., models sticking in the .., 
 I chose this life, I chose this road 
 The money is right, the fortune ... 
 So I guess I'm just a gangsta, I guess I chose that gangsta life. 
 I got my j... pack, in the studio tracking like a ... 
 Money ...smoking with my ... and when I read up I need a whole sack 
 Yeah the gangsta life better play the wind, 
 Chocolate chick, white ... all blue ... gangsta never die, keep it ... 
 Don't make me ... all again 
 I was a gangsta before I get high spoon, I will hustle never worked hard ... 
 I never struggle, all this bubble this is all true, I stole ... 
 If you was me, you probably be a gangsta too 
 I chose the money, diamonds, rings and design shoes, 
 I'ma gangsta, my life ...improve 
 And everything I talk about is what a gangsta do. 
 I choose money inside .., models stickingnever .., 
 I chose this life, I chose this road 
 The money is right, the fortune stole 
 So I guess I'm just a gangsta, I guess I chose the gangsta life. 
 I want a good life, good life 
 Could ...good life ...brother gangsta 
 I want it all, I choose it all 
 I guess my brother choosing gangsta 
 I'ma keep it gangsta today, I keep it tomorrow 
 ... 'Cause I'll be hustle ...i make some little of this with a little of that 
 Will be rock it in the ... watch it ...yep 
 I'm good ...i got a car and a wife and plus a beautiful home 
 I go after the money, I just fall in my zone 
 Guess this ...trip... 
 Lone beats to the city, it's my city I'm crown, 
 ...Ocean grease ... you hear me beatin' ...gangsat sound 
 They gonna feel ...every gangsta stand in the ground... 
 Snoop dog is the west ... 
 Look at you, now look at me now 
 Big money, big cars, how we're living for now 
 Like gangstas homie this is my life style. 
 I guess I chose the gangsta life 
 Choose, choose, choose.