(Chorus : Tray Deee and Snoop Dogg) 
 Motherfucking dogg (Named Snoop) bow wow, (Snoop!) 
 (Named Snoop) (Snoop!) 
 Motherfucking dogg (Named Snoop), Motherfucking dogg (Named Snoop) 
 (Snoop!) What, (Named Snoop) (Snoop!), what 
 Motherfucking dogg (Named Snoop) Motherfucking dogg, damn (Named Snoop) 
 (Snoop!) uh huh (Named Snoop) what's up (SNOOP!) what 
 Motherfucking dogg, damn (Named Snoop) Motherfucking dogg (Named Snoop) 
 (Snoop!) all right (Named Snoop) (Snoop!) Motherfucking dogg 
 (Named Snoop) Motherfucking dogg (Named Snoop) (Snoop!) what's up 
 (Named Snoop), all right (Snoop!) yeah 
 Motherfucking dogg (Named Snoop) 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 10-20-71, the day I come out 
 Two days later, I'm running my mouth 
 Mom's put a bottle to my grill 
 I look her in the face and I say chill 
 So she puts her back up on a pillow, uh huh 
 Two minutes later I'm bailin' out the hos-pital 
 On my way to the liquor store 
 First thing I grab is some skins and a 4-0 
 Dropped the O-E 'cause it's just too cold 
 Get myself some gin instead and then I stroll 
 But before I get out the door 
 The man behind the counter says hey, yo, yo 
 He picks me up and sit me on the seat 
 And then he get the phone and get to dialin' the police 
 I'm on the run but I can't walk yet 
 Can't grapple nothin' said, 'cause I can't talk yet 
 First trip in the police car 
 Cameras all around me as if I was a star 
 Mom's grabbed me, hugged me, and kissed me 
 This fool tried to twist me, mom's say she missed me (I missed you) 
 Re-group it, swoopin' in the coupe and 
 That's what I'ma name you cause boy you be snoopin' 
 Soon to be hoopin' hoes I be scoopin' 
 First piece of ass before I got my first whoopin' 
 Cookin', bookin', hookin' up with G's 
 Twenty days later I'm from are-T-see 
 Doin' it up, rollin', givin' it up 
 Sellin' candy for a white boy outta light blue truck 
 And I'm comin' up, that's right, niggas runnin' up 
 Havin' fun and stuff 
 You niggas don't want none of us 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 What's up homie (What's up 'cause, where you from) 
 My name Snoop Dogg (Where you from though) 
 Eastside, rollin' twenty crip (What) 
 (Oh) yeah (OK, it's all good 'cause) That's what I'm talkin' bout 
 (Yeah) Ah, you gonna feel me nigga, sooner or later 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 Roll with me, S-N-double O-P 
 Mel-man where ya been O.G. 
 Tell me, the game'll never fail me 
 Ask J or my lil' homie Shelby 
 Uh, I cut em' up like Marcus Welby 
 This is the dopest G, that you will ever see 
 There'll never be, another me 
 By the grace of God, ya lovin' me 
 Pause, do it to em' dogg 
 Now drop a rock em' dogg 
 Now put a lock em' dogg 
 Rollin' down the river spinnin' on a log 
 Jog to the liquor store, grab me a thicker ho 
 Get me a Michelob, now I want to Snicker though 
 Remind me of the old days 
 When my mama used to bang the O'Jays 
 Family reunion, ha ha, hey 8-track style 
 Mel-Man you a fool for this 'cause 
 'Cause I'm the motherfucking dogg, named Snoop