Snoop: 
 GAME that's my thang 
 And it ain't no rules when you in this game 
 (3X's) 
 Gunblast *gunshots* echo fast and all I seen was loose cash 
 I hit the flo' and when they go I make sure I grab all the dough 
 The Scene: Long Beach yeah '86 
 Where: The liquor store nigga on some devilish shit 
 I went in to grab a drink but I came out a felon 
 My homeboy got away but shit I wasn't tellin' 
 So I fell in a trap with no getback 
 They threw away the key and now I'm a OG 
 In the County jail rappin' and bangin' at the same time 
 And since I don't smoke cigarettes loc 
 Shit I gotta slang mine 
 And I ain't tryin' to get on swole so I ain't fuckin' with the iron 
 I got bitches bringin' me money and ain't a godamn thing funny 
 My homeboy Devil from the HCG and Young Side Trey R.I.P 
 From the ETG [Eight-Trey] and oh yeah Baby Ken Dawg 
 From the Westside Four-O's got love for Short and my 
 Homeboy J-Ball from the Seven four ? from that gang 
 And the homeboy Tracy D from 
 The big bad ass ese gang them straight killas and they know 
 I got game and that's real from a trio nigga havin' green 
 Get yo' hustle on nigga 'fore you end up dead 
 It's too much paper to get Can ya dig it? 
 Later on this evening I got a lick nigga is you down wit' it? 
 Shit... 
 GAME that's my thang 
 And it ain't no rules when you in this game 
 (Steady Mobb'n) 
 There's ten laws to the game nigga be raised by 'em all 
 Get ya respect on at all times nigga hustle till ya ball 
 Watch them hatas and pretendas and all the shit they do 
 Cause nowadays some of these niggas be bitches too 
 Keep the business professional get ya heat at all times 
 Keep them snitches on the sideline 
 Cause you know pressure burst the pipeline 
 Keep ya eyes on ya enemies watch those close to ya 
 See them outside niggas can't touch ya 
 It be the ones inside that do ya 
 Smilin' in ya face but want to take yo' place 
 Fuck around and be playa let's make a deal with the D.A. 
 Don't be ridin' with no niggas 
 Who ain't sure if he gon' get down 
 Cause it only take a split second 
 To get ya buck buck and lay down 
 Hesitation'll buy ya fate get that ass all caught up 
 Ya little homey might be cool 
 If them other two priors ain't brought up 
 Remember took time to kill smash and don't give a fuck 
 Be a hog about ya papers straight hungry for that der come up 
 Respect the game feel what the soldier talkin' about 
 If you got to be in that game stack ya change 
 And get the fuck out! 
 (Snoop) 
 GAME that's my thang 
 And it ain't no rules when you in this game 
 3x 
 (Steady Mobb'n) 
 Game recognize game ?? kickin' back smokin' Mary Jane 
 I'm gettin' high in the game my little 
 Homey popped him with the cane 
 Some niggas only in it for the fame 
 Niggas ain't ready for the game 
 If you ain't down then get the fuck out the game 
 Or represent yo' thang 
 Ghosttown LB SB Brookfield 76 Folktown and the 90's 
 Twomp twomp put yo' guns up 
 When the tank dogg roll up who got the weed nigga hold up 
 I'm the King of Oakland nigga raise up 
 I ain't givin' a fuck I'm still ?hugged? 
 Cause my down South niggas show me love 
 And the muthafuckin' gifts dancin' in the club 
 That's game 
 (Snoop) 
 GAME that's my thang 
 And it ain't no rules when you in this game 
 *Talking* 
 Steady Mobbin', D O double G, ain't No Limit to that shit 
 Nigga Carlos on the beat Beats By The Pound 
 'Bout 3:34 in the morning don't even matter 
 We puffin' all night, straight game, game. 
 I got all my game from my momma yeah 
 A nigga didn't gave me none of this shit that's real. 
 Wanna say what up to my momma, for givin' 
 Me all this game...