I'm not down with the republic party or the democratic aprty 
 I represent the gangsta party 
 The gangsta party? 
 Yes Sir. 
 I ain't no gangbang rookie on the gangbang fool me 
 I'm a boss out here on the west 
 ...Is my home which rollin' with my blue bandana on my neck 
 Girl, come fuck with Snoop, sign up on my team there's a little room left, 
 Girl, you heard on my songs, steady .., steady wrong, don't get your ass left, 
 Church on the move nigga, now got and hit the turf with the news nigga 
 I got some advice for you mew niggers, you wanna be in the league well tell'em who sent ya? 
 Twistin up the old G, about the whole P, until I ... D, 
 They all come, they all wanna see, hoes lovin' me, you all niggers wanna be (Snoop, Snoop) 
 Even blood fuck occurs, I hate the club, they're all showing me love, 
 They like Snoop Dog. 
 Can I get you a autograph, so put that DPG doggystle and aftermath 
 I just laugh while I'm twistin' ... bad *tches kissin' till they takin' bubblebath... 
 I ain't no gangbang rookie police tryna put me ima' modern day trickky on a set 
 I got the whole party poppin' see you hater niggas jokin all these ice cold diamonds on my chest 
 They see my whole team bugging, not in me mugging 
 But that no meant ... 
 'Cause if there's problem I put the problem solver, 
 I call the ... put the end to all this drama, ...get the euros, 
 Get the dollars, ... get in common, 
 It's time to get this change just like Obama 
 But I'm gonna stay the same on my mother fucker mama. 
 Snoop, Snoop, 
 Snoop, Snoop, ... 
 Twistin up the old G, about the whole P, until I ... D, 
 They all come, they all wanna see, all lovin' me, you all niggers wanna be (Snoop, Snoop) 
 Even blood fuck occurs, I hit the club, they're all showing me love, 
 They like Snoop Dog. 
 So what I ...give me ... 
 Yeah you all know what it is, 
 I ain't no gangbang rookie ... 
 I'll be shopping on the ...for some rainbow 
 ...Fuck with 
 All G with the young men, ...who I fuck with 
 When I was young my mum said I looked like... Snoop 
 And we ride in the club, ... 
 I'ma take you to ... 
 You like to ... 
 I'm in the club with ...Snoop. 
 Snoop, Snoop.