Bomb ass pussy 
 Bomb, oh, you got that bomb, know you got it 
 Bomb, oh, you got some bomb-ass pussy 
 Bomb, I know you got that bomb, bomb pussy 
 (What you doin'?) Nothing, chillin' at the Holiday Inn 
 (Who you wit'?) Me and my peeps; won't you bring four of your friends? 
 (What we gon' do?) Feel on each other, and sip on some Hen 
 One thing leading to another; let the party begin 
 (Chingy) 
 Peeps call me up, said it's a hotel party 
 Just bring the liquor; there's already eight shawties 
 I'm on my way (way); let me stop by the store 
 Get a twelve pack of Corona plus a ounce of 'dro, ya know? 
 Now I'm on Highway 2-7, need a natural graze road 
 I'm already blowed; hit third, I'm a be be blowed some mo' 
 Pulled up, stop parked, rims still spinning 
 Valet lookin' like he in the game and must be winning 
 To room four-nine-O I'm headed; on my way up 
 There's three girls on the elevator like "wassup" 
 I told 'em: "follow me" 
 They knew I had it cracking, B 
 One said, "ain't you that boy that be on BET?" 
 "Yeah, that's me, Ching-a-ling equipped wit' much ding-a-ling." 
 Knock on the door; I'm on the scene of things 
 Busted in, Henny bottle to the face! 
 Fuck it then; feel like my head a toxic waste 
 There's some pretty girls in here; I heard 'em whispering 
 Talking 'bout "that's that dude that sing 'Right Thurr'; he glistening." 
 I ain't come to talk (talk), I ain't come to sit (sit) 
 What I came for was to find out who I'm gon' hit; aww, shit 
 (Chingy) 
 Ma showed up like, "what's the hold up?" 
 Man know what get them wraps and roll up 
 I took a chick in the bathroom, seeing what's poppin' 
 You know what's on my mind, shirts off and panties dropping 
 Niggas knocking on the door drunk, actin' silly 
 The girl said, "can I be in yo' video?" 
 I'm like "yeah!" Oh really? 
 Now she naked, strip teasing; me, I'm just cheesing 
 She gave me a reason to be a damn heathen 
 Handled that, told ol' G bring the camera 
 Then I thought about no footage while I ram her 
 Walked out the bathroom smiling, cats still whiling 
 Sharing the next room wit' some girls lookin' like they from an island 
 (Ludacris) 
 Stop, drop, kaboom! Baby, rub on ya nipples 
 Some call me Ludacris, some call me Mr. Wiggles 
 Far from little; make ya mammary glands giggle 
 Got 'em under control, the bowl of tender vittles 
 Doctor giggles, I can't stop until it tickles 
 Just play a little "D," and I'll make ya mouth dribble 
 Bits and Kibbles, got 'em all after the pickle 
 I swing it like a bat, but these balls are not whiffle 
 Hit 'em in triples, wit' no strikes, stripes, or whistles 
 I ain't felt this good since my wood lived off a thistle 
 Sippin' some ripple, I got quarters, dimes, and nickels 
 For shizzle dizzle, I'm on a track with the Big Snoop Dizzle 
 Let the Henny trickle down the beat wit' a ghetto tempo 
 I done blazed the instrumental, laid it plain and simple 
 Getting brain in the rental, I done did it again 
 My eyes chinky; I'm wit' Chingy at the Holiday Inn 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 Yeah, let the party begin, bitch 
 Ching-a-ling-ling all the way in St. Louis 
 My nigga Chingy disturbing tha peace 
 Luda, Luda going hard on you hos 
 Yeah, bitch, bring four of ya friends 
 Meet me at the Holiday Inn 
 Bring a gang of that Hen, some DSOP 
 Oh wee, and light that sticky icky 
 And we gon' do the damn thing 
 Know what I'm talking 'bout? 
 We gon' disturb the peace right now 
 Yeah, we ain't doing nothing but chillin' 
 We chillin' and nuttin' 
 Know what I'm talking 'bout? So push the button 
 You know what's happenin', fa shizzle, uh-huh 
 Yeah, bitch, trying to run from this pimpin' 
 You can't out run the pimpin', bitch 
 I done told you