Intro: daz & (tray deee) talking 
 Let's get paid tray deee 
 (Shit what else we gon' do?) 
 Hit this shit! 
 (Fuck it, we're gonna go through wit it) 
 That's what I'm sayin'! 
 (We're layin everybody in this motherfucker, daz 
 That's when we gonna go after the cheese, ya ready?) 
 Everybody lay the fuck down! 
 Verse 1: daz dillinger 
 A nigga mash in the bank for loot 
 The robbery's committed and I'm prepared to shoot 
 Blast 'em with the cops on pursuit 
 It's all about cheese, I got the nibblin like rats 
 Hop over da corner get them fillin up my sack 
 Pistol whip a couple and let them know I mean bidness 
 Niggas been tryin' ta get in for years, I mean killin' 
 To master a ride out, get ghost to hide out 
 Count my green, enforce my team 
 It ain't a small-time dream no mo' 
 What make the world go round? it's money, cars, bitches and dough 
 Chorus: daz 
 See we the gang, we mash and blast to maintain 
 Weed, money, cocaine got us all insane 
 We the gang, we mash to maintain 
 Weed, money, cocaine got us all insane 
 Verse 2: tray deee 
 Covered in armour, five seconds till we smuggle the spot 
 First motherfucker reachin' for the button get shot 
 Got the m-1-6 plus the clips to work 
 Six minutes to be in and get the chips and skirt 
 Scoot loot, one shot they holler and drop 
 Pop the duffle and shovel in dollars in knots 
 Got the whole room hostage, straight no nonsense 
 The object is stompin accomplished profits 
 And never had no mercy for the victim 
 Die, motherfucker, die if that's what it take to make me richer 
 Chorus: tray deee 
 See we the gang, we mash and blast to maintain 
 Weed, money, cocaine got us all insane 
 See we the gang, we mash and blast to maintain 
 Weed, money, cocaine got us all insane 
 We the gang! 
 Verse 3: daz 
 G's forgetten that a is for anybody killin' in it 
 For them niggas, the g's we be gettin' 
 Watch out when the 9 spit, blast irrapidly 
 Too late the cops at the bank and they got to me 
 Empty the bread out the safe, make I escape 
 Make a dumb move for the moves you make 
 Kaboom, let the drama unfold, blast, reload 
 $70 million out the back door, y'know 
 Me and tray deee hits deep, hear the *? 'plaud? * and the scherm is blood 
 Let's hit the store, start robbin for more 
 Checkin' niggas, wreckin niggas right at they front door 
 Bangin' niggas, gankin niggas for what that ain't yours 
 Hood operator and none too greater 
 With the infiltrator bustin' on these gangsta haters 
 Stuck in the zone, havin' papers, havin' more zone 
 Finally puttin' meat on my bones (at ease) 
 Chorus: daz 
 See we the gang, we mash and blast to maintain 
 Weed, money, cocaine got us all insane (got us all insane) 
 We the gang, we mash to maintain 
 Weed, money, cocaine got us all insane 
 Verse 4: snoop doggy dogg, kurupt 
 See we're ridin', we're stealin, we're killin', we're dealin' 
 And stickin up you bitch ass niggas 
 I say we ride eastside, slide forever in a day 
 The dpg way! 
 Look here takin' your shit is like taking your bitches 
 Quick as I spin this is as quick as she get 
 Nigga I'm a ridah and that's on this 
 We ain't gon' dip until we get them chips 
 We splits the shit up, what I folds 
 Got a army full of doggs and soldiers full of loccs 
 Two hundred spokes witta pocket full of notes 
 Banktellers *? shout? * wit my hand around the throat 
 Reach for my colt but on another note 
 I gotta shake the spot, they just called the cops, hmm 
 Nowhere to run, nowhere to hide 
 I point my pistols at the pig, die motherfucker die! 
 All the homeys saggin, unload the magnum 
 E'rybody dashin, dippin wit the cash-in 
 The homeboys blastin, cop cars crashin 
 Got all smashin hearts of assassins 
 Hold up there's the cut (what?), duck 
 Cock back, soon as you look up, nigga dump 
 See the stick-up, my mind on a trip on tweak 
 And I'm dyin' wit the homeys before they catch me 
 We're blastin!