I know I ain't supposed to smoke in here 
 But Mr. Bouncer man don't put your motherfuckin' hands on me 
 Can I get high without you botherin' me? 
 Everybody you see in here tonight 
 Doin' the same thing so why you keep playa hatin' on me 
 Can I get high without you botherin' me? 
 La la la la. I be smokin' 
 It hitten me right I'll be loakin' 
 Them bullshit trees you be rollin' 
 Barely give you a buzz, me I get high 
 I admit I got a problem, I keep comin' back for these 
 Dodo bags there not your yak or your sack o' seeds 
 I chill sit back on the sofa and relax my knees 
 And roll one up loose enough to make the backwards breathe 
 I blow a heavy load, you kids attract some G's. 
 'Cause I'm a smoker, too much o' this would choke ya' 
 I don't mean to provoke ya, but I'm a bad influence 
 The musician can't operate without his instruments 
 My recent success gradually got your bitch convinced 
 Haters mad they can't look inside 'cause I pitched the tints 
 I enter the club with baggies of that chocolate 
 Second-hand smoke will make a nigga wanna start shit. 
 Sometimes I wonder where the niggas from the start went 
 Raise up a lighter and fuck up the whole apartment. 
 It's just one of the things I do in my spare time 
 My bad habits ain't private so I'm gon' share mine. 
 See they put their hands out cause of the way shit been 
 I say you niggers ain't smokin' if you don't chip in. 
 Listen. I waited long for these rocks to glisten 
 From that one-room pad without a pot to piss in 
 Although betrayal is not forgiven 
 I do this for my niggas locked up that's comin' home to lobster livin' 
 Hopin' the cops forbiddin' 
 I'm bout to buy momma her own mansion 
 Just so I could see her pop the ribbon. 
 That Cali bud's special, so special I held the blunt so long 
 Snoop had to tell me "Pass the weed, Nephew" 
 Fuck rap I'm the wrong one to get pissed off 
 Cause the pope'll make you jump like criss cross. 
 My nigga dead and it's hard to let go, 
 So I'm blowin' on that wet dough, same color as Gecko 
 Follow hood codes and everybody in the Sentinel 
 We gas 'em Fuck 'em and Pass 'em what you expect hoe? 
 Said you want to blow with the best of them 
 Yes yes I bested them 
 Blazed up the purple palm tree 
 I told you don't mess with them 
 I warned them new testament 
 Do you wanna smoke with me? (do you wanna) 
 Weed rollin', G-strollin', bad-mouthin', mofucker 
 Law breakin' Pimp, slappin niggas for the fuck of it 
 Hip-hop an zip lock an rip rockin' gang banger 
 Thought you was an actor, thought I was a singer 
 Thought about ridin' but you say you wanna hang tough 
 D-P-G-Unit sounds like danger 
 You might wanna manage your anger 
 Hang with us and stop smokin' on the same stuff 
 Now lay back on the loft 
 This new weed that I got I call it face-off 
 Cause it'll blow your face off and that's a figure of speech, 
 My niggas a beast, on me from the west to the east, preach 
 Sha da da