(Dat nigga daz) 
 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95, 
 100, ready or not baby, here I come 
 Dat nigga daz struck a match and the match went out 
 But it wasn't no more lights in the motherfucking house 
 Speakin' of house let's play a game of it 
 Is you wit it? hide and go get it, I betcha love it baby 
 I'll play the daddy and you can play the momma 
 So we can get down on the living room floor 
 Is ya wit it? I promise I won't kill it 
 Loose pussy on my dick, should I kill it? never! yes 
 (Michel'le) 
 See back in the day when we used to play 
 You wanted to be with me [that's right] 
 Now that is so right and natural 
 No other man that I can see 
 I'm singin' in my backgroun 
 Diggin up a hole for you to make your move 
 But no longer will I be told regroup 
 Let's play house 
 Chorus: snoop dogg, nate dogg 
 (Snoop] [nate) 
 Engine engine number nine, let's play house 
 Rollin' down the dp line. 
 (Repeat 2x) 
 [Michel'le] let's play house... 
 [Michel'le] is that what you want me to do with you? 
 You play tha momma baby let's play house 
 I'll play the daddy 
 You can play the momma 
 And I'll play the daddy [michel'le] let's play house 
 You can play tha momma let's play house 
 And I'll be the daddy 
 And I'll be the daddy 
 That runs the house, straight up 
 (Warren g) 
 Now you can call me pappy or you can call me daddy 
 I'm hitting 21st in the blue and grey caddie 
 I'm feeling like scrappy, or is it scooby doo 
 'Cause I'm chilling with the motherfucking dogg pound crew 
 Now pass the bud to that nigga geezy weezy 
 So I can let you down easy 
 Some niggas tried to see what I see 
 Cock rocking with they bitches but they can't cock rock me 
 (Kurupt) 
 G-dub, I know you know this bitch by tha name of danielle 
 Body of a goddess face from hell 
 But oh shit, this wasn't the average bitch 
 Her coochie was cavi and she liked gobbling dicks 
 And I got a whole nine and a half on that black ass 
 Groupie, now all the hoochies wanna do me from the past 
 To the present (say what?) let me rep and present 
 (Who dat?) the biggest nigga hittin all the hoes in your click 
 Fast as lightning running through like the breeze 
 In the summertime out on the corner making g's 
 It's the thirst, but I can show something much worse 
 Than the thirst, so pack your bitch ate my dick first 
 But first things first 
 Brenda, I can remember 
 How hot these hoes can get, eighty-seven, eighty-six, yeah 
 The year a young man grows 
 Fatal mistakes sprung over hazel-eyed hoes 
 Bitches ain't shit but them hoes and tricks 
 And that's all I can think of to describe a bitch 
 (Michel'le) 
 If you wanna be wit me, stay wit me, play wit me 
 Come kurupt, and step to me 
 My, sweet, baby 
 (Nate dogg) 
 Let's play house, let's play house, let's play house 
 Let's play house, let's play house 
 Repeat many times 
 [Michel'le] (singing in her famous high pitch) 
 Daz and kurupt, is that what you wanna do? you wanna play house? (keep it cool, yo) well I ain't got no time. (well you mean what me and nate dogg doin'.) so what you wanna do? (yeah, michel'le on the track, hey. background they funking it up. y'all don't know what the real is.) let's get it right. you wanna play house, you wanna play? is that what you wanna play. come down. you can't leave me. I won't take no more lies, yeah. there's something in my heart. hey. I'm still nicety. yeah. (leave that shit on, it's the bomb.)