Now here we go, y'all gotta play this 
 (Why?) 'Cause the others are so scared to say this 
 Now tell me, what am I supposed to do 
 About a sucker like you who ain't never paid dues? 
 Slapper, hip-happer, you're gettin' wacker 
 Your girl better step, or I just might jack her 
 Smack her like a gangster, but I don't bang 
 I gank suckers like you for thick gold chains 
 (He don't deserve it) Hell nah 
 So take it off your neck 
 'Cause Goddamn, you ain't comin' correct 
 What's this, a sucker duck holdin' a mic? 
 And like Keith Sweat said, somethin' just ain't right 
 Seems nowadays everybody wanna be a rapper 
 Down wit' crews 
 But they ain't never paid dues 
 Suckers perpetratin', playin' hardcore 
 Punks, I bet you worked at a flower store 
 You know what eats me up the most? 
 Is when a sucker just started and thinks he's high post 
 You ain't pay a nann due in your life 
 Talkin' 'bout a new style, you know who you sound like? 
 KRS, Chuck D, Kool Moe, as one 
 Yellin' on the mic like ya name was Run 
 You'se a peon, went and bought a pair of Lee's 
 Now all of a sudden you supposed to be an MC? 
 Yo, that's wack, it just ain't right 
 You only stood on one stage in your whole damn life 
 Now you want respect, hey yo, you'se a fool 
 Everybody wanna rap, but they ain't paid dues 
 I can still remember way, way back in the days 
 The times me and Aladdin dreamed of gettin' paid 
 Standin' outside just to pull in the jacks 
 To earn a little money to drop a dope track 
 Back in the days I drove a raggedy Dodge 
 Couldn't afford a studio, so we used a garage 
 Aladdin used to grab a gang of disco breaks 
 One turntable and a broken 808 
 My little brother Tunes and Frank, they hung around all night 
 To make sure that the demo was tight 
 Didn't have an enigneer, if you know what I mean 
 Aladdin did it all at the age of 16 
 Gifted, uplifted, straight gangsta Mack 
 Suckers had me playin' the back 
 But thanks to Ice-T I got my foot in the door 
 Now I'ma rock the mutha-(uh) till it ain't no more 
 We paid dues 
 I knew a brother who used to dress just like a faggot 
 Real tight jeans, some boots and leather jackets 
 Homie as hell, he never came outside 
 'Cause every time I came around, he used to run and hide 
 Spoiled like a brat, had everything he wanted 
 And when he walked, he switched like a woman 
 Rode a pink bike, man, the sucker was soft 
 Had to be in before the street lights came on 
 Yo, just the other day I turned my radio on 
 The Mack Attack kicked on a brand new song 
 I didn't know what it was, I never heard it before 
 But the record was smooth and hardcore 
 I said to myself, "Hey yo, I gotta see this group." 
 So I called up Aladdin and the rest of the crew 
 Grabbed the nine wit' the hollow point tip 
 Stepped in the party with a gangster limp 
 Took a look at the stage, and yo, whaddya know? 
 The same old faggot from a long time ago 
 From real tight jeans and the go-go boots 
 He went to Pendeltons and a khaki suit 
 Now tell me, ain't this a blip? 
 Somebody need to slap the perpetrator in the lip 
 Yesterday he was a mamma's boy, now he's rappin'? 
 Foolin' the crowd because he got you all clappin' 
 And tappin', an example of what I'm tryin' to prove 
 A sucker like this who ain't never paid dues 
 So to those who wanna rap, I'm pertainin' to you 
 Before you pick up a mic, you gotta pay dues, word 
 Let the story be told 
 That's the way it is 
 You got to pay yo' dues 
 Low Profile definitely in the buildin', ya dig? 
 W.C., DJ Aladdin 
 Frank, Crazy Tunes, Jazzy D 
 Abracadabra, DJ Aladdin 
 We outta here