Freak baby, freak freak baby (x2) 
 Red light, green light (x3) 
 You ready to roll? 
 Tell me when you're ready to go (x2) 
 I got the keys baby, put your mind at ease baby 
 Go playa, layin' the cheese baby 
 I know you bitin', bitin' my steez baby 
 But I came, came to please baby 
 Don't wait, lay the greeze baby 
 Don't flake, shake the knees baby 
 Your fella's mad at me baby, oh well, enemies baby 
 Who's braggin' they raggin' on me baby? 
 Who's breath is draggin' on me baby? 
 Who steps through all agony baby? 
 Who's checks are bigger than me baby? 
 Who thinks before it goes down baby? 
 Who rocks in every town baby? 
 I don't know if it ain't me 
 Must be a clone on this microphone baby 
 Red light, green light (x3) 
 You ready to roll? 
 Tell me when you're ready to go (x2) 
 (You know I'm down and ready to go) 
 Jump in the who ride, slide to the rhythm of 
 Snoop d.o. double g nigga from the dub 
 I represent it to the fullest everywhere I go 
 Guaranteed to bust a ho, yeah I'm so original 
 I don't have to, I told you from the get go 
 I like to lay low with my niggas blowin' endo 
 We like to drink, talk shit, and spit at bitches 
 And that's the way we do it, sometimes we hittin' switches 
 In the low-rider slidin' to the hood and back 
 It's snoop dogg in the muthafuckin' cadillac 
 They call it snoop deville for real 
 I get the money and I never ever pop no pills 
 I used to pop'em, I'm lyin' to these motherfuckers now 
 I used to do all kind of shit when I was wild 
 They used to call me lil' bow wow now I'm big bow wow 
 In this motherfucka bustin' a freestyle 
 Snoop dogg is in the place to see, do it with my nephew 
 Freddy d 
 Ooh wee, in the place to see 
 Snoop d.o. double g from the d.p.g.c. 
 Freak baby, freak freak baby (x3) 
 Look who's talkin' it up baby 
 One more chalkin' it up baby 
 Star maps stalkin' it up baby 
 My dogs barkin' it up baby 
 Who'd a thought I'd be layin it down baby? 
 Who'd a thought I'd be turnin' your frown baby? 
 Never know about things these days baby 
 Till your cell phone rings and it's me baby