Rage... what does that word mean, Rage? 
 Out-Rage-ous, vindictive... conspicuous 
 All about it, got to have it 
 The big bo-ty girl 
 You don't know what you in store for 
 Rough, rugged, and raw (raw hardcore) 
 Rough, rugged, and raw (raw) 
 Hey yo Robin (whassup?) I feel like squabbin (what?) 
 And if you wit me (uh-huh) I know that you're mobbin (c'mon) 
 It ain't no thang (uh-uh) it ain't no problem 
 (And if it was?) Mmm, I know that we could solve em 
 Yeah, rough (rugged and raw) 
 Rugged (rough, rugged, and raw 
 Hard-core (rough, rugged, and raw) 
 Rugged (rough, rugged, and raw) 
 Ah, kick shit off so tight, kick rhymes 
 I kick real shit when I recite 
 The poetry lethal as ?Moe Brown? 
 I got you hoppin with a new sound 
 Dat Nigga Daz showin up to put it down 
 Who's the example, who tried to come and make my fear 
 MC's come around and kick the shit that's real 
 KnowhatImean? Get steamed, the pressure in, to the extreme 
 It ain't a dream, real shit from real MC's 
 I can't complain or explain it I run you over like a train 
 Bang and hang, box rhyme skate, then swang 
 It ain't a thang, cover quarter artificial rappers 
 Be -boys and MC's, what's happenin' 
 Check it, tell me, nothin' could save ya 
 You better watch out, cause nothin' could save ya 
 I blast you lay you down surround you with the hypnotical sound 
 The Lady of Rage and the Pound for life 
 I keep it underground, no matter where I'm from 
 I keep it real with a sound, you better watch it 
 For the battleground, for instance, I spray your 
 Whole god damn crew put you out of commission, fool listen 
 Wise up and pay attention, and take heed 
 Till you get driven, into the floor 
 Until you don't want no more, I can't stop repeatedly 
 You heard shots (pop pop pop) turn on the six o'clock 
 And who'd you see, who I popped, is it you? Or is it him? 
 Is it one of your parents, is it your friend? 
 Rough, rugged, and raw (hardcore) 
 Rough, rugged, and raw, hah (hardcore) 
 Rough, rugged, and raw (hardcore) 
 Rough, rugged, and raw 
 Now check this 
 The key in the game is to be in the game 
 It's all about the fortune, motherfuck the game 
 It's not the same, I ain't tryin' to make me no names 
 Live on stage, it's the Lady of Rage, I don't 
 Follow no fads, the Lady of Rage is bad 
 Bad down to the marrow keep your eyes on the sparrow 
 Pure raw rough rugged and hardcore, Robin's on the soar 
 The deadliest to take flight 
 The bomb rhyme condor, rhyme conniseur in my castle 
 You don't want no hastle, you don't want to battle 
 Skeedaddle, be on your merry way ('cause what?) 
 Cause on this very day you're Going Down like Mary J. 
 Whip you like cream it's the cream of the crop, the top notch 
 To win the wars without tecs and glocks, Rage rocks 
 Always and forever to the casket bruh 
 All up in that ass till you had enough 
 'Cause she's the queen of the hip-hop game, you know her name 
 She sent on a mission so I gots to handle things 
 I can't let her down, I gots to represent the Pound 
 With the hardco' rough rugged, for yo' nugget 
 You love it, you dug it 
 The shit on tape young nigga, so hurry up and dub it 
 Hey yo Robin (whassup?) I feel like squabbin (what?) 
 So if you're wit me (uh-huh) I know that you're mobbin (c'mon) 
 It ain't no thing (uh-huh) it ain't no problem (uh, and if it was) 
 Uh, you know that we could solve em 
 Now every time I step into a room, KA-BOOM! 
 Here comes the heavyweight masha, in any shape form or fashion 
 Rip the roof off the mother kick the frame out this fucker (hay!) 
 Cause Rage shit, pops with extra butter 
 Hotter than the 4th of July, I tell you no lie 
 Till the, uh, day I die, I be fly Robin fly 
 Smackin with the swiftness, witness this comin' 
 I'm wipin suckers out, so you can call me ah the clean up woman 
 But I gots, better things to do like making, cheddar with my crew 
 Like shaking and baking rookies like cookies and umm veterans too 
 I got beaucoup flow, who you know that can go toe to toe 
 I'm the heavyweight champ, hah, you'll get stamped 
 Send it, I'm hittin hard enough to dent this, I'm relentless 
 I leave your whole camp tentless, so bow down in repentance 
 Or pay the Price like Vincent, smack that ass like infants 
 Period end of sentence, this is how I end this, hayyyY! 
 Break it down