Yeah yeah yeah I'm fin up in the corner in my 
 Lowrider dogg. Ya heard me? 
 *Top dollar with the gold flea collar 
 Dippin' in my blue Impala [DPG]* 
 *Repeats throughout intro* 
 (Yeah it's still a G thang) 
 It's time for all the lowriders out there 
 Yeah all the dippers you like to get ya dip on 
 Hit a switch or two, bang a corna' sittin' on threes 
 Yeah right trip... 
 It's like 4 & to the 5 & to the 6 & to the 7 
 I once was told that all doggs go to Heaven 
 Well how ya been where ya been and what it look like? 
 My game trump tight especially when it bump like 
 Four DPG's gettin' crazy 
 And No Limit is the label that pays me! 
 Ridin' 'round town layin' game down like Goldie 
 And I remember what my momma showed me 
 Told me game recognize game 
 And stay true to what ya do and don't be ashamed 
 I got all my game from her sometimes I have to wonder 
 How I keep from goin' under I'm a cold muthafucka 
 I fall to my knees and thank God before I do my thang 
 I don't know why, I love to gangbang 
 See life ain't nothin' but a twist anyway bitch anyway 
 You can say what you wanna say 
 Just don't get in my way 'cause I'm a mean old 
 Fiend know C know & P know see loc 
 We make music for the thugs and the bangers 
 And the bitches. Fuck you R&B singers 
 She want a nigga with his khackies hangin' real low 
 In a black rag Sixty-four hmm 
 Rollin' down the street lookin' way clean 
 Bangin' that real shit nigga like Al Green 
 I'm headed straight to the LB 
 Forget it that's what they tell me 
 Sell me everythang except some bullshit 
 And when it's time for the gunfight nigga pull quick 
 Cause ain't nothin' butter but us 
 And nigga you'll get wet up for fuckin' with my cheddar 
 It's cold outside nigga grab ya sweater 
 And that bad bitch you fuckin' with 
 Nigga she get ya set up 
 Boy you done put all ya trust in that hoe 
 Didn't ya see what happened to the President niggaro 
 Livin' in a tight house big as the White House 
 You fucked around and stuck ya dick 
 In that white bitch mouth 
 What you talkin' 'bout? Fool I'm dirty like the South 
 And to be real I feel that's how I'm comin' out 
 Back on the hoe stroll highway pimp patrol 
 Put ya cuffs on ya girl nigga let her off parole 
 Man nigga way cold with his game 
 What's his muthafuckin' name? Who me? 
 I'm the capital S I don't fuck with stress 
 N double O-P D-O muthafuckin double G 
 Coldest entertainer gangbanger since Alphonz Capone 
 Count money like Basie police try to chase me 
 Niggas try to replace me but you can't 
 I'm ridin' in a tank I'm blowin' hella dank 
 So whether ridin' in ya lo-lo or smokin' on some doe doe 
 Spread the word and take the fo' door 
 The Last Don done hooked up with the muthafuckin' 
 King of the coast with the most here's a toast 
 And Snoop Dogg is the representer 
 Through the niggas & G's through the LBC's 
 And the Calio projects Brooklyn to Queens 
 Chi-town woe now the Dogg Pound in the house 
 Everytime we touch down right next to my hometown 
 D-town [Detroit] Eastside St. Louie [St Louie] 
 Spokane get ya money man tic-tock 
 Little Rock right next to Houston, Texas 
 Home of Rap-A-Lot we like to jack a lot 
 Gimme what ya got let me get that up out ya nigga 
 I got ya somethin' for the summertime while it's hot 
 And got the bitches posted up in the parkin' lot 
 And guess what she want the 
 Nigga with the biggest nuts [Who dat?] 
 A nigga who don't give a fuck 
 Ya see niggas like me all we see is 
 Money, power moves, and a bitch a week 
 And last but not least my nigga *B-O-Z* 
 Much love from the N.O. my nigga Feel me? 
 And my little cousin D-A-Z forever nigga 
 This DPGC and oh yeah Dr. D-R-E 
 You know where I'm at nigga holla at me 
 Get at me holla at me nigga holla at a dogg that's real 
 Y'all niggas know what's happenin' 
 It's still a [DPG] thang 
 It's still a G thang 
 *Top dollar with the gold flea collar 
 Dippin' in my blue Impala [DPG]* 
 *Repeats till end with adlibs*