Intro: (*distressed Latino woman*) 
 The dog saw 'im... they tear... they... looked liked they try to tear him off. 
 I said "Oh my God! They want to eat my husband 
 I was sittin' at the pound about to eat dinner 
 Had a hard day at the studio, I was gettin' thinner 
 My nigga Sparky-O was playin' basketball 
 And my niggas in the backyard, y'all about to squab my Doggz 
 Dirty ???? gets CREAM, it's a good scheme 
 But you know it's all a part of the Corleone team 
 I squabble... Friday 'cause that's what I do 
 Dogg Pound for life nigga, uh thought you knew 
 But you didn't, you think I'm kiddin nigga, my Doggz scrap 
 They get down for theirs, bring 'em right to the back 
 Hit the gate don't wait and ask the homey Nate 
 He gotta pit named Tiny mobbin behind him 
 Now they've got Michael Corleone 
 Oh, Kurupt he got Lonely the psycho assassin 
 He likes to smash on, uh 
 And ain't no need to reach for heat 'cause you can't get your blast on 
 Doggz we keep em, busters we sweep em 
 And when it's time all my Doggz'll bite your momma 
 We leave you niggas on stuck in paws 
 And I'ma dedicate this one to my Doggz 
 Remember that pit, the one I had named Petey 
 Uh, she got killed so I didn't need him 
 Uh, it's like that, what about Sweetie? 
 He got killed too (damn) so I didn't need him 
 It's a cold thang but it's a cold game 
 But when you wit a Corleone name it's a cold thang 
 Cold name, cold game ya got ta get down 
 'Cause if you don't then you can't represent the Pound 
 Now it's like a sport 
 And if I get caught I'm right back in court 
 So I gots ta keep it on the DL and don't yeezell 
 But you know I gots tha pitbulls for seezell 
 So if you want one, get one, holla at'cha boy quick 
 'Cause I'ma be on the lookout for the sell-to-dem pigs 
 Ask my little homey Technique 
 I 'came Scarface, Corleone killers, baby boy OG 
 The homey Tray Deee I give him rock seat 
 But the rest of the pits they rollin' wit me 
 We're layin low in the cut, holstered up in Chino 
 Scrappy-Du and the crew called the Gambinos 
 Ma bark and she'll spark up some shit real quick 
 Just last week y'know what? She bit the shit out of me 
 ???? Bitch is a trick, I had to get cold feet 
 To get the bitch up off me 
 And I can't tame her and I can't blame her 
 That's why I had to name her the top Dogg gamer 
 Man, it's a shame-uh nigga got love for y'all 
 But I got more love for my motherfuckin Doggz 
 It's just... 
 Me and my Doggz (sick em), me and my Doggz (sick em) 
 (Beware, beware) Me and my Doggz 
 Now when it comes to my Doggz they stay fly like geese 
 But as for me I'm Snoop Dogg I'm soopafly like Priest 
 I unleash my Doggz then I tilt my brim 
 I'm bout to trip off Locko 'cause he go taken my swim 
 I think 'cause my CREAMy low, get back to the pound 
 He gon' be itchin like hell to put the bite on the clown 
 And when you look with the frown he gon' get like 1-2 
 And ain't a damn thang that your ass can do 
 I think it's 'cause he lost his big homey Don Killer see 
 Who ran the whole yard and gangbanged OP 
 And leave your ass red and yeah half-head 
 He's a damn fool, he'll jack you for pants leg 
 Don't beg you're dead, and don't dare show fear 
 Young gangsta fucked wit Scrappy and Red tore off his head 
 And all the kid do was cry like a bitch 
 His life was a pit and mine's in the shit 
 (Beware, beware) 
 (Sick em) It's just me and my Doggz 
 I keep my heat in my seat, my killers in my backyard 
 Just in case you niggas wanna fuck and try to act hard 
 Outro: (*reporter speaking over hook*) 
 ...Deadly serious in East Los Angeles and South Central where people 
 Encounter stray dogs on a daily basis and often bare the scars to prove it)