Damn, it seems that always is something with the fucking TV, man 
 Motherfucking cable off, shit, I make it 
 Hey, bring me something to drink 
 Yeah, the motherfucking crazy was to do, I don't worry 
 Damn, ain't shit on this motherfucker 
 Oh shit, what the fuck is this? 
 Hey, motherfuckers, welcome back to The $20 Sack Pyramid, 
 I'm your host, motherfucking OG Henny Loc 
 And we're back with our two final contestants, 
 Duck motherfucking Mouth and Bootny Lee Farnsworth. 
 They'll be playin' for a $20 sack of indo 
 And a $35 gift certificate to the Compton Swap Meet. 
 All right y'all bitches got 30 seconds to answer five motherfucking questions. 
 Lonnie, you're ready with that clock? Well, let the games begin 
 All right, man, we got to do this shit, man 
 Hell yeah, man. Fuck that, the whole neighborhood is watching and everybody's watching 
 We can do this shit right now 
 We got to do this shit right now, OK, you ready? 
 Hell yeah, man, come on 
 Hey man, you ready? 
 I'm ready 
 I'm ready, let's go 
 Indo, cavvy, buddha 
 (Shit, shit I used to sell?) 
 Hocus-pocus 
 (Oh, things that people smoke?) 
 Right! That's it, that's it 
 Oh, "Fuck me in the ass" 
 Oh, "Step to me and let me suck your dick" 
 (Oh, things that Tim Dog was saying) 
 Yeah, that's it right there 
 (Come on keep going, man, hurry up) 
 VCR's, TVs and shit, 
 All them socks and shit, 
 Oh, that box in your room and shit 
 (Oh, oh, shit I came up on loot?) 
 That's it, that's it right there 
 (Yeah, that's it come on hurry up, man, hurry up) 
 En Vogue, Halle, Halle, Halle Berry 
 (Shit, bitches? Oh, bad bitches?) 
 Oh, your Auntie Clarisse 
 (Oh, bitches I want to fuck?) 
 That's it right there, that's it 
 (Come on, hurry up we got five seconds) 
 OK, OK "I know Doc" 
 "Dre going to do my music and shit" 
 "Snoop and me, we go to the Swap Meet" 
 (Oh, oh, I know, I know, things that niggers be saying to get the pussy?) 
 That's it, that's it right there, that's it, that's it 
 Give me my motherfucking weed, give me my motherfucking weed! 
 It's all right, baby! 
 Give me my weed, give me my $35 to go to the motherfucking Swap Meet, bitch 
 I'm in the money, I'm in the money, I'm in the money, I'm in the money