Intro: (*guy talking*) 
 (I'ma say this and I'ma gettin' mine. if you ain't down for the africans 
 Here in the united states, period point blank. if you ain't down for the 
 Ones that suffer in south Africa from apartheid and shit. devil you need to 
 Step your punk ass to the side and let us brothers and us africans step in 
 And start puttin' some funk in that ass) 
 Break 'em off sometin (x8) 
 I got my finger on the trigger so niggaz wonder why 
 But livin' in the city it's do-or-die 
 *Repeat* 
 Verse 1: dat nigga daz 
 They wonder where me bailin and don't really understand 
 The reason why they take me life and me ? ? ? ? hand 
 Me not out for peace and me not rodney king 
 Me gun goes click, me gun goes bang 
 Them riot in compton and them riot in long beach 
 Them rion in they lakers and don't really wanna see 
 Niggaz start to loot and police start to shoot 
 Lock it down at seven o'clock, then again it's like beirut 
 Me don't show no love 'cause it's us against them 
 Them never ever love me 'cause it's sport to break de, 
 And kill at my own risk if I may 
 Delay to spray with my ak and put it to rest 
 Interlude: (*news report*) 
 (Yes we have. there have been riots, ah, rioting, well I don't wanna say 
 Rioting but there's been looting downtown, but right now bree, what I want 
 To show you is, they have started fires down at the end of the street) 
 (All) how many niggaz are ready to lose? 
 (Snoop) yeah, so what you wanna do? 
 (Dre) what you wanna do? 
 (All) I said how many niggas are ready to lose 
 (Rbx) got myself an uzi and my brother a 9 
 Interlude: (*guy talking*) 
 (Nobody told us today, in otherwords, you're still a slave. no matter how 
 Much money you got, you still ain't shit) 
 Verse 2: dr. dre 
 Sittin' in my livin' room calm and collected 
 Feelin' mad, gotta get mine respected 
 'Cause what I just heard broke me in half 
 And half the niggaz I know, plus the niggaz on the row, is bailin 
 Laugh now but cry much later 
 Ya see when niggas get together they get mad 'cause they can't fade us 
 Like my niggas from south central, los angeles 
 They find that they couldn't handle us 
 Bloods, crips on the same squad 
 With the ese's thumpin, nigga it's time ta rob and mob 
 (And break the white man off somthin lovely, biddy-bye-bye 
 I don't love dem so they can't love me) 
 Yo straight puttin' down gettin' my scoot on 
 Let's jump in off in compton so I gots ta get my loot on 
 And come up on me some furniture or sometin 
 Got a vcr 
 In the back of my car 
 That I ganked from the slauson swap meet 
 And motherfuckers better not try to stop me 
 'Cause they will see that I can't be stopped 
 'Cause I'ma cock my glock and pop till they all drop 
 Interlude: (*news report*) 
 (There has been videotape and you can see of the, ah, some of the crowd 
 Throwin' things at the officers) 
 (And swingin' at them as well. like there was a young woman there. you see 
 She took a swing at an officer with some object in her hand) 
 Verse 3: rbx 
 One-time trigger happy, no nigga love 
 187 time, time to grab the glove 
 Can't get prints so a 9 I throw away 
 Or get prints so my uzi witta spray 
 Pop pop pop another motherfucker drop 
 And I get relived like *? bop bop says? * 
 Smash, I crashed his head like a window 
 I ain't no dead do', I'm high off the indo 
 Creepin' with the quickness to the cut 
 Bust one to his head while he munches on that donut 
 And cracker so now he best to back up 
 I guess I gots ta pack up, fillin the clip up, I zip up- 
 Town, the motherfuckin cops are all around 
 Helicopters flyin 
 These motherfuckers tryin' 
 To catch me and stretch me on death row 
 But hell no's the poor black refuse to go 
 Interlude: (*news report*) 
 (This is now coverin a very, very wide area of los angeles where these 
 Fires have been, ah, ignited. I mean, from here to the, ah, to the south 
 End of south central is a long way) 
 Verse 4: daz 
 The outcome of this is destruction so the more fall 
 Niggaz don't give a fuck so tem bust and before 
 Niggaz backin up three black shows 
 No justice so they copied ya right 
 And here I am again, me, turn the other cheek, me 
 Be too many wigs got me 9 to my tights 
 So me bust, flick 'cause he don't give a fuck 
 And me don't give a fuckin' of my problems 
 In with their fuck fuck 
 Outro: snoop doogy dogg 
 Blak blam, blam to dem fall 
 Listen to the shots from my nigga doggy dogg, biddy-bye 
 Dr dre him bust gun shots 
 Diggity daz and rbx them bust gun shots 
 Come again!