I wake up lonely in the morning and it feels so good 
 Smoking on some shit that you wish you could 
 Jealousy in ... please don't feel bad 
 This weed is mine get your own bag 
 A sack full of og under locking key 
 None for the homies this is all for me 
 Got a ... looking like a ... tree 
 Please roll by I got nothing on me 
 Cause the smoke is already in the air 
 I am ... two blades in my hair 
 I'll start with the kaki sweet 
 I'm gonna fuck around and take it to the classic suit 
 On the east side standing on the vip 
 Back when my only weed was the ... 
 Used to ... and you're looking so fine 
 I am sorry baby girl but tonight 
 This weed is mine 
 This weed is mine 
 You can't have it 
 This weed is mien 
 Get back to the episode sex ... 
 Out of this world ... 
 This church music listen to the ... 
 To burn my kush you must use fire 
 Dogg like never heard before 
 Smoking that bomb like tic4 
 West coast ... sea shore to sea shore 
 When is the last time you've seen the g in the g4 
 Don't worry I'll wait 
 Time is ticking I'm tripping 
 No sleeping I'll wait 
 Into the zone where these whores ... 
 I ... and they download my ring zone 
 And she is hypnotized by this pimp poem 
 What I got here is mien go get your own 
 I put this to rhymes get piece of mind 
 Oz to dye this weed is mine 
 I hear niggas talkin' about what they rollin' up 
 Smell what I smoke before the bag open up 
 Good chance you can see me there I'm smokin' one 
 License to get it from the man who grow the shit 
 Real nigga blowin' weed before I was old enough 
 If I'm in the building its hard not to notice it 
 Hit up will he said dog I got some hos to fuck 
 I'm a fall through with a ounce of that potent shit 
 Don't trip 
 Bitch we gona all sip blow the whole zip 
 Let you hit mine plus you supplying your own little bit 
 My nigga get high and let the hos twist 
 Say you don't fuck wit joints what kind you roll then 
 They ain't smokin' like ours 
 I'm rollin' up papers they be burnin for hours 
 And if its fair I'm smokin' the whole thing entire 
 I got a roll for you 
 Do you wanna smoke with me 
 I wanna smoke with you 
 Do you wanna smoke with me 
 (Repeat)