(Feat. KoKane) 
 {*Cameras flashing, Snoop interviewing Bill Clinton*} 
 Yo, hold on hold on hold on hold on 
 Stop the cameras, stop the press stop the press 
 Now Bill, this yo' nigga, Snoop Dogg 
 Now answer me this - did you fuck that bitch or what? 
 (Bill Clinton) 
 That's actually, not the first time that question's been asked; but 
 Since, I believe, and I think any person - reasonable person would 
 Believe, that that is not covered, in the definition of sexual 
 Relations I was given - ah - I'm not going to answer it except to 
 Refer to my statement. I had intimate, contact with her that was 
 Inappropriate - I do not believe any of the contacts I had with 
 Her violated the definition I was given; therefore I believe I 
 Did not, do anything but testify truthfully on these matters. 
 (Chorus One: KoKane) 
 What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie sometimes? 
 What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie... hie... 
 What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie sometimes? 
 What's the use of the truth if you can't tell a lie... hie... 
 (Chorus Two: Snoop Dogg) 
 Lies, lies, stories and alibis 
 Big Mac in the land of the small fries 
 Everyone lies and tries to get by 
 Some of us drink while most just get high 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 You tryin' to cover up the holes in your sneakers 
 You need to put your motherfuckin face to the speakers (ba-bom, ba-bom) 
 And quit tryin' to run from it (holla holla at me) 
 And c'mere, you big dummy (dumb ass nigga) 
 Don't you know you can't run from the Dizzogg 
 I'm down with (?) za, the long arm of the lizzaw 
 Y'all, niggaz know what's happening you turn your back again 
 And I'm bound to get it crack-a-lin I'm back again 
 And everybody happy for me - ain't that the truth? 
 That's a motherfuckin lie (fuck that fool) 
 Black folks stick together till we die, hmm 
 That'll be the day... 
 (Chorus One) 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 Liar, liar, pants on fire 
 Smoke so much dope they call me Snoopy Pryor (well God damn!) 
 Which way is up I'm tryin' to get higher 
 I won't stop puffin till I re-tire 
 My bitches, my niggaz, they off the wire 
 They love-ly, they love me, call me Sire 
 Movie star bitches the ones you desire 
 Angela Bassett, Tyra, Mariah, the flyest, the flyer 
 See most bitches like fuckin' with a rider 
 Slider, to the sider, invite her 
 To a gangsta, party, provider {*laughing*} 
 With a lot of meat by-products (mm) 
 And beat the puddy-pot and got up 
 She licked the dick from the top to the bottom 
 {*Woo woo woo woo*} (That's a bad bitch!) 
 Then she grabbed me by my nuts, and said "Hmm I got 'em!" 
 (Chorus One) 
 (Chorus Two) 
 {*KoKane scats and ad libs to the music*} 
 (KoKane) 
 Ah what's the use of the truth 
 If you can't tell a lie sometimes?