(Jermaine Dupri) 
 Uh, whatchu wanna do? SoSoDef 
 You wanna get down? (ah get down, get down) 
 Whatchu wanna do? (ah get down, get down) 
 Said you wanna get down? (We got Snoop Dogg, in the house tonight) 
 Whatchu wanna do? (with the homeboy JD) 
 You wanna get down? (ah get down, get down) 
 Whatchu wanna do? (ah ha ha) 
 Yeah, now check this out 
 Now, everywhere I go 
 They wanna see Don-Che-Che-O 
 Yes obsessed with SoSo all my dough 
 How the jewelry glow and the Cristi' flow 
 Ain't no secret I sleep with freaky 
 Premium bush when I push they push 
 And after we push I leave her 
 'Cause I don't love her 
 (Snoop Doggy Dogg) 
 Ha ha, and me neither 
 A-B-C-D-P-G-C 
 Who could it be, it's the D-O-double-G 
 Known for the bone and the chrome on the D's 
 Gold credit card backyard full of green trees (what?) 
 Breeze through the summer in a Hummer wit tint 
 Or dip in the low-low but that's just for promo 
 Never leave me alone, without the dough doe 
 I'm SoSo cold but y'all didn't know doe 
 Chorus: Jermaine Dupri 
 Whatchu wanna do? Said you wanna get down? (repeat 4X) 
 3X: singer starts singing "get down on it" 2X 
 And Snoop says 'we have Snoop Dogg in the house tonight 
 With the homeboy JD' 
 4X: singers sings "get down on it, 'cause we just wanna party with you" 
 And Snoop says 'ah get down, since you wanna get down' 
 (Snoop Doggy Dogg) 
 To be a high roller, you need a pistola 
 And about a half a key of some Coca-Cola 
 Now that I got older, I got a little colder 
 And I don't trip to get a chip off my [nigga's] shoulder 
 Mad dreams, of a gangsta being like Cagney 
 Or Bogey but Snoop Doggy 
 Ain't no follower, man I'ma General 
 So when I put it down I gots to be so original 
 I'm quick to bust just like Daz Dillinger 
 But that's the little homey and I'm the big homey Snoop Don Corleone 
 Spittin' it, hittin it, while I'm gettin' that 
 'Bout it, 'bout it, and happy to shout out, mmm 
 I disappear 'fore the game get crowded 
 Take a trip overseas to the West Indies, freeze 
 JD (uh-huh), music please 
 (Jermaine Dupri) 
 I get goosebumps when the bassline thumps 
 So fat, call me Professor Clump 
 Ain't nuttin on the low about me I floss 
 And no there's none of these [hoes] son what I toss 
 On the track better bring chips 'cause I cost 
 Million dollar company [fuck it] I'm the boss 
 I don't sit back and watch I go for it 
 Different colored drops on the car port, who's short? 
 (Snoop Doggy Dogg) 
 Khakis on my leg, Lugz on my feet 
 I'm walkin' up the street while boppin my feet 
 I'm fresh off the bus from Memphis, Tennessee 
 Head still spinnin from the Coke and Hennesee 
 Sit down on it, nah, get down on it 
 It really don't matter cause you want it, Dogg-gonit 
 'Cause, you must was buzzed 
 When you was bumpin your gums, who you thought I was? 
 But look, I ain't even trippin' right now 
 It's like that there, bow, wow 
 So many styles I could flip 'em like a file 
 Pop my drop top and let the beat rock 
 Dip through, course you do, miss you 
 But back to the issue, I wish you 
 Stop tryin' to clown the Pid-ound 
 Cause you don't really wanna get down 
 (Singer) 
 All we wanna do is make you dance 
 No standing on the wall 
 [JD] Get your back up off the wall, c'mon 
 All we wanna do is make you dance 
 No standing on the wall 
 [JD] Get your back up off the wall 
 'Cause I heard all my [niggaz say 
 You know it 
 [JD] Uh-huh 
 When your dancing yeah 
 [JD] That's right 
 You show it 
 [JD] Uh-huh 
 When you move move move 
 [JD] Yeah 
 You know it 
 [JD] Do you wanna dance? Come with me and dance 
 When your dancing yeah 
 You show it 
 [JD] Do you wanna move? I'ma make you move 
 When you move move move 
 [JD] Come with me, yeah yeah, we gon let the beat go on like this 
 Do I wanna dance? I'ma make your dance 
 Do y'all wanna move? I'ma make you move...