(Snoop dogg) 
 Yeah wassup my nigga? 
 I'm sittin' here chillin' with my nigga kurupt and we sayin' 
 I mean it ain't no hard motherfuckin whiteboys in the rap game dog 
 You know? no disrespect (that's right) 
 That nigga slim shady is tight than a muh'fucka though (yeah that's true) 
 But we want a nigga to come with some gangsta shit 
 You feel me? 
 (T-bo) 
 I went from rags to riches, to hittin these hoes and switches 
 Duckin snitches, and these money hungry bitches 
 So you want a dollar? well baby I can't holla 
 You ain't gettin' shit, from the break a bitch scowlin scowlin 
 Not even a penny, homegirl you ain't gettin' any 
 Oh by the way... you're too fuckin' skinny 
 Why don't you go weep, and wash your stankin ass feet 
 While my vogues burn, up and down the street 
 Eatin steak and shrimp, got my name on a blimp 
 Walk with a limp, 'cause I'm a motherfuckin pimp 
 My diamonds is blindin yeah candy paint out shinin 
 Got yo' bitch chasin me, while yo' old lady two-timin 
 Whether you mobbin in buckets, or roll in a benz 
 Keep yo' eyes on yo' enemies, separate yo' foes from yo' friends 
 Fuckin' models, drinkin' alize by the bottles 
 Eleven hundred ? ?, and my hand's on the throttle 
 Chorus: snoop dogg (paraphrasing masta ase "jeep ass niguh") 2x 
 White boy, white boy, turn that shit down 
 You know that America ain't ready for the sound 
 From dem white boyz... (white boyz) white boyz... (white boyz) 
 White boyz... (white boyz) white boyz... (white boyz) 
 (Snoop dogg) 
 I'm high 'n a motherfucker, perv on the curve 
 Fuckin' with this white boy, slangin my herb 
 D.p.g. to the fullest young 'cause 
 My homeboy ricky said, "show me some love!" 
 He got the club with this fool named t-bo 
 From the dirty south, gold's in his mouth, my peoples 
 All of my homies from the l.b.c. 
 All my white homies who smoke with me 
 Sell me bud on the weekdays cause 
 This shit's for y'all, from me and my doggz 
 If you don't know you do know t-bo my new dog 
 Fuck what you goin' through, we bout to fuck it up y'all 
 Chorus: t-bo says first line with snoop (1x only) 
 (T-bo) 
 You know who I wanna be, that white boy, that everybody talk about 
 The one that's tearin up shows, fuckin' these hoes, representin the south 
 Eyes bare-ly open, laid back in the cadillac tokin 
 Them hoes talkin' bout ridin' with me and snoop the bitches must be jokin 
 Toke smoke, up the block and glock stay cocked so you must get busted 
 And my city's hotter than a corner full of hustlers 
 Twelve slappin, trunk rattlin, and when you yappin we in a gun battle 
 When you talkin' the talk, we walkin' the walk 
 So stay in yo' house when after dark 
 We bark and we bite, ? ? 
 Knuckle up in the club to push and shove till everybody starts to fightin 
 You might think the shit's funny, but fool we ain't actin' 
 You bout that yappin? we bout that action and scratchin 
 Playin' for keeps, screamin take it to the streets 
 Camouflaged down, with them soles on my feet 
 And up in the club, thugs push and they shove 
 And you won't know who's a killer, so you betta watch who you mug 
 (Snoop dogg) 
 Bitch get your mind right, get your mind right 
 Bitch get your mind right, get your mind right 
 Yeah, white boyz up in the motherfucker 
 My nigga t-bo! 
 (Snoop dogg) 
 Yeah that shit funky dog 
 That's what I'm talkin' bout 
 My nigga t-bo, dirty south all up in this bitch 
 (We no limit soldiers, we no limit soldiers) 
 Yeah, dogghouse production 
 Dogghouse wreckin, bow wow 
 (White white white white white boyz) 
 That's how we doin' it for the nine-nine 
 White boyz, yeah we fuckin' with whiteboys in ninety-nine 
 'Cause they fuckin' with us 
 It's a game of death