What these bitches want 
 Dmx) uh... 
 (Sisqo) dmx, sisqo 
 (Dmx) yo... what these bitches want from a nigga? 
 (Sisqo) dru hill, yaknahmsayin? 
 (Dmx) what these bitches want from a nigga? 
 (Sisqo) hmmmmmmmmm (ruff ryders) dmx break 'em off 
 (Dmx) what these bitches want from a nigga? 
 (Sisqo) break 'em off, some... 
 (Dmx) 
 Aiyyo! dog, I meet bitches, discrete bitches 
 Street bitches, slash, cocoa puff sweet bitches (what?) 
 Make you wanna eat bitches, but not me 
 Y'all niggaz eat off the plate all you want but not d (uh) 
 I fuck with these hoes from a distance 
 The instant they start to catch feelings 
 I start to stealin they shit 
 Then I'm out just like a thief in the night 
 I sink my teeth in to bite 
 You thinkin' life, I'm thinkin' more like - whassup tonight? 
 Come on ma, you know I got a wife 
 And even though that pussy tight I'm not gon' jeapordize my life (aight?) 
 So what is it you want from a nigga? (what?) 
 I gave you, you gave me - bitch, I blazed you, you blazed me (c'mon) 
 Nothin' more, nothin' less, but you at my door 
 Willin' to confess that it's the best you ever tested 
 Better than all the rest, I'm like, "aight girlfriend, hold up 
 I gave you, what you gave me boo, a nut (f'real)" 
 Chorus: sisqo 
 What these bitches want from a nigga? 
 What you want... (what you want) 
 What these bitches want from a nigga? 
 Really want... 
 What these bitches want from a nigga? 
 I've been keepin' you up on it 
 Bling bling'n, on that jewelry girl I bought it 
 What these bitches want from a nigga? 
 Aiyyo, tell me what you want from me 
 Baby tell me what you want from me! 
 (So what you want?) 
 (Dmx) 
 There was brenda, latisha, linda, felicia (okay) 
 Dawn, leshaun, ines, and alicia (ooh) 
 Teresa, monica, sharron, nicki (uh-huh) 
 Lisa, veronica, karen, vicky (damn) 
 Cookies, well I met her in a ice cream parlor (aight?) 
 Tonya, diane, lori and carla (okay) 
 Marina (uh) selena (uh) katrina (uh) sabrina (uh) 
 About three kim's (what?) latoya, and tina (whoo!) 
 Shelley, bridget, cavi, rasheeda (uh-huh) 
 Kelly, nicole, angel, juanita (damn!) 
 Stacy, tracie, rohna, and ronda (what?) 
 Donna, ulanda (what?) tawana, and wanda (what?) 
 Were all treated fairly but yet and still 
 Bitches is on some other shit now that I'm fuckin' wit dru hill 
 But I'ma keep it real (what?) 
 What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon) 
 What the fuck you want from a nigga? (c'mon) 
 Chorus (w/ minor variations) 
 (Dmx) 
 Aiyyo, I think about when a nigga didn't have (yeah) 
 And a nigga told a joke, and the bitches didn't laugh 
 See now I do the math, I see if you got this 
 And this and this to some cats, that nigga's the shit (aight?) 
 And that's all they fuckin' with, but see these bitches don't know 
 If these bitches ain't for real, these bitches don't go 
 Knock on door, no show, I'm sleep tryin' to creep 
 Wit yo' best friend, put it in, dig deep 
 (Sisqo - singing over dub chorus) 
 X let me talk to 'em for a minute 
 Ooh I know I know it's so hard to be 
 A victim of my reality 
 Heard you callin me names, said I was trife 
 One thing you gotta know, I'ma be a nigga for life 
 Ooh yeah yeah 
 Oahahoh 
 Chorus 2x (w/ sisqo ad-libs)