Silly bitch is fuckin' me 
 Suckin', fuckin' you 
 Suck and fucked my whole crew 
 So whatsa a nigga 'posed to do? 
 See all my dogs is gettin' cheese, rollin', D'd 
 They got them thangs from seventeen 
 Straight from overseas, na, show me shit I neva seen 
 Fulfill all my dreams 
 I put her down, they gimme cream 
 Na, I'm on they team, know what I mean? 
 I'm representin', realizin' somethin' missin' 
 I'm on a mission 
 Want a million under these conditions 
 Which is marble tubs and gold dishes 
 The baddest bitches, AKs fo' my protection 
 Gotta guard my riches, I want the latest trends 
 The newest Benz to rule his friends 
 To fly a plane won't be no thang then 
 Mosquino fo' all my hoes, from draws to robes 
 Valet parked around like Benz, I steal the whole show 
 They got the Trick again, I wantsta fuck they friend 
 Suck that pussy then fuckin' beat that pussy in 
 She suckin', fuckin' me 
 Wanna fuck my whole crew 
 I'm thinkin' like, yo, though 
 What's tha bitch supposed to do? 
 Silly bitch is fuckin' me 
 Suckin', fuckin' you 
 Suck and fucked my whole crew 
 So what'sa nigga 'posed to do? 
 One day niggaz gon' learn how hoes really work 
 Lil' silly jerk done got ya feelings hurt 
 Now was it worth all that agony, agony? 
 Gettin' mad at me about ya boo 
 But she fuckin' me, suckin' Trick and lickin' you 
 And doin' my crew, so whatch gon' do 'bout it? 
 Huff and puff, jump, bad nigga, I doubt it 
 Ain't hard to fade, get ya shit split real quick 
 Nigga, you bitchmade 
 Done fell in love, scared of the truth 
 And if you only knew 
 She's doin' it do it like the screw 
 Na, see she's tha type a girl ya die for 
 And when you dead 
 I'll be the type of guy she lie down for 
 And spread them legs and gimme head 
 Show me all the kinky things she do 
 While you R.I.P., she's throwin' it back, thinkin' 'bout you 
 Now when I'm through, pass through my crew 
 She like it wit two or three or four 
 A lil' gang bang with a low class hoe 
 She suckin', fuckin' me 
 I really thought you knew 
 She wanted to fuck my crew 
 Now what you wanna do? 
 Silly bitch is fuckin' me 
 Suckin', fuckin' you 
 Suck and fucked my whole crew 
 So whatsa a nigga 'posed to do? 
 See all my bitches got anotha nigga 
 And all my niggaz got anotha bitch 
 But why these niggaz are suggest to get these bitches rich 
 I buy 'em shit half the time, hell, I line shit 
 Every hoes a lyin' bitch, sometimes they even find shit 
 Ya bitch is beepin' me, my bitch is beepin' you 
 And when we hop fucked up, gonna fuck 
 We beat these bitches too 
 These bitches hard at first but then they fall in 
 Don't ya know they call me the freaky freak of all freaks? 
 I break these bitches down, I make these hoes change 
 I sell these hoes game, fuck with these bitches brains 
 Have 'em wanna leave they man 
 Kick 'em out and move me in 
 Juice them niggaz and they plan be to bring bread 
 She's one of the baddest bitches, animal 
 She's off tha chain 
 See she's hard to tame and ain't gon' change 
 Nigga don't wreck ya brain over no dame 
 Who pullin' trains and runnin' game 
 See, I know these hoes and what they for 
 Nigga, it's all the same from these slimy sluts 
 And mangy mutts, they suck and fuck 
 For one quick buck and turn around 
 And set you up and shit 
 She suckin', fuckin' me 
 Don't give a fuck about you 
 She wanted to fuck my crew 
 Now whatcha wanna do? 
 Silly bitch is fuckin' me 
 Suckin', fuckin' you 
 Suck and fucked my whole crew 
 So what's a nigga 'posed to do?