Country had fronted me twenty keys told me to keep 20 G's 
 And forgot to tell me twenty five to eternity. 
 Now picture me, in a GS3 with all my fold 
 Versaci Coat, and Armani lobe from slangin' coke. 
 This ain't no joke situation nigga I'm I'll with it 
 My occupation clockin' six figures so deal with it. 
 My mob be cannon, pealin' over Teflon protect my belly 
 From nine millimeter cannon while talkin' on celly's daily 
 Niggas frontin' 'like they makin' pay 
 This is real pimpin', key comin' straight from the C.I.A. and Bill Clinton. 
 You kinda thugs ain't got a clue do you? 
 Hey who the man who supply the man who supplying you with a couple grand? 
 Interracial freedom for some luxuries This ain't the bet. 
 Nigga materialistics can't substitute for your happiness. 
 Life's about how you feel about you and what you do 
 When you waking up in the morning you seeing who? 
 I think you niggas done bit off more than you can chew 
 Cause you don't even know why you do half that hot ass shit you do. 
 Why I'm trappin' 'cause it's the only job with fair taxes. 
 Keep a nigga in tight to death in Polos and air maxes 
 I'm blastin' these niggas daily whenever they try to play me 
 Baby you wanna lay me, but baby you gotta pay me. 
 Nigga you owe me cheese, that's ground for beef 
 I'm rollin' with the P$C with a pound of chief. 
 Hey if this rap shit don't work, I'm stuck slangin' drugs, 
 Until I make enough money to go and buy me a club. 
 I got thirty six ounces that I got to move 
 And twenty keys comin' to me on the fourth of June. 
 Soon as the school year ends, I pick up my keys 
 So crank the V12 to down to females and place 'em with cheese. 
 Two hundred G's for the package, but they 10-5 a piece now. 
 On the streets they goin' for 21-5 at least 
 21-5 times twenty Look that's 4-30 
 But listen closely cause the dope game get more dirty. 
 If I cut 'em into ounces, 28 grams for 800 a piece 
 Hey thirty six of them in a key, more cheese for me. 
 Now there's 28 G's and 800 cash just for one key, 
 And I got nineteen more stashed. 
 Two hundred and eight G's at eight hundred times nineteen more, 
 Come out to 5-4-7 comma 2-0-0 
 That's 547 G's and two hundred 
 Forty seven G's you can ball 200 get blunted 
 The other 500 G's invest it in keys 
 So I can triple my cheese and have a million at ease. 
 That's how it is, this game ain't no life time deal 
 You better get as much cheese as you can and get the fuck outta here.