(Verse 1 - Young Jeezy) 
 FEDS takin' pictures of me 
 Niggas still snitchin' on me 
 Nine hundred for the sip 
 What'chu think I'm smokin' homie? 
 Oh what'chu think I'm jokin' homie? 
 Blue rims, yeah the coupe's Crip walk 
 Certified platinum think I'd rather make hits? 
 Between me and you yeah I'd rather flip bricks 
 So tell me what's wrong with glass pots and a scale 
 Pose fo' them bitches like the Double XL 
 (Verse 2 - Wille the Kid) 
 Homie we ball till we fall 
 Magic City to the law 
 Try'na stay out of reach of the long arm of the law 
 I'm calm like snowfall through preliminary hearings 
 They indictin' niggas for bootleggin' and raqatering 
 Proli' got me on the camera while I'm coppin' out the car lot 
 I'm comin' out the banks, big cribs with the cardbox 
 It's Willie 
 My future bright like a highlighter 
 They takin' pictures 'cause I'm fly like a skydiver 
 (Verse 3 - Jim Jones) 
 You ain't seen money 
 Until you seen me 
 Two hundred twenty for Bentley GTC 
 And the money ain't a thing like J. Dupri 
 When you ballin' 'round the country like the major league 
 So peace up, A-Town down 
 Tear ya streets up with them AK rounds 
 Now what'chu know about that? 
 I know all about that 
 Three birds, three nights can make a hundred thousand stacks 
 And man they got it on camera 
 The FEDS been watchin' since your boy touched Atlanta 
 (Verse 4 - Rick Ross) 
 I'm the biggest mobster to ever hit the pop charts 
 I'm a easy target they know a nigga rock hard 
 Get a clean check cut slip it in my account 
 Write a money China white a lil' girl to wipe 'em out 
 I ain't wit' the rappin' boy, I'm puttin' in the work 
 Hit his ass wit' the the rapid, lay his ass in a church 
 Get some information for you informants I got the yay 
 And I'm sellin' it cheaper than yesterday so what'chu say? 
 Boss 
 (Verse 5 - Young Buck) 
 They snappin' while we trappin', try'na find out what happened 
 They wanna lock me up before my album go platinum 
 I took my cellphone and threw it, my bank account I blew it 
 Gotta cut my conversations, I don't wanna do it 
 But who's that peepin' in my window? 
 It ain't no love, they tattle tellin' on they kinfolk 
 So if you ever been broke, yep, and turned a penny to a twenty 
 Let me hear ya holla if you want me come get me 
 (Verse 6 - T.I.) 
 Whether you know me as T.I. or you call me T.I.P. 
 I know the FBB and FBI they talk about the G.I.B 
 And you know when I be high, when I'm in the V.I.P 
 I'm sure they see me as I fly through the city in that brand new G.I.V. 
 Young, rich, and famous wit' a pistol you can call me Cheeali 
 But I'm the greatest in Atlanta, they be callin' me Ali 
 (Outro - DJ Drama) 
 I told y'all, I can't be stopped, smile for the camera 
 DJ Drama, AMG, Embassy