(George Clinton - Intro) 
 This is that dope-on-dope, smoke but don't choke on 
 It's the shit, clearly blunt junkies have been known to croak 
 Unless them toke of it's, THE BOOOOOOMB! 
 For those who think life is unfair 
 'Cause I blow my smoke in the air 
 As if no one is standin there 
 Then I'll roll one tonight, fo' yo' sorrows 
 In my chair, as I sit back smiling from ear to ear 
 With a fistful of your girlfriend's hair 
 Yes, she'll blow one tonight, fo' yo' sorrows 
 [Big Boi] (Too $hort) 
 Daddy Fat Sacks back on the scene 
 Money shot to a Three movies 
 But everything's straight like 9:15 
 It's back to the time machine, I believe 
 Back to the rhymin, back to the stick 
 Back to the hi-hat, tsk tsk kick 
 Slap, y'all nigga better think that was it 
 We everywhere (BEEEITCH~!) 
 ...Like the air you breathe 
 Got 'em stuck like Chuck into what we weave 
 Like a lace front wig stuck to the forehead 
 Best believe I'll change the steeds 
 Take the lead, change the speed 
 Slow it down just for the sport 
 Nigga, ONE of my favorite rappers happens to be Too $hort 
 (Too $hort) 
 Now everybody wanna sell dope (SELL DOPE) 
 Got a P, got a pound, got some hoes (..NOPE!) 
 Jesse Jackson had a lil' bit of hope, for the folks 
 On a roll, back in nineteen eighty fo' (EIGHTY FO'?) 
 Beeeitch~! 
 (Big Boi) 
 Just to let you know that everything is straight 
 I say stank you very much 'cause we appreciate the hate 
 Now go get yourself a handgun, you fuckin' wit a great 
 Put it your mouth and squeeze it like your morning toothpaste {*gunshot*} 
 Kill yo'self like Sean Kingston, suicidal for a title 
 My recitals are vital and maybe needed for survival 
 Like the Bible or any other good book that you read 
 Why are 75% of our youth readin magazines? 
 'Cause they used to fantasy, and that's what they do to dream 
 Call it fiction addiction 'cause the truth is a heavy thing! 
 'Member when the levee scream, made the folks evacua-ezz 
 Yeah, I'm still speakin' about it 'cause New Orleans ain't clean 
 When we shout Dirty South, I don't think that is what we mean 
 I mean, it mean the roguh, the tough, the DANGEROUS, we reign SUPREME 
 Can slaughter entire teams with the ink that my pen bleeds 
 B-I-G, B-O-I - nigga, please! 
 (George Clinton - Bridge, then Outro) 
 Don't want no girlfriends 
 Just need my dope (I just need my dope) 
 One foot on the world when, I'm behind in my smoke 
 (I'm behind in my smoke) 
 On the back burner, you can just simmer around 
 But on the front burner, you betta burn, a fat one 
 (Roll it up... fire that shit up) 
 A fat one - fire it up! 
 A fat, fat, fat one... 
 This is that dope-on-dope, smoke but don't choke on 
 It's the shit, c-c-clearly blunt junkies have been known to croak-oak-oak 
 Unless them toke of it's, THE BOOOMB! 
 Bombardin the brain, the bong infinitely plays the place to come 
 Came and went, hindbells spent, b-b-b-b-bent 
 Take another huff and puff and choke and toke 
 Icky sticky sticky and stuff a bowl and 
 Pack a pipe, twist a blunt roll, light a JOINT~! 
 'Cause this is the dope-on-dope... some GOOD shit... 
 Yeah... Lean back and puff slow...