Second you caught my eye, 
 Girl I couldn't deny, that you got me on fire, baby. 
 Something 'bout the way you walk. 
 I just can't get enough, girl you got that good stuff. 
 I think I'm losing my mind. Girl can we just talk, baby? 
 In case you haven't noticed, your body's got me focused, 
 Just want to let you know, "My name's Omarion!" Oh 
 It's nice to meet ya, baby girl you're a keepa, 
 And I'm never gonna let you go, said I'm never gonna let you go, 
 'Cause you're a keepa. You're something special, 
 Feeling you since I met you, and I'm never gonna let you go, 
 Said I'm never gonna let you go, 'cause you're a keepa. 
 Girl, it's official. Really, really want to get with you. 
 Girl, like no other, girl that's in here tonight. 
 Et's go somewhere quiet, get to know each other more private, 
 Whatever it is about ya, just feels so right, baby. 
 I like your conversation, just want to take my time 
 And come over 'round you girl. I gotta have you in my world. 
 "Come here, baby!" 
 It's nice to meet ya, baby girl you're a keepa, 
 And I'm never gonna let you go, said I'm never gonna let you go, 
 'Cause you're a keepa. You're something special, feeling you since 
 I met you, and I'm never gonna let you go, said I'm never gonna let you go, 
 'Cause you're a keepa. 
 "You're a keepa, baby!" 
 Yeah! Oh! 
 Girl, I just can't get enough, girl I just can't get enough, 
 'Cause you're a keepa. 
 Girl, you got me burnin' up, and I just can't get enough, 
 'Cause you're a keepa. 
 Girl, I just can't get enough, girl I just can't get enough, 
 'Cause you're a keepa. 
 Girl, you got me burnin' up, you got me burnin' up, 'cause you're a keepa. 
 The horns are making me horny. 
 Sugar, darlin', I adore thee. 
 These other girls are boring, really don't got nothing for me. 
 Freaky in the worst way, 
 Me and Rick James got the same birthday. 
 Simply means I'll grill you from Thursday to Thursday. 
 7 days, 1 week, 168 hours. 
 I got the power, to make you shout, 
 But I'll knock yo' ass sour. 
 Scream, scream, permanent on the team, like a Bantu, or a duke, 
 Or a Just For Me! 
 No lie, relax, lay down, you need a t-shirt. 
 You can sleep in the bed with me, 
 At the foot of the bed, with your feet first. 
 And, I will twirk you, you the only good smoking, 
 Puffing better than purple, girl. 
 I hope you fertile, girl. 
 So we can have a baby boy or a baby girl. To Chuck E. 
 Cheese and Disneyworld. 
 I'm just saying you're a keepa. 
 From the day Big Boi was born, till the day I see the grim reaper. 
 I'm keepin' her. (Ha ha)