Yeah! All the ladies say hoo 
 All the hoes say, (Gucci: hah hah hah) 
 Gucci up, here we go A-town, C-post 
 Cut masta swift down ya throat 
 Boy stop, Sir Luscious Left Foot's on fire 
 Trying to block my shine just ain't gone happen so don't try 
 Every time I get on this microphone I like to spit, 
 Inking hit up after hit 
 This penmanship is so legit 
 I came equipped like a prophylactic 
 Now they riding dicks, like 
 Stylin' on these suckas out here tryin' to buy they bitch 
 Now they rich try to piss everybody to trick off 
 But a true boss to pay the cost, she giving away her drawers, 
 Word to the brown James he some chicken chow mein, 
 Really man you done say some silly things 
 And the fella Dana Dane 
 Boy, you cuffin' claim to game 
 Hate my main thang, got my last name, ya know't I mayne? 
 I'm on my grind shawty, 
 Don't block my shine shawty. 
 Hold up, hold up guess who just showed up? 
 Rolled up, rolls cut, drop with the doors up 
 I'm on my grind shawty, 
 Don't block my shine shawty. 
 Wait a minute, wait a minute, 
 Chill a little, sit a minute. 
 I can't close my safe no more, 
 'Cause I got too much money in it. 
 Gucci in the cell; did a deal, went to jail 
 I make music, I make movies, I'm in Tyler Perry's cell 
 I don't smell coming out the lam', fuck it what the hell 
 Gucci Mane, so I'm Guccied down; she got on Chanel 
 In the tent rolling stupid kush like I'm in the restroom 
 In the club with a half a pound (hundred fifty blunts) 
 Zone 6 - East Atlanta - don't fuck with Nia Long 
 Boy: shine like it's showtime, all my jewelry on 
 On the block with my stupid watch. Boy you need to stop! 
 When I stop, everybody watch the car don't have a top 
 In the streets. Cost a stupid check roll another pack 
 Now I'm gone, I can't even flip: Eastside where you at? 
 Can't be tripping 'bout no paper cause the safe is not so safe, 
 The piggy bank got legs and feet, and can't get up and walk away shawty, 
 With my southern drawl awkwardly I spray like the backside of a skunk in the stash house with the pump, 
 Pistol grip in my lap at all times in the 'lac from Atlanta to savannah can't a nigga stop that 
 Not when god's got his hands on me only the strong survive 
 And the weak, minded are falling by the wayside, they try. 
 But we shall overcome and succeed, indeed 
 But with disaster comes a great responsibility 
 We chose to lead not follow 
 It's a hard pill to swallow 
 Better get prescriptions filled cause there might not be tomorrow.