Yeah, if you come from where we come from 
 No, we don't ever run from 
 Getting money and a... I'm just a paying back later 
 If the family need a favor, then it ain't nothing major 
 Paper changes hands quickly and the DJ is the failure 
 That is how we do, how we grew, hard to understand it 
 That is how we use, mom explaining that you ain't allowed to choose 
 Your family is your family, they gonna look out for you 
 Still aside... home boy, don't forget about your roots! 
 Growing up in AK where they don't forget their rugby boots 
 They don't play most... I'mma play where more corruptness do 
 Play way more... say hey, all my people who 
 Be gone against the grind, but don't forget by what we really do 
 What we do, where we came from, God, our names from 
 People lie right next to when the grind when my day comes! 
 It's a chance to make my music a gift for me to... 
 I think I ain't proud the new mistakes come! Oops! 
 That is how we do, how we're raised, I improve optimal ways! 
 People love to see, wonder ever if I'll ever change. 
 But I came from the future, today is tomorrow 
 That's why whatever we do, then the world gonna follow 
 The world gonna follow, the world gonna follow! 
 Celebrate it with my fam, feel like we just hit the lotto 
 The world gonna follow, the world gonna follow! 
 Man, I came from ends end not today, but tomorrow! 
 I got them lay back all in jeans, 
 I don't need no drama in my... listening to dear momma 
 With my pears sipping lagers reminiscent on the years 
 Made of tears that we set for the pile that disappears 
 So for real rot, see you when I get there 
 I still got some things that I need to tackle, about to get my... 
 I come thirsty, don't call the man I'm swerving 
 If things right here where perfect, feel I be half the person! 
 I was... a little more for a reason 
 On any day... cause see all four seasons 
 So we born believing 
 The sky ain't the limit, it's just something to react to 
 Things are looking crowdy now, but it's something cracked too 
 Umbrella packed too, you can read it like I'm tattooed 
 Proud of where I'm from, don't pose me back like a last suit 
 Laugh how we used to pay for sky before the end... 
 That is how we do, how we're raised, I improve optimal ways! 
 People love to see, wonder ever if I'll ever change. 
 But I came from the future, today is tomorrow 
 That's why whatever we do, then the world gonna follow 
 The world gonna follow, the world gonna follow! 
 Celebrate it with my fam, feel like we just hit the lotto 
 The world gonna follow, the world gonna follow! 
 Man, I came from ends end not today, but tomorrow!