2-7 that, you already know 
 And it really must have looked at but his homies 
 Is the bust from the old bar which have gone in the town 
 Where the fruiter or who dead both, 
 Think that how we ended up, 
 And the secret that some people do in tough here, 
 Could be rough here, if he's parents come here from an ... 
 And a whole put a better life, for the child in the education 
 But they ain't got time to keep you nine and they working every day 
 They will never see what's time at school, don't teach you the devil does some ... 
 But the polly kid, left and he was under vices 
 And you looking what they real force, 
 Only talk about us and doing crime playing sports 
 Standing at the dough line, I'm really caught, 
 Thinking and then fix all 
 Look the boy is from this southside 
 And if you're looking for the outside, 
 Some scared to death when they see us 
 'Cause every tense and they feature the boy from the southside, 
 But we represent the worse pride, 
 When you feel you come from the bottom 
 Till you reach the top and you stop the boys from the south side. 
 It's about time when the people talking shit now, 
 Figure out why? this town is so influential, 
 The real naughty park from the greatest central, 
 Culture or not is so instrumental, 
 But still we never acting like we too and then special 
 Don't never let nobody still we all just criminals, 
 Round here really all it's simple. 
 Praise there, struggle in city your place rare and the population 
 ... Reed five ... it's amazing, the most seven work under five the pay rent, 
 Go to church and things on, and pray for better days better payin' the better location 
 In case too spot over education, and dreaming one day to all last tape then 
 Some of exposed to the drugs and the gang land, 
 Think it's cool and to get involved up in the camera right, 
 Got a lot of teens pushing grounds for the sea life, 
 'Cause the parents through the same things so it seems right, 
 It seem right the same ... is the same the product of, 
 Pride never ... so when I got my back like the tack I'm on tour 
 So this spot give back I'll spare my awards, 
 To the school to the south side, 
 If you're looking for the outside, 
 Some scared to death when they see us 
 'Cause every tense and they feature the boy from the southside, 
 All good for nothing so fuck em 
 Giving 'em no chance, just comfort, 
 If it was up to the cups and then judge 
 It's the boys from the southside, 
 For the outlines, shout on sight, and we got crime 
 In the area if you got shine in the ... 
 Only 'cause we broke tryin' to get, I will couch right 
 What's going on and out much, 
 Six ... how we're gonna get by, I don't know the jet, 
 Leave, but we ain't gonna wait in the dope line. 
 Yeah 2 6 7, land in the airo-plane, 
 Back with my parents came from the islands, 
 With the Bible in a pair of G's 
 Tryin' to set up in a way to get to educate, 
 Shuts that'll be five streets, mind to the free pot to the green pastors, 
 Around these paths, we were blessed with the big heart 
 We can see past on the E asses, 
 Or would you born I was gonna talk, 
 All about walk, he would gang with the drug speed, 
 How about our touch on how David long 
 You run the country wide with the thug speed, 
 Join walk am I run with the top long distance ... gonna track now, 
 With my hand up, then the hand down, 
 All our people stand down,. 
 In our back got the people southside, 
 Black white with the brown pride 
 Even yell is part of the future, 
 The boy a long superbe mixture, 
 Here from the southside, southside 
 Every ... shit, to the death 
 Walk with my head out high to the sky, 
 My T-shirt said southside till I die, 
 The boy from the southside, 
 The body's outline, but then all right 
 You can see us so clearly, 
 I mean it looks like a shift go deary, 
 All this story ... and hood crowd cherry 
 Or the murder who ... like terry, 
 Numb with the son's graduate from the earth sea, 
 Two six to the two seven to the 2- 9 of the ... nine of the herby.