Yeah, yeah, yeah! 
 We gonna make it to the top, yeah! 
 So get it right, get it right! 
 Don't get it wrong, get it wrong! 
 We gonna make it to the top, t won't be long! 
 Yeah, feeling like today I've been to hell and back, 
 Told my girl start cooking dinner and pull out the welcome mat 
 Can't nobody tell me jack, radio was hella whack, 
 So I turn that shit off for drive home 
 Taped adapter plugged into the iphone 
 Now I'm up in my zone, feeling like a mother fucking cyclone 
 I could do whatever I set my sights on, 
 Step through the front door like honey I'm home, 
 ..., You reckon someone would buy those 
 Grab up all this useless shit,... 
 Get rid of it all babe, can't nobody cage me, 
 ...But sick of all this shit, 
 This job these gigs is all the same, 
 ... I don't even wanna stay at. 
 I think I go insane, you got a dream you need to chase that, 
 We needa bounce asap, they say you only get what ... 
 I'm gonna take that, and make that, yeah! 
 Oh, no more sitting around, 
 Wishing things were different down here 
 Man, I'm feeling like a change! 
 It's time to start looking round, start looking round! 
 Oh, no more sitting around, 
 Wishing things were different down here 
 Man, I'm feeling like today 
 It's time to start looking round, start looking round 
 Start lookin' round 
 Yeah, let me take you back a couple years 
 Way before I met a couple peers, a couple years 
 Before I knew that rapping could be a career. 
 Met a girl 
 Type of chick that probably turned some brothers quick 
 My mates said she was bad news, 
 I wasn't smart enough to hear. 
 All advice is going in 
 One in out the other ear 
 All my cash gone and her hands, 
 On another pair 
 Of shoes or some food or a suttle hair, color change 
 She all in my ear, saying music is just fun and games 
 Telling me to grow up, that all my mates are fucking lames, 
 I'm caught in the middle, drinking booze just to numb the brain 
 She's so insecure ...and she just complains, 
 Unhappy with her life, looking for someone to blame. 
 Too lazy to go get it, wishes she could coast the fame 
 Claiming she don't need me, 
 But she's bluffing like a poker game. 
 It's insane that I stuck around it all, misery love company, 
 Man, I'm better on my own! 
 Whoa, no more sitting around, 
 Wishing things were different down here 
 Man, I'm feeling like a change! 
 Whoa, I ain't taking no more shit from this bitch 
 I'm bout to exit quick, feeling good today, 
 It's time to start looking round, start looking round, start looking round