Yeah, I said it's D dot, D-A double L-A-S, she just thinking L-M-F-A-O, 
 Tell that she ain't well impressed. 
 'Cause we ain't on telly yet, 
 Ain't getting those spins like rihanna umbrella yet, 
 So she acting celibate, 
 But I'm in my element, I don't take that shit to heart, 
 I like proving them wrong just to make myself look smart. 
 They see the future as a blur to me it's looking sharp 
 'Cause my moneys on me you should get in from the start. 
 So we order 4 shots of raw Jager while the bottle pours, 
 Think a flowers gotta fear, when you know you got it all. 
 'Cause we on the bottom floor looking at the top and all, 
 People say we crazy but they just bet on all the bores. 
 They just wanna wish for all things to fall on to their lap, 
 I'm on a mission for it I won't sit and pause until it happens. 
 Baby quit your chitter, chatter, yap and kick back and handle the shot, 
 In a couple years you won't believe you met us in the spot. 
 You should take a picture, (ca chick) 
 Take a flick, before the world's up on this shit. 
 And say this, you were down when they weren't, 
 When no one gave a damn what we did. 
 Here we are pouring out shots at the bar, 
 Swearing one day we'll be stars. 
 Take a flick before the worlds up on this shit. 
 Take a flick, remember it in a couple years when you see dudes, 
 Resembling us. 
 Then run and tell your friends that you met us and it was nuts, 
 We pour some drinks and partied till the sun came up. 
 See it ain't even a thing that we ain't even a bang, 
 And I ain't really no singer, ain't really no king. 
 I'm just a simple man that's tryna do really big things, 
 From the land of flightless birds, bout to grow really big wings. 
 And girl I really do think that the truth come out the more that we drink, 
 Wouldn't tell you this stuff otherwise I'd probably feel stink. 
 But you caught me on an off day, or is it an on day, 
 Shit, I don't even know it's been a long day. 
 Driving past the bombay, plus one for my lady friend, 
 Make a mental note of this things won't be the same again. 
 When you see us our names again they gonna be up in lights. 
 But now the rest is history for now it's just another night. 
 So take a picture, (ca chick) 
 Take a flick, before the world's up on this shit. 
 And say this, you were down when they weren't, 
 When no one gave a damn what we did. 
 Here we are pouring out shots at the bar, 
 Swearing one day we will be stars. 
 Take a flick before the worlds up on this shit.