(Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side) 
 (Mannie Fresh) 
 Ladies and gentlemen, fresh! 
 (T.i.) 
 T.I.P., hey! 
 I know a lot of y'all niggas out there, man who ain't up on this down south shit 
 Probably wonderin' what the fuck you listenin' to right now, ahah! 
 King amongst kings! It's an absolute honor and a pleasure why'know I'm sayin' 
 To bring you... some gangsta shit of catastrophic proportions 
 All the UGK alumni like myself know what this is man 
 Hey Bun! Pimp see nigga! 
 (T.i.) 
 I gotta '66 Impala so fresh 
 White top, burnt drop wit' the choppers on deck 
 It was off, Panda motor on a '94 'Vette 
 Fish bowl, televisions pimpin' I ain't done yet 
 I got the checker red leather and I'm sittin' on chrome 
 On 26 inches just to get my roll on 
 On a Jesus songs on, make them bitches get low 
 I get that ass raised up, like Dr. Dre six four 
 Hey, come up in my hood, bet them bitches know Tip 
 If you tell 'em you wit' him, all them bitches gon' strip 
 If I show up in yo' hood, I bet you niggas won't trip 
 Once I empty out this clip, I bet you niggas gon' dip 
 Or get hit up in yo 
 "Back, front back, front back, fr-front back, side to side" [Repeat: x2] 
 Never let hoe ass niggas ride! 
 "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" [Repeat: x2] 
 And we never let hoe ass niggas ride! 
 (Bun B) 
 It's the Gulf Way Boulevard gangsta 
 Swangin' on T.I., essence of fo's (essence of fo's) 
 Pirellis and blazin' 'em crews of hoe 
 I'm a player, you can tell by how I choose my hoes 
 When it gets to swangin' on the curb, you might lose ya toes 
 Dedicated to the slab (slab), the dunks (dunks), the drops (drops) 
 The candy painted cars wit' the chopped off tops (off tops) 
 Now put ya diamonds up against the wood wheel 
 Lean back or throw ya leather, chunk a deuce, and show your grill 
 Keep it trill, this the south baby, Texas and GA 
 T.I. reppin' for Bankhead, I'm reppin' for P.A. (for P.A.) 
 Now pop ya trunk, get it crunk, it's time to ride 
 Show them boys you got that front back and side to side baby 
 (Pimp C) 
 I'm switchin' lane to lane (uh), leanin' on the switch (on the switch) 
 Sippin' on the barre, smokin' green and hittin' licks 
 Bumpin' Too $hort baby, in the candy red whips (whips) 
 Drop the top and pimp the lot and watch the trunk do tricks (do tricks) 
 Pimp see, I keep my money on my mind (mind) 
 Keep a hooker on the track and keep a swisher full of pine (pine) 
 If why'know like I know, you wouldn't try it (try it) 
 Wanna jack me for my candy car, you must wanna die (wanna die) 
 But I don't really wanna hit ya wit' this hot thing 
 I just wanna get some brain in the turnin' lane 
 Comin' down creepin' slow, sippin' on a poor fo' 
 Bangin' on the screw, and keep the pistol right here in the do' 
 "Back, front back, fr-front back, fr-front back, side to side" [Repeat: x2]