(Verse 1 - Drake) 
 High rollers, what's up? 
 Drinks Houston, what's up? 
 Onyx, what's up? 
 You does it baby you does it baby 
 Harlem nights, what's up? 
 Treasures, what's up? 
 Legends, what's up? 
 Just love me baby just love me baby 
 Yeah 
 To all my Houston Texas country muffins 
 Baby let me hit that liquor and that blunt you puffin' 
 And after that I'ma throw that fuckin' "young money" up 
 And we can both watch it fall like it's bungee jumpin' 
 Man I'm so high, next time we won't smoke all of that ounce you buy 
 Ooh, I almost forgot to blow the candles out 
 'Cause I don't really want to fall asleep and light this house on fire 
 Goodnight, I'm still up, I told my girl to lay down 
 I see the bottle is full, I'm 'bout to drink it way down 
 What up Bun my nigga? 
 Man you know we stay down 
 And I'm an honoray resident in UGK town 
 I'm on my way 
 Yeah I'm on my way 
 I never give a fuck about what any nigga say 
 The music all slow and the bitches all pretty 
 Me and Pimp about to do it for the city in this thing 
 (Chorus - Drake) 
 What up? What up? 
 H-Town in this bitch 
 What up? What up? 
 Me and Pimp about to do it for the city 
 What up? What up? 
 What up? What up? 
 (Verse 2 - Pimp C) 
 Money by the ton 
 Bricks from crumbs 
 Millionnaire from nothin' 
 Mind on hustlin' 
 Pussy a commodity but a dick sell better 
 Went from Dickies and high shoes to a cashmere sweater 
 Paint that got wetter than it was in '94 
 The drink that got thicker and the dirt weed rolled 
 '96 Impala with the stick on the floor 
 Now its Bentely four do's with Patron on the low 
 Light wood nigga, Polo fuck Hilfiger 
 Jammin' Slim Thug, belly fulla of drugs 
 Young hard nigga, underdog nigga 
 Yellow lights on the Masa' do the fall pussy nigga 
 Yellow diamonds on my finger 
 Playin' in the car 
 My dick wanna fuck but my pockets say stop 
 Not 'cause they empty I'm just greedy for somemo' 
 I need some mo' dough I'm a P.I.M.P. fo' sho' 
 (Verse 3 - Bun B) 
 Well it's the trill O.G. 
 I got the neighbourhood soul 
 Kush is dead I'm gettin' blowed 
 Ridin', bangin', gettin' throwed in the candy painted low 
 Chrome grill in front of it 
 Belts on the back of it, my homie shoes runnin' shit 
 And shorty on the side of me is straight up off the King cover 
 Don't care what anybody say long as the king love her 
 Wish I could tell her that I don't but it would kill her 
 I just keep on grippin' grains, drippin' stains 
 Bein' trilla, ain't another brotha realer 
 Blowin' thousand dollar killa 
 With that Filipino flow that I just got it from Manila 
 'Bout to snow up in my city 
 So let me put on my chincilla 
 In the 'Rari doin' donuts like my name was J. Dilla 
 All about the skrilla so just point me to the dealer 
 Keep the work up in the attic and the money in the cella 
 Your girl up in the second automatics for the fella's 
 You see us in the back than all you gotta do is tell us