(Verse 1: Derek Minor) 
 I was nine years old when daddy first touched me 
 At 15 I ran away and never stopped running 
 I met a man who took me in 'cause I was pretty though 
 He said that you could make some money in my video 
 I get high and drunk just to make it through a show 
 And act like I'm enjoying it but really this is all a show 
 I feel degraded, purity obliterated 
 This is all I know and I really hate it 
 Mr. Minor are you listening? I know that you're a Christian 
 And got computer programs to block me from your vision 
 And every time you watch me you say that I'm the issue 
 Your pastor preaching about how not to let me catch you slipping 
 But maybe I'm a victim, maybe I'm just trapped in the system 
 And next time you pray maybe I might get a mention (please) 
 Before you talk about me remember that I'm lost 
 And your secret pleasure coming at a cost 
 (Hook: Derek Minor) 
 Dear Mr. Christian, I know you're on a mission 
 I know you say the answer to my problem is religion 
 I know I'm supposed to change the way I live and stop sinning 
 But I'd appreciate it if you take some time to listen 
 Dear Mr. Christian 
 (Verse 2: Dee-1) 
 Man I'm on that chronic 
 Higher than a comet 
 Sippin' gin and tonic 
 Drinking till I vomit 
 Tatted on my arms, tatted on my face 
 Pants hanging low, nina on my waist 
 I be slanging soft, plus I got that hard 
 Die for my hood, ride for my boulevard 
 I got love for my dogs but never for these girls 
 It's M.O.E. 'cause money rule the world 
 But Mr. Dee-1, I grew up crummy 
 Saw my pops get killed in front of me 
 Saw my momma do dope in front of me 
 Felt like ain't nobody love me 
 Uniform dirty, dressing bummy 
 Went to school they called me ugly 
 Caught the bus they used to jump me 
 God I just prayed to you Sunday 
 Now it's Monday, I'm starving 
 Sip sour milk out of the carton 
 Talk to myself while I'm out walking should I put myself in a coffin? 
 I don't know! All I grew up with was trouble 
 Ain't know no role model, I knew the struggle 
 (Verse 3: Lecrae) 
 Excuse me, I don't quite understand you 
 Propaganda and banter and all of this empty chatter 
 And amidst these amens, hallelujahs, and shuckin' jivin' 
 I see a lot of hypocrites and hyper-criticizing 
 Mr. Lecrae my momma sold me up the river for some rocks 
 And daddy told me I was nothing but a problem 
 Now here you come telling me I'm a low down dirty sinner 
 And you got the nerve to wonder why I'm in these streets robbin'? 
 Well go and get batman, and go get back man 
 I don't need to be judged by you and all of your wack friends 
 Ain't gluttony a sin? Why you staring at my gin? 
 Where I'm from we don't pretend 
 We know we ain't gettin' in 
 Now the world don't trust me 
 And these streets done crushed me 
 Thought you were known for love but you just love to judge me 
 Truth is, ironically you need me around though 
 'Cause otherwise you got nobody else to look down on