(Katie, hurry up were gonna be late!) 
 (Okay just a second! God, I'm thankful for a relationship, and this crown doesn't mean a thing. 
 I thank you for all you have in store for me, and I pray that I will be forever used for your glory. I love you always, Amen.) 
 (Ladies and gentlemen, introducing your Minorville homecoming queen, Miss Katherine (?)) 
 She has a life so beautiful 
 Christian down to the cuticle 
 You know, the type of girl everybody sorta know 
 With big dreams, opportunities and plenty hope 
 Great family, the type to take a stranger in 
 Mom and her get pedicures, they like best of friends 
 Dad says she can finally date when the year begins 
 Star quarterback, "Make sure you're back before 10!" 
 Cutest couple that you will ever see 
 After dating for months they bought each other promise rings (I love you!) 
 It's summer and in time you see, the love grows 
 So they both decide to see how far the love goes 
 And take it to a place reserved for only married folks 
 After it happened, that place again they say they'd never go 
 But they did, so much for being (celibate) 
 Seven weeks later she finds out that she's pregnant (I'm pregnant!) 
 Man got a scholarship, he don't wanna ruin it (What are you talking about!?) 
 This is my senior year and marriage, I am not pursuing it 
 (I've been playing football my whole life, I got a scholarship!) 
 So they break up, right before the baby is born 
 She drop outta school and leaves the house, it's time to move on 
 Waiting tables for years, just to pay the rent 
 Everything was cool, until her baby's father walk in (Ah man, what a mess) 
 Lost her job that day, because of an argument 
 I ain't seen you in years and you act like I don't exist (You act like I don't exist!) 
 You never met your daughter, you're a deadbeat father (deadbeat father) 
 I'm glad you injured your leg and your career didn't go farther! (I hate you!) 
 She threw a glass at him, (Whoa, are you serious?!) and just laughed at him 
 Making a scene so the co-workers grabbed her (Let go of me! Get off!) Kicked off the premises, escorted by the manager 
 What am I ta do now, already we're barely managing (bare-ly mana-ging) 
 Headed home, heard a party next door 
 It's her home girl Teresa she say "What you sad for?" 
 "I got fired" (I got fired) hold up, say no more 
 Snort a line of this, it'll lift you off the floor. (Girl, try it) 
 And she did, hit after hit, month after month, year after year 
 That meth got her sprung, She'd be gone for days 
 She don't even look the same, I don't think her daughter's safe 
 (They took my (bleep) kid, took my (bleep) kid) 
 Mom and dad came and got her through child services 
 What did they expect, had a baby at 18 
 My baby daddy left me, it's the only time I'm free (It's the only time I'm free!) 
 I was homecoming queen, now I'm queen of the lean 
 They say that I'm a dope fiend, I see demons in my dreams (I see demons in my dreams!) 
 Do whatever for this high, (?) 
 I can never kick this habit, there's no point to even try (There's no point to even try!) 
 With this hell I've been through, there's no way there's a God (There's no way there is a God!) 
 If there is then he hates me, why am I alive? (Why am I alive?) 
 I just want to go home for this decade out and cry 
 But I've done so much wrong I feel like I deserve to die (I deserve to die) 
 They say Jesus you can fix it, in my home as a child 
 And I can be forgiven of my sins right now 
 But if I can be forgiven of my sins right now 
 I'd give it all to you, I need you here right now (I need you here right now) 
 Hops in the car, puts the petal to the floor (Tires screaming) 
 Drives to her parents' house, her daughter answers the door 
 She tells her baby I'm sorry (Baby I'm sorry) 
 I wish that I could be more 
 With your love, I promise things will be different than before 
 So will you forgive me? I know I don't deserve it 
 But please forgive me (Please forgive me) 
 Welcome home 
 Let the drummers play and the trumpets blow 
 Oh, welcome home 
 We prayed, and prayed for you for so long 
 (So long) So long (So long) So long (So long) 
 Welcome home, home, welcome home 
 Welcome home, welcome home