I build your empire 
 So may my kingdom come 
 Till kingdom come Now we got gold teeth in our moutheses 
 And divas on our coucheses 
 And no less than bout fifty goons every time I'm out the set 
 They post up on the corner selling crack to your mammie 
 And if you come up short then boy I might just pop, pop, pop your grannie 
 Nothing matters but this cheddar mula I'm a shooter 
 Hit the plug and sell the work call the jeweler cop a mueller 
 The Streets my kingdom I'm the ruler 
 Yeah I'm the ruler 
 Every fiend they worship me 
 Bow down when you talk to me 
 I wanna a girl who got no self esteem that I control her 
 Once so money hungry if I pay her she do what I want 
 Ok I have them both 
 That's what you do when you're a boss and you got plenty dough 
 Boy I got plenty dough! 
 I'm riding in a car that's worth more than your life! 
 Speeding through your city... 
 Oh my God 
 Hey buddy are you ok? 
 Are you ok? 
 Somebody call an ambulance! 
 Now have you ever been this high before 
 Only astronauts can breathe on top of highest floor 
 That's why they say its astronomical what I afford 
 If gravity doesn't take your breath, look at my awards 
 Whose name is on the door 
 I can take you to Egypt the grass is greener and always sunny 
 Just put your 401k in my pyramids of money 
 Now where's my cappuccino that's why I hired you 
 Five years ago there's no complaints said I inspired you 
 This salary pays Sallie Mae wife even admired you 
 Your kids should thank me I'm the reason their in private school 
 This ladder had to make you tired 
 You hope it'll take you higher 
 But today I change your life 
 I take that money (You're fired) 
 I pay that dummy 
 Go to Vegas that's my craps money 
 Haha that's funny 
 Imma sleep good tonight feels so good to have money 
 I build my own empire you can't take that from me 
 I'm a king! 
 And its quitting time 
 I walk outside like the world is mine 
 And I rule everything I see 
 Nothing out is stopping me 
 I put that on my life In today's news billionaire business tycoon Derek Smith was killed while crossing the street right outside of the main branch of Empire Financials. The driver of the car Darnell Minor lost control of his vehicle and struck Mr. Smith as he was crossing the street. The driver was also killed by oncoming traffic. This wreck has caused major damage and heavy traffic. If your're heading in this direction I suggest an alternative route