Riddle me this, riddle me that 
 Why if I wanna rap I need a strap? 
 A couple goons cookin' crack 
 Posted up in the trap, I don't understand that 
 What if I wanna tell y'all that we never got to ball 
 'Cause my stepdad was gone with a nose full of rock 
 And my momma used to work 40 hours on the line 
 Probably thinkin' that I'm lyin' or I'm ... 
 How I'ma tell y'all to sell dope? 
 I watched the dopeman make my family broke 
 I understand that you're trying to survive 
 But my pops smokin' hard and I'm watching him die 
 So excuse me if I ain't trappin' on the beat 
 But I'm rappin' for that boy that got his mammy in the street 
 And she twurkin' for that rock, if my album never pop 
 I'll listen to that homie Doc, he said ... 
 Riddle me this, riddle me that 
 Tell my why you lyin' in your raps 
 I know you tryna make a couple stacks 
 Hear I'm rappin' 'bout the trap and you really feelin' that 
 But everybody know that you really from the 'burbs 
 And unless it's in a tree you ain't never seen a bird 
 You can front all you want, but it's never gon' work 
 'Cause you just ... 
 And even if you get all the fame 
 The attention you want, people screaming your name 
 You be empty inside, and it won't mean a thang 
 'Cause you just ... 
 Go'n say what you want, but I'll tell you in the end 
 I don't never have to move, I'm at home in my skin 
 Checkin' my head when I hear the record spin 
 I'm like ... 
 Riddle me this, riddle me that 
 Why you judging everybody where you at? 
 We know life is a wrestle, matter of fact 
 And I'm watching Mr. Perfect get slammed on the mat 
 See everybody know you ain't got it figured out 
 And when somebody fall you just kick 'em when they're down 
 You hide a whole lot of sin, but we ain't found it out 
 'Cause you so good at ... 
 I know you really feel so guilty 
 Never knew the Lord, cling to things so filthy 
 So you point the finger at others so people won't see you 
 And say, "he just ..." 
 Go'n keep it real 'cause I know it's kinda hard 
 Tryna front like you perfect, but the only one is God 
 Sent his Son for your sin, boy you can finally live 
 So ... 
 Aye man ... 
 You know you ain't perfect ... so keep it real.