Artist: dr. dre featuring snoop doggy dogg*i can feel it* 
 Chorus: dr. dre (snoop doggy dogg) 
 Yeah, and you don't stop (it's still 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 
 Yeah, and you don't stop ('cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 
 Verse one: dr. dre 
 Niggers that I used to know and sell dope wit' 
 Listen to how a motherfucker flow shit, 
 And let me know what's up and they can blast on, 
 Thinkin' about the homeys that passed on. 
 Death row come to show you all the game at, 
 And show you how my label got the name that 
 So many wanna see me, and time is money, 
 But never in the p-e-n, yo. 
 Welcome back to viet nam, California. 
 Ain't a damn thing changed, so let me warn you. 
 Every motherfuckin minute you on the west side, 
 The best side, 20 niggers that just died. 
 Walkin' down the streets of l.a. 
 Stay strapped cause niggas bust caps every day, yo 
 The 1-8-7 don't stop, on undercover cops, 
 So on this spot gettin' popped, shot, 
 Droppin' like this and like that, 
 Rat-tat-tat-tat with their caps peelin' back. 
 So creep when you in the c-p-t. 
 You catch heat from fuckin' with' the d-r-e. 
 I got my eyes on the shit unfolding. 
 And there ain't gonna be no trippin' 
 'Cause they know the type of shit that I be holding. 
 If there's another word said, 
 I'll let my forty-fo' go buck to the head, nigga. 
 Chorus: dr. dre (snoop doggy dogg) 
 Yeah, and you don't stop ('cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 
 Yeah, and you don't stop ('cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 
 Verse two: snoop doggy dogg 
 3 and to the 2 and 2 and to the 1, 
 Head away, sent away, get away snoop's got a gun, 
 And he's lookin' for the cops who set him up in '86 
 Now it's time to put they ass in the mix. 
 Back on the streets with my khakis and my scars, 
 Nuts full of cavi and I'm headed for the bar. 
 Scared as a motherfucker, 'cause I'm fresh out, 
 But I got to make my green, and plus they all fiend 
 Follow me, they keep yellin' murder, but it won't stop, 
 Until the last nigga that you know drop. 
 Another nigga out, but I doubt that you really give a fuck what it's about. 
 Now, 99 pigs on a block with me, 
 Not a motherfuckin' cop wanna knock with me, 
 A c-o-n-v-i-c-t, the motherfuckin' d-o-g, comin' from the l-b-c. 
 Look at what the doc brought in, 
 A chrome 38, a fo'ty-fo' mag, and mack 10 
 So what you wanna do? (what you wanna do?) 
 I got the gauge, a uzi and the mothafuckin 22 
 So if you wanna blast, nigga we can buck 'em 
 If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em! 
 Chorus: dr. dre (snoop doggy dogg) 
 Yeah, and you don't stop ('cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 
 Yeah, and you don't stop ('cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 
 Verse three: snoop doggy dogg 
 Splat to a motherfucker face, he fall. 
 Strong motherfucker 'cause he starts to crawl. 
 I guess I gots to load the glock again. 
 Hit 'im with the hollow points and watch him spin. 
 Fuck it, I had to do this quick. 
 Grabbed the glock 17, the clip went click. 
 Tried to detect, but did not detect perfect 
 So I creep on that ass, pops him and drops him. 
 That ought to stop from beatin' up blacks, 
 Dead in his tracks, from a full six pack. 
 Relax, 'cause I'm about to take my respect. 
 I aimed the twelve gauge straight for his neck. 
 Boo-yaa! boo-yaa! then I fade into the wind. 
 1-8-7 and it's on again. 
 Well it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on, 
 Fo'-fo' desert eagle to your motherfuckin' dome 
 And it's on, and it's on, and it's on, and it's on, 
 Fo'-fo' desert eagle to your motherfuckin' dome. 
 Fuck 'em, buck 'em, if they really wanna trip, 
 Niggas keep your hands on your motherfuckin' shit. 
 Chorus: dr. dre (snoop doggy dogg) 
 Yeah, and you don't stop ('cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop) 
 Yeah, and you don't stop ('cause it's 1-8-7 on a motherfuckin cop)