Hittman: 
 It's fuckin' Ackrite. 
 Question is, can I get some? You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Ackrite bitch. 
 When I see you in the spot, you just Ackrite, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 When I yank you by the fuckin' perm 
 Don't be lookin' at a nigga crazy 
 Just get with the digits and be the fuck out. You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Let me break it down for y'all. 
 It was just one of those days 
 When I wanted to catch sunrays 
 Fun to get blunted on a Sunday, afternoon 
 Nigga Gabe got room, grab the gat for misbehavors 
 And the chocolate faded boom, flossin' hip-hop tunes 
 Zoom-zoom like the Commodoors 
 Wonder will we have drama or, end up clownin' whores 
 Around the full good to go girls 
 Like them BarybY Coast girls, ridin' shotgun, baby 
 I be postin' all world in The Riyd 
 Sippin' 151 that gave me too much pride to back down 
 Soon as we get to The Beach I'm a put my fuckin' mack down 
 I'm playin' lead, not the background 
 It's time to put Bronson on the map now 
 Walk with my hand on my Johnson, crack a smile 
 Cuties peep my style, if I don't get some Ackrite 
 I'm a have to act wild. 
 Chorus: sung by Hittman 
 Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right 
 Strap by my waistline 'cause niggas don't fight 
 Sucker free for life, so you better think twice. 
 (Aight? nD give A nigga' some Ackrite, right) 
 I'm the type of nigga player haters don't like 
 Snatchin' up your honey for some late night hype 
 Snobby ass bitches get slapped out of spite. 
 (Aight? So give a nigga' some Ackrite, right) 
 Hittman: 
 Uh... drink kickin' in, I'm stimulated 
 For those that don't know big words 
 I'm fuckin' faded 
 83 degrees, ease to a shaded spot 
 Our first spot was cool till some gangsta's made it hot 
 Now we plot and pose 
 Plus we watchin' hoes, with lots of flesh exposed 
 Gettin' swarmed by those type of niggas 
 With no game but brown nose 
 So I impose only like pros can 
 "Yo, is this your man?" "No." 
 Grab the bitch's hand "I'm Hittman." 
 Bling! Gold chain gleam 
 "Your very eligible for my summer league team." 
 Maybe too extreme 'cause the sister got steamed 
 Then Miss Thing tried to scream on my brethern 
 I got mad spit flame on the name 
 Stefan, tattooed on her arm 
 Hoe you ain't the bomb, must be a dyke 
 Witcho' lips swoll and give a nigga' some Ackrite. 
 Chorus (minus the word "Aight" both times) 
 Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right 
 Strap by my waistline 'cause niggas don't fight 
 Sucker free for life, so you better think twice. 
 (ND give a nigga' some Ackrite) 
 I'm the type of nigga player haters don't like 
 Snatchin' up your honey for some late night hype 
 Snobby ass bitches get slapped out of spite. 
 (So give a nigga' some Ackrite) 
 Hittman: 
 Frontin' on Ack-rite, causin' me to act up 
 Good Samaritan save that hoe from gettin' slapped up 
 My homies crack up at the scene I made 
 Yo my actions ain't serene when a nigga's on fade 
 If it wasn't for the 1 time brigade 
 I would've sprayed at the hooker tramp 
 As cops parade I'm afraid it's time to break camp 
 Make tracks, where else can we go to take hoes 
 From fake macks {*CAR HORN*} aiyyo, chase them girls 
 In that black Maxima, the passenger, almost fractured her 
 Neckbone, lookin' back at us 
 Plus, they on the dick 'cause the cap is hush 
 They blush, I bumrush the hush, with the largest crush 
 Try to swing an ep tonight so I don't have to keep in touch 
 Keep it on hush without the tippin' 
 Mackin' interrupted by some niggas set trippin' 
 Clip in the strap, I showed these niggas how to act. 
 (Silenced Gun Sound) 
 Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right 
 Strap by my waistline 'cause niggas don't fight 
 Sucker free for life, so you better think twice. 
 (Aight? nD give A nigga' some Ackrite, right) 
 I'm the type of nigga player haters don't like 
 Snatchin' up your honey for some late night hype 
 Snobby ass bitches get slapped out of spite. 
 (Aight? So give a nigga' some Ackrite, right) 
 Snoop Dogg: Bitch! 
 [Outro (Skit):] Yeah. 
 [Snoop Dogg:] I just wanna put my dick on your shoulder so you can put it on your mind later on. 
 [Kurupt laughing:] [Kurupt:] Take that dick off your shoulder and put it in your mouth. 
 Drink the evidence and hide the dick behind your head, the police is comin' HO 10, put this dick behind your head.