(Wind, Animals and Wild Sounds Coordinating With Beeping Countdown) 
 (Beeping Faster) 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 This is dedicated to the niggaz that was down from Day 1 
 ..(Scream and loud explosion) 
 ...Welcome to the Aftermath 
 (Group) Like We Always Do About This Time! 
 (Woman) Welcome To The Aftermath! 
 (Narrator) 
 The Aftermath, A second growth, the period immediately following an unusual event 
 This is brought to you by, the makers of funky music 
 Coming directly to you from the Soul Kitchen 
 So let's get deep 
 You ask how deep is deep? 
 Can I ask you how deep would you like to get? 
 (Woman) The Aftermath Brings To You Some Of The Best Hip-Hop And R&B On The Planet 
 (Group) We're comin' we're comin' we're comin' (Repeat X3) 
 WE'RE HERE! (Echoes) 
 (Sid McCoy) 
 Watch yourself, peep the blow up 
 From state-to-state we're touchin' home no matter what sign you throw up 
 Wait, we're on some other while you're still slippin' 
 Bringin' you all bangin' speakers for sparks fly out the car system 
 Off the tops, snatchin' props and the proper the tops we touch 
 We're hard to knock, we got it locked 
 From every angle of music the different sound view 
 R&B, rap, whatever flavor kid it's all new 
 So let's say we bring it with the EAST! and the WEST! 
 The final results: The Aftermath touchin' every coast! 
 So when the bar blows then, the DJ spins 
 And we don't set trip, we set trends 
 Love to the artists, in fact they be the smartest if they business is tight 
 'Cause keep it real means moving the cash markets 
 And constantly buildin' and stop destroying everything that we touch 
 And leave somethin' for our children 
 (RC) 
 Whatever it takes to get ya paid yeah-yeah-yeah, keep on doin' it 
 Keep on doin' it, keep on doin' it 
 And whatever it is that gets ya free yeah-yeah-yeah 
 (Gets ya free, yeah) keep on doin' it 
 Keep on doin' it, hey keep on doin' it 
 Whatever it takes to get ya paid yeah-yeah-yeah 
 (Whatever it is) keep on doin' it 
 Ya gotta keep doin' it, keep on, keep on yeah 
 And whatever it is that gets ya free yeah-yeah-yeah 
 (Whatever it is that gets ya free, yeah) keep on doin' it 
 Keep on doin' it, Oh yeah oh-I 
 Ya gotta-you gotta keep on doin' it, doin' it, doin' it 
 Aftermath is gonna keep on doin' it, doin' it, doin' it, yeah 
 (Shotgun Cocks and Blasts) 
 (B-Real) 
 Anybody killa!