King Mez: 
 Where you at? Where you from? 
 Whatcha doing over here, motherfucker? 
 Whatcha think? What you bang? 
 This ain't no motherfuckin' game 
 Now I ain't never been no gangsta 
 But I know niggas, know niggas from the darkside 
 There's some cold killers, cold killers (My nanny used to tell me) 
 My nigga used to roll with us, roll with us (Every night) 
 Married to the more money, more women 
 Now I ain't ever been the one that'll pull a gun on you but I know who got 'em 
 No, I never sold no drugs, homie but I know who got 'em 
 And I never had no fucking bullets in me but I know who got 'em 
 If you die tonight, you die tonight 
 Mama might cry tonight if she find you high off the dynamite 
 But to you is just another Friday night, got a nigga for the car tonight 
 With the bible right beside that pile of white, that's what this life is like 
 (Now do you love your life?) 
 Dr. Dre: 
 Now please don't give me a reason, reason 
 'Cause I know you wanna keep breathing this evening 
 I've been killing the game for seasons, believe him 
 That I'm the motherfuckin' one to breed them and lead 'em 
 In a league of my own, you ain't even made it up to my throne 
 You ain't even authorized for this songm might be best for you to get goin' 
 Best be careful about your tone, that shit can hit me wrong and it's on 
 I have tried my best to be calm, please don't make me grab that phone 
 Now who you know who came this fucking far from the fucking bottom? 
 (Uh oh) Thirty years in this bitch and I'm still here, decade after decade 
 And evidently I must be doing something right, word to my nigga Eazy 
 Eazy-E and Dr. Dre: 
 Eazy-E C-P-T OG from the other side (Eazy) 
 From the other side (Eazy) 
 Marsha Ambrosius: 
 It's easy to say you leave me 
 When you got everything you want 
 But it's hard for me to believe it 
 You'll find out when I'm gone 
 Dr. Dre: 
 I went from hanging out down at the swap meet 
 To driving some of the hottest cars LA has ever seen 
 People been telling me I've grown into some kind of monster 
 But they don't know me though, I've been this way since seventeen 
 Tryna get finances poppin', man, I thought that was the object 
 To some of my niggas lost they life and then there goes the team 
 My only dream was holding us down like, "Fuck who tryna stop us?" 
 You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam 
 It's your choice, I took this industry by storm young and black, killing them softly 
 Don't ever call me fortunate, you don't know what it cost me 
 So anybody complaining about they circumstances lost me, homie 
 We ain't even talking, fuck that energy, fuck up off me 
 Marsha Ambrosius: 
 It's easy to say you leave me 
 When you got everything you want 
 But it's hard for me to believe it 
 You'll find out when I'm gone 
 Kendrick Lamar: 
 You look at my lifestyle, I'm living my life now 
 I'm dealing with diligent Benjamin, how come my attitude piped down? 
 I'm fuckin' with Ice now 
 I'm fucking with shit that you only can get on an oversea flight now 
 You scared of my heights now 
 But still I got enemies giving me energy, I don't wanna fight now 
 Subliminally sent to me all of this hate, I thought I was holding the mic down 
 I thought I was holding my city up, I thought I was good in the media 
 You think I'm too hood in my video? But really no clue you idiot 
 I just can't help myself 
 Even when that record spin every now and then you hang yourself 
 'Cause I got the green and gold with a million sold, plus plenty more, and my dollar thick 
 But with or without all the diamonds though to you I'm just another nigga 
 Marsha Ambrosius: 
 It's easy to say you leave me 
 When you got everything you want 
 But it's hard for me to believe it 
 You'll find out when I'm gone 
 You'll find out when I'm gone