(All together) 
 All these niggaz and all these hoes in here 
 Somebody here gonna fuck! (repeat 4X) 
 (Hittman) 
 Talkin' that, walkin' that, spittin' it hoes 
 Smokin' this, drinkin' that, hittin it hoes 
 Fuck this I'm hittin that I'm hittin 'em both 
 Have one ridin' dick, one lickin' my toes 
 When I'm lovin' these hoes there ain't no love involved 
 No hugs, no kisses, bear rugs, bear britches 
 Rare bitches like to pose in them Black Tail pictures 
 Bitch jumped off my dick, "Is that Dre over there?" 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 Yeah -- I just took some Ecstasy 
 Ain't no tellin' what the side effects could be 
 All these fine bitches equal sex to me 
 Plus I got this bad bitch layin next to me 
 No doubt, sit back on the couch 
 Pants down, rubber on, set to turn that ass out 
 Laid the bitch out, then I put it in her mouth 
 Pulled out, nutted on a towel and passed out 
 (Kurupt) 
 Come on let's get high (hiiiiigh..) 
 Let's get high (hiiiiigh..) 
 Come on let's get high (hiiiiigh..) 
 Let's get high, all my ladies 
 Let's get high (hiiiiigh..) 
 High (hiiiiigh..) 
 Let's get high (hiiiiigh..) 
 Come on let's get high 
 I make the four hop {*hydraulic sound*} pull up at the spot 
 Weed by the barrels in my G'd up apparel 
 Stompin in the party, Kurupt, Young Gotti 
 I'm fuckin' somethin' in this bitch, hit 'em with some gangsta shit 
 Put somethin' in your mouth bitch real tasty 
 I'm lookin' real sauce in my gangsta-ass Casey's 
 Hit the party, ease up, Kurupt with an ounce an' 
 Got all the hoes in this motherfucker bouncin' {*hydraulics*} 
 Down to... 
 Yo whattup scram jones? 
 Mel-Man what's crackin'? 
 Whassup wit all these ol' punk ass hoes in here? 
 (Ms. Roq) 
 Nigga WHUT??! I'm a hustlin bitch! 
 I like them get rich niggaz, them hit the switch niggaz 
 Niggaz 'bout the sex and which bitch to hit next 
 While I'm kickin my game and collectin them checks 
 Got all y'all niggaz vexed to fuck this triple-X rated hoe 
 You say you ain't eat it - you ate it though 
 And uh, Roq don't stop, can't be droppin' no drawers 
 To the niggaz how you figure got you shittin in yours 
 Yeah, little dicks always runnin' they mouth 
 While a bitch is better off to masturbate and be out 
 All you bitches up in here know what I'm talkin' about 
 Get the loot, get the ice, fuck the wife, no doubt 
 Tryin' to live lavish, marry a big dick and stay carried 
 Holla back at them niggaz that hollered at me 
 Pop the Cris', whip the six and shit 
 And have all y'all niggaz limp when I twist my shit 
 Yeah! Bitch ass niggaz!