(Dr. Dre) 
 Hey, yo whassup? 
 My name is Dre 
 Can I blaze some Chonic witchu? 
 (Ms. roq) 
 Nigga what? FO' SHO'! 
 Roll that shit up! 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 Hell yeah, still "Alwayz Into Somethin'" 
 Heart still in Compton 
 The comp can't oppose, dope Cali platinum classicals 
 Introduced you to my Doggs, that don't love hoes 
 And Firm Fiascoes - assholes 
 Fucked you up with my last video, tuxed up 
 Doin' a tango... 
 And cash, always in my grasp 
 Came up in the game wearin khakis not kangols, stranglin hoes 
 When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh 
 Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass 
 One feed me mangoes, the other lightin my hash 
 Rap tabloids write Dre's light in the ass (what?) 
 Came home uptight, ready to mash 
 Like a gas pedal, get on that sixty-four Chevy level 
 AK-47 heavy metal 
 Who say Dre ain't ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle 
 I throw three at you, tell me if you see devils 
 'Cause we rebels over here, I smell Chronic in the air 
 That means we takin' over this year 
 You hear? 
 (Ms. roq) Chronic, two-thousand, "ONE! {*echoes*}" -- KRS-One 
 (Dre) That means we takin' over this year, ya hear? 
 (Ms. roq) 
 Light Speed, blazin' Chronic through the galaxy 
 Hydro, doja, chocolate thai weed 
 Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey 
 Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas 
 (Hittman) 
 I hang among hustlers, I slang and hoo-bang Bronson 
 When bustaz roll through, can't fuck with my bold crew 
 We will hold you captive and bust 
 Cause gangbangin is the active, activity 
 Where I be livin' B, there ain't no Liberty Statue 
 Hope you got your gat, don't let them catch you 
 Slippin, without yours, it's warfare outdoors 
 Ambulance, violent uproars 
 Trash niggaz takin' out like chores I meet whores on tours 
 Jeans hot as pepper so I sip, champagne on stormy shores 
 We on some hardcore, pornographic 
 Totin Austrian firearms that's made out of plastic 
 In these drastic surroundings, it be sounding like 
 Lebanon, makin' fools "RETREAT!" like Megatron and Starscream 
 Oh yeah I scream-on-stars 
 To get loot and crossover like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar 
 Get out your car son, that's how I came to bougie niggaz 
 At bar one, it's either that or make front page stardom 
 I'm the Golden Child, chased by Sodom 
 ?? Gots my bulletproof it's hard to shoot me you hear? 
 (By the time you see him {*BLAM BLAM*}) 
 That means it's real fuckin' hard to shoot me, you hear? 
 (Ms. roq) 
 Light Speed, blazin' Chronic through the galaxy 
 Hydro, doja, chocolate thai weed 
 Or we might be sippin on gin or Hennessey 
 Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas