(Feat. E-A-Ski (Mr. Ski)) 
 (Intro: Dr. Dre Talking) 
 Yeah, I'm just sittin' in the lab, I'm... 
 My name is Dr. Dre, and 
 I want all you mothafuckers out there to know 
 That I have a split personality [Mr. Ski chuckles] 
 And sometimes I just, exit through these things, you know 
 Ha ha, you know, hell yeah... 
 (Break: E-A-Ski) 
 Mr. Ski nigga 
 I'm takin' over shit Dre 
 (E-A-Ski chuckles and laughs) 
 (Verse 1: Dr. Dre) 
 Diagnosis, roaming with more personality to slaughter 
 With modern tech, jugglin' hard in a Leg' versus manslaughter 
 I took a swig of the potion and it sent me coastin' 
 With visions of my ulti-Eagle hittin' three wheel motion 
 "Is it Dre, is it Dre" 
 No that Ski in a purple 6-tray G.T.A. 
 Killin' any mothafucker walkin' 
 And all these niggaz in these magazines that keep on talkin' 
 Don't get twisted, I been there, I done that 
 But Ski's out control and maniac 
 He just show me that he got my back "I just show him I got your back" 
 See, in a lot of there, I'm straight 
 I'm Dr. Dre, but after stroke of mid night 
 And Mr. Ski A.K.A. Dooms Day 
 Concocted the shit up in my lab 
 With Mr. Ski up in my head, bringin' on the Aftermath 
 You can see the stars runnin' from the sky 
 Tryin' to get away from Dr. Dre and Mr. S-K-I 
 [Mr. Ski:] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health 
 [Dr.Dre:] I'm livin' on another level that y'all ain't been yet 
 [Mr. Ski:] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health 
 [Dr.Dre:] yo, the life style that I'm livin' is just too complex 
 (Verse 2: Mr. Ski) 
 It's Mr. Ski and Dr. Dre, can't stop this maniacal individual 
 To start showin' level, with 7.0 on your digital 
 I'm tryin' to take over shit like Buddy-love 
 But this professor ain't nutty and he can't do it, any herpe dove 
 I was the madness that brought on Dre Day 
 Such this time Dr. Dre, he's the one is gonna pay 
 I dropped this bud, strain in his brain and shed it off 
 And have them slangin' guns to them females wouldn't set it off 
 I do dirt, and tied up his body and break free 
 Witnesses saw Dr. Dre but it was really Mr. Ski 
 You might think it's insane, but it's a clever scheme 
 Dre don't know shit, he wake up in the morning thinkin' it was a dream 
 Put his ass to sleep and soak his game up 
 Steady mobbin', hopin' to get this mothafucker brained up 
 I can't stop till I succeed, then I can break free 
 No longer Dr. Dre, nigga it's Mr. Ski 
 [Mr. Ski:] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health 
 [Dr.Dre:] I'm livin' on another level that y'all ain't been yet 
 [Mr. Ski:] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health 
 [Dr.Dre:] yo, the life style that I'm livin' is just too complex 
 (Verse 3: Dr. Dre) 
 I start shakin' 
 Test tools and bottles start breakin' [glass crush] 
 My Ulti-Eagle starts overtakin' 
 Instantly spinnin' around like the mass 
 Tossin' that shit up off like a twister 
 No longer, the docter or Mister "Ski" 
 I can't hold it back 
 I'm trapped behind the walls of my brains, tryin' to count a rack 
 "Even though tryin' to fight" 
 My vocal tone ignited into a loud scream "how high" 
 It's time to get the fuck up off, yeah 
 (Verse 4: Mr. Ski) 
 I'm on the loose like 2Pac I'm juiced 
 God bless the dead 
 But I'm already dead from trauma to the head 
 I'm a verbal Manslaughter on the Mic 
 Bumpin' in your trunk, shatterin' your glass from the street life 
 Nobody wants to play with me so I'm drillin' them 
 I'll be back like Swords nigga, so I can finish killin' them 
 If you want music to drive-By 
 Torment minds like yours and Dr. Dre 
 But all I think about is S-K-I 
 [Mr. Ski:] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health 
 [Dr. Dre:] I'm livin' on another level that y'all ain't been yet 
 [Mr. Ski:] the Doctor should've told you, Mr. Ski is fatal to your health 
 [Dr. Dre:] yo, the life style that I'm livin' is just too complex 
 (Outro: Mr. Ski) 
 (Exaggerate chuckles)