Artist: Dr. Dre featuring Kurupt and Rage and RBX and Snoop Dogg 
 Song: Stranded On Death Row 
 Album: The Chronic 
 Intro: Bushwick Bill 
 Yes, it is I says me 
 And although agree are more than 3 'cause they're we 
 *Laughter* 
 Yes, yo! I'm in the house now for sure 
 Because I wanna talk about the hearts of men 
 Who knows what evil lurks within' them 
 But let's take a travel down the blindside 
 And see what we find on this... 
 Path... 
 Called... 
 Verse 1: Kurupt 
 Stranded On Death Row, so duck when I swing my shit 
 I get rugged like Rawhead Rex with fat tracks that fits 
 The gangsta type, what I recite's kinda lethal 
 Niggas know, the flow that I kick, there's no equal 
 I'm murderin' niggas, Yo and maybe because of the tone 
 I kicks when I grip the mic and kick shit 
 Niggas can't fuck with 
 So remember I go hardcore and slam 
 Nuff respect like a sensei, ba-bash like Van Damme 
 So any nigga that claim they bossin 
 What don't you bring your ass on over to Crenshaw and Slauson 
 Take a walk through the hood when we up to no good 
 Slangin' them things like a real O.G. should 
 I'm stackin' and mackin' and packin' a 10 so 
 When your slippin' I slip the clip in 
 But ain't no set trippin' 
 'Cause it's Death Row, rollin' like the mafia 
 Think about whippin' some ass, but what the fuck stoppin' ya 
 Ain't nathin' but a buster 
 I'm Stranded On Death Row for pumpin' slugs in muthafuckers 
 Now you know your outdone 
 Feel the shotgun, Kurupt inmate, cell block one. 
 Verse 2: RBX 
 No prevention from this mention of sorts 
 You're a victim, from my driveby of thoughts 
 No extensions, all attempts are to fail 
 Blinded by the light, it's time you learn braile 
 From the lunatic, I death like arsenic 
 When I kick up wicked raps 
 Dr. Dre will kick the scratch 
 With treachery, my literary form will blast 
 And totally surpass the norm 
 Not a storm, plural, make it, many storms 
 When I'm vexed, I fly leg necks and arms 
 In this dimension, I'm the presenter 
 And the inventor and the tormentor 
 Deranged, like the hillside strangler 
 MC mangler, tough like Wrangler 
 I write a rhyme, hard as concrete 
 Step to the heat and get burned like mesquite. 
 So what you wanna do? 
 The narrator RBX, cell block 2. 
 Verse 3: Rage 
 Rage, lyrical murderer 
 Stranded On Death Row 
 And now I'm servin' a lifetime sentence 
 There'll be no repentance 
 Since it's the life that I choose to lead 
 I plead guilty 
 On all counts let the ball bounce where it may 
 It's just another clip into my AK 
 Buck 'em down with my underground tactics 
 Facts and stacks of clips on my mattress 
 Bed frame there's another dead pain 
 Layin' lain' with the shame, who's to blame 
 Me, the lady of Rage 
 On when I'm comin' from the D E A T H in 
 R O W takin' no shit 
 So flip and your bound to get dropped 
 It's 187 on muthafuckers don't stop 
 Handcuffed as I bust there'll be no debate 
 It's Rage, from cell block 8. 
 Verse 4: Snoop Dogg 
 And yo' steppin' through the fog 
 And creepin' through the smog 
 It's the #1 nigga from the hood, Doggy Dogg 
 Makin' videos, now I stay in Hollywood 
 Bustin' raps for my snaps now they call me Eastwood 
 Dre is the doctor and my homey little nigga 
 Warren G is my hand and my hand's on the trigga 
 Shootin' at the hoes with the game that I got 
 Sent to Death Row 'cause I wanted to make a grip from servin' my rocks 
 And I'm still, servin' for mines, peace 
 To my muthafuckin' homies doin' time 
 In the pen and the county jail 
 Mobbin' with your blues on, mad as hell 
 And you say yeah fuck the police 
 And all the homies on the streets is all about peace 
 And it's drivin' the cops crazy 
 But ain't nuttin' but a black thing bay-bee, uh 
 No I'm not flaggin' but I'm just saggin' 
 I betcha don't wanna see the D O double G 
 And you can't see the D R to the E 
 Or my muthafuckin' homey D.O.C. 
 You know you can't fuck with my muthafuckin' DJ 
 That's my homey and we call him Warren G 
 Yeah and you don't stop 
 Doggy Dogg break 'em down with the muthafuckin' Dogg Pound 
 That's the only way we'll beat 'em man 
 We gotta smoke 'em, then choke 'em 
 Like the muthafuckin' peter man 
 It's like 3 & to the 2 
 And 2 & to the 1 
 Cell block 4 peace Doggy Dogg's done. 
 Outro : Bushwick Bill 
 Yo, now you know the path I'm on 
 You think your strong, see if you can travel on 
 'Cause only the weak, will try to speak 
 Those who are quiet, will always cause riots 
 There's 3 types of people in the world 
 Those who don't know what happened 
 Those who wonder what happened 
 And people like us from the streets that 
 make 
 things happen!