This one is for my brother, Tyree, R.I.P. 
 A message to God 
 Since you finishing 'em early, what possessed you to start him? 
 We made a vow, later we'll regret till death do us part 
 Lord, I thought we was made for each other 
 You shouldn't connect those, made to be taken away from each other 
 Now what I'm supposed to do? I'm only half the man that I was 
 I'll never last 'cause my better half is up there with you 
 You knew what you was doing when you made us; so with all due respect 
 You coulda forgave him, you didn't have to take him 
 He can take the game with him 'cause he defines the word 
 The one who puts the G in it, who you think put me in it? 
 I'm feeling like my whole world is blinded, wondering why 
 Crying, pouring out my heart, pouring out liquor behind it 
 We fought like brothers, something we never should do 
 We coulda used time spent arguing telling the truth 
 He had talent too, I had plans on watching him grow 
 Don't know what hurts more, seeing him leave, or watching him go 
 Mary J. Blige: 
 Listen listen listen, listen, listen (Whoa) 
 Listen listen listen, better listen (Whoa) 
 Listen listen listen 
 Listen, mmm-mmm-mmm 
 Rell and Mary J. Blige: 
 If you wanna know why (Why I live my life) 
 The way that I do ('Cause I got to get this money) 
 So don't worry about me ('Cause I know my way around) 
 I'm just hustlin everyday, runnin' this race, makin' this paper 
 Dr. Dre: 
 You'se a soldier, you're probably packing heat up there 
 Met up with homies from the street, and got deep up there 
 If you only knew the way I felt before they ruined the crew 
 I thought I learned from Eazy, now I'm going through it with you 
 We lost a thug, a son, and a father 
 I spoke to your son, the other day, and told him Uncle Dre got him 
 The Lord must be accidentally pulling your file 
 'Cause I'm still paging you, 911, straight in denial 
 Prayin' you get it, but no man can choose the card he was dealt 
 You either quit, or you gon' play it like you get it 
 I done been through all emotions, from in shock, to keeping a poker face 
 To straight breaking down and showing all emotions 
 I'm anxious to believe in real G's don't cry 
 If that's the truth, then I'm realizing I ain't no gangsta 
 It's just not me, but you know I'mma always ride wit you 
 I miss you, sometimes I wish I just died with you 
 Mary J. Blige: 
 Listen listen listen, listen, listen (Whoa) 
 Listen listen listen, better listen (Whoa) 
 Listen listen listen 
 Listen 
 Rell and Mary J. Blige: 
 If you wanna know why (Why I live my life) 
 The way that I do ('Cause I got to get this money) 
 So don't worry about me (Don't worry, don't worry) 
 I'm just hustlin everyday, runnin' this race, makin' this paper 
 Mary J. Blige: 
 Yeah, yeah, ah, listen, mmm 
 If you don't know why I, you gotta listen up right now 
 Listen, listen, listen, listen 
 Oh, oh 
 Listen, listen 
 Ah oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, ooh 
 Ya, listen 
 Listen, children listen 
 I'm tryin' to tell you somethin' good 
 Don't get caught up in the hood 
 Yeah, yeah, whoa 
 If you don't know why 
 You gotta find out the reason why 
 Brother, brother 
 Tommy Chong: 
 Who are you? Dr. Dre, haha 
 Are you a real doctor dude? 
 I mean, like, you know, can you prescribe some drugs for me man? 
 Come on, dude, I'll, hey I'll split whatever I get with you, okay? 
 Ah, the chronic