We call him Yella, he is the best 
 He rocks the house on the DMX 
 When he's on the beatbox, he cannot miss 
 So listen to the beat, as he rocks like this... 
 Yes, Yella is his name, and he's created 
 The big beat sound, so devastated 
 Party people in the place, you beware of the shock 
 'Cause Yella (Yella) Yella is on the beatbox, huh! 
 To feel the beat, it's time for you 
 To rock with the devastatin' Wreckin Cru 
 You got snare, hi-hat and bass in your face 
 So come on Yella boy, let's wreck this place, huh! 
 The headlines read "We are in Town" 
 The World Class Cru is gonna throw down 
 We are here, and here to stay 
 And we came to raise hell, and not to play 
 As we grow stronger, you get weaker 
 Sucker MC put your ear to the speaker 
 There is no doubt that we are best 
 We don't have to scratch just to make the beat fresh 
 The beat will blast and we'll outlast 
 There is no other that's in its class 
 It's not a 808 or a Drum-you-lator 
 It's a DMX and it is greater 
 It makes a sound that's so unique 
 Huh! To rock your butt and move your feet 
 Now sucker MC's we will impress 
 'Cause Yella (Yella) Yella on the DMX, huh-huh! 
 Party people in the place, we're not through 
 We're gonna show just what we're gonna do 
 So listen up close and don't miss a word 
 'Cause it is the hardest rap you ever heard 
 Like a blast from heaven, a blaze from hell 
 Who's comin' on the mic? Well, it's Cli-n-tel 
 So sucker MC's, you better beware 
 'Cause I will be your next nightmare 
 Yes, I am fresh, the MC wizard 
 When it comes to cold raps, huh, I'm a blizzard 
 Well, I'm the genius, the mastermind 
 Super def creator of MC rhymes 
 So come a little closer and you will see 
 Who? The Cli-n-tel's in the place to be 
 Now comin' on the mic without delay 
 A little "Bom bom bom"... It's Dr Dre 
 I'm the physician who's gonna start dishin' 
 All them things that you've been missin' 
 If it's for answers that you have been fishin' 
 Take a bite of this for your nutrition 
 I'm the real doctor, that is final 
 All you other suckers are made of vinyl 
 I won the election to issue injections 
 To who? Sucker MC's who wish for perfection 
 Next in line there's Lonzo 
 Producer of the groove, grandmaster of the show 
 The head debater, there is none greater 
 Because he is the Cru's creator 
 You put us all together, you've got the best 
 While Yella throws down on a DMX, huh-huh!