Talking* 
 Yeah Gotta love baby. 
 How yuh feeling. 
 I bet yuh I could make yuh feel better? 
 Take that off 
 Listen 
 Came here on a mission with one thing on my mind. (My mind, mind) 
 Yeah I came here along but I'm leaving here with a dime. (Shawty yurr a dime, yurr so fine.) 
 Oh girl yuh got my full attention and theirs something bout yuh. 
 Girl the way yuh wine it up, makes me want to get behind yuh. 
 So won't yuh whaoo girl. 
 Come up out yurr clothes come over here 
 Right now I'm headed to my car and to the crib. 
 And baby we can leave pronto, go into my condo. 
 Yuh gone black out when I, 
 Blow yurr back out, out, out (Blow ya back, blow ya back out) x4 
 Blow yurr back out 
 Imma make sure that yuh feel me. 
 Put yurr ankles where my ears be, 
 And I'm all up on yuh, all up on yuh. tryna put yuh ta bed. 
 Imma do it in my boots, yurr stiletto's, yuh can leave em' on. 
 Imma dog, Imma dog, gimme a bone. 
 Act like we making babies, sexing yuh so crazy. 
 Oh, don't forget about four, 
 Play with me I promise I will make it go oh. 
 When I'm loving yuh it's like I'm swimming in a pool. 
 Yuh know what it is, girl give me a kiss. 
 And I'm happy that yuh came, that's double me and this. 
 Imma sleep, sleep, sleep. Yurr kitty's like a lullaby. 
 I'm so glad that I'm in that. 
 Come up out yurr clothes come over here. (oh yeah) x2 
 Right now I;m headed to my car and to the crib. 
 And baby we can leave pronto, go into my condo. 
 Yuh gone black out when I, 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Blow yurr back out, out, out (Blow ya back, blow ya back out) x4 
 Blow yurr back out 
 Break-Down* 
 What's ya name, what's ya age. 
 Hit me later on and maybe we could hang. 
 Yuh can call yurr girls, Imma call my boys. 
 I'm choosing em' tonight and yurr my chose. 
 Whoa woo. 
 Oh whoa 
 Come up out yurr clothes come over here. (Ladies, and all my guys) 
 Right now I'm headed to my car and to the crib. (If it's five o' clock in the morning) 
 And baby we can leave pronto, go into my condo. (Imma put it on yuh oh yeah.) 
 Yuh gone black out when I, 
 (Heey, girl I just wanna blow yurr back out) 
 Blow yurr back out, out, out (Blow ya back, blow ya back out) x4 
 Blow yurr back out girl, blow girl x2 
 I just wanna get yuh all night.