Yeah, 09 our year... (haha) 
 Mixtape status... Youtube..(haha) 
 Teyana Taylor what's good? 
 C. Breezy in the building... 
 Yeah man, 
 Let's go in... 
 Chris Brown: 
 I'm in the clouds homie... 
 No gas mask, 
 Paper long stack higher than giraffe a**, 
 I'm used to driving space-ships so I'm landing wrong. 
 On some ugly shit, ET with a bandana on. 
 Dolce book bag, Louie rag, hanging out the right side, 
 Red lightning in my hair I'm looking on the bright side... 
 Listen to my music, yes I highly recommend it, 
 But if you ain't messin' with it why the hell you commentin'? 
 And I'm really lovin' rappin' now, 
 Know I had to get it in... 
 Listening to rappers and some of 'em sounding feminine, 
 Any stage or any show I been there or I done it, 
 Too big and these girls run from it. (haha) 
 These young niggas here now, yeah we 'bout to shut 'em down, 
 My little sister Teyana Taylor and yeah I'm Chris Brown, 
 And ain't no goons with me gone act silly, 
 Don't forget mother-sucker I'm illy... 
 Teyana Taylor: 
 Uh, I guess the magazines just ain't enough. 
 Still wanna play with us. 
 When that beat get murdered right away you know they say it's us. 
 Blog sites, web sites, they all know I'm dead nice, 
 Porsche at the red light, you hardern chicks is dead tight, 
 Money steady generatin', haters give me inspiration, swagged out generation, got your child board skatin', 
 M.O.B so solid, rate bands so poppin', multi-colored finger nails, cranberry phone posse. 
 Killin' every beat I touch, pardon everything I say, 
 Pen game, whip game, I just bought a car today. 
 Jealous of my one of a kind swag you're dumb match, 
 Shorty tried to copy and paste my style, she's dumb gas... 
 Scared of nobody, I push it to the limit... 
 You rap chicks is burnin' here's a number to a clinic, 
 CB is with me and familiar with the movement, 
 Neglect every instrument to my body and abuse it. 
 Chris Brown: 
 Alexander McQueen jeans, I'm on that mean shit... 
 Super Sweet 16 clean, my magazine clip, 
 Yeah you a hater now, check check out my gators now, 
 Rockin' goose downs and I'm with a belt crocodile. 
 Can't forget my fur coat, shorty name Merlow... 
 And she mad wild, and I like the way it pur yo, 
 2012 yeah, I'm rockin' new denims, with the temperature control all in 'em. 
 Teyana Taylor: 
 Yeah. I'm gone go hard, so hard, 
 Everytime I spit is after par you know I show off... 
 Lyrics is impeccable. 
 You know I'm gone act the fool. 
 Yo he and my model swag Y 3 2 cool. 
 Yeah my block is forty left, 
 You know we don't play no games, 
 Timberland hard denims, wife beat swag flames... 
 Harlem is my birth place, 
 L.A where my work lay, 
 Haters check my profile, 
 Now this ain't Myspace. Oww!