(Verse 1: Timbaland) 
 Baby girl, I think we need to sit and talk, talk, talk 
 Playing with my money: paper, scissors, rock, rock, rock 
 Blowing up my heart then stick a pen and pop, pop, pop 
 Even you could leave it, don't know what you got, got, got 
 I could be wrong, you could be right 
 You'll probably be alone, I probably not 
 Well listen girl, you acting like an idiot 
 Really tried to love you but it's getting hard, hard, hard 
 (Hook: Chris Brown) 
 Is you crazy? Did you lose it? 
 Are you stupid? Are you foolish? 
 Girl, I'm the only one like me on the planet 
 It don't take rocket science to understand it 
 Your paper, scissors, rock my world 
 Girl am I the one you playing? 
 Your paper, scissors, rock my heart and throw it all away 
 You throw it away, throw it away, th-th-throw it away 
 Throw it away 
 Paper, scissors, rock my heart and throw it all away 
 (Verse 2: Timbaland) 
 Well I can take you back to the spot you was bought, bought, bought 
 Make 'em return my paper, scissors, rock, rock, rock 
 Maybe you can think about the shit and stop, stop, stop 
 Climb up on this boat and show me how you jump, jump, jump 
 I could be wrong, you could right 
 You probably be alone, I probably not 
 Well listen girl, you acting like an idiot 
 Really tried to love you but it's getting hard, hard, hard 
 (Hook: Chris Brown) 
 (Big Sean) 
 Okay whoa there, whoa there, is you noodle? 
 Cock-a-doodle? 
 Are you crazy? Crazy, crazy bitch 
 Did you knock a couple screws loose? 
 I know what time it is, only cause you *cuckoo* 
 I got bitches jumping for me like a bouquet by the beaucoup 
 Are you tryna leave? Ay you trippin', tie your shoe lace 
 You's a dime bitch, cause you two-faced 
 And you gave me heads and tails 
 Throw it at me baby, I be the Wishing Well 
 For real though, I know our shit's not perfect 
 We connected then need space, swear our love is written in cursive 
 Put that rock up on your finger 
 Paper in your hands 
 But you can't cut me out 
 Bitch this ain't no game