(Ludacris (Chris Brown)) 
 Luda!(yep) 
 S.g.! 
 Chris breezy (it's me) 
 I know what them girls 
 I know I know what them girls 
 I know I know what them girls 
 I know I know what them girls like 
 (Bridge: Sean Garrett) 
 I know what they feel 
 'Cause I'm breathing on the hills 
 And it's me they wanna kill 
 'Cause I give her what them girls like 
 (Verse 1: Ludacris) 
 Relax and take notes, 
 While I'm put you up on game 
 Get a sweeter connect, then if I put you up on cane, 
 But you should grab yourself a seat and a whisky double, 
 Because the girls of the world ain't nothing but trouble, 
 They like a little danger and might not admit it, 
 But they on for the chase and they want us to come and get it, 
 Plus they love a young thug that's overflowing with swag! 
 And keeps his women all draped in new louis vuitton bags! 
 With Louis Vuitton pumps, look at her walk to 'em, 
 I like open toe straps, but sg talk to em! 
 (Sean Garrett) 
 I gotta whole bunch of girls I'm tryin' to bring by their kryptonite, 
 Betta wear your cake, 'cause they bringing that kryptonite, 
 (Ludacris) 
 I know what you like baby! 
 (Verse 2: Ludacris) 
 Yeah, we gonna take this to verse 2, 
 Now some of 'em wanna family, a sense of security, 
 Necklace, bracelets and all other types of jewelery, 
 So, shop till you drop, or till it makes you psychotic, 
 Here's a triple black card, it ain't tricking if you got it! 
 Others will stay content if you just making 'em laugh, 
 Send 'em to the spa, get a massage then bubble bath, 
 So later on, they can dance and throw a drink in they hand, 
 And try any and everything they never did with they man, me! 
 So get loose and slide off your damn garments, 
 Show 'em whose the boss, they take orders from the sergeant 
 There's places on your body that I'm trying to find, 
 So in the sack, talk to me, tell me what's on your mind, 
 And I got plenty more to learn if you's invested in me, 
 They don't love me for who I am but who I'm destined to be, 
 And for that!, I'll give you everything up under the sun, 
 Cause in the end, all the girls just wanna have fun! 
 (Ludacris) 
 I know what you feel yes! 
 (Ludacris) 
 They wanna talk to ya, so shut up and listen! 
 If you can't take the heat, then get the fuck out the kitchen! 
 Cause a ride or die man for his ride or die chick, 
 Gets that ride or die pudding for that ride or die shit! 
 I say, 
 They wanna talk to ya, so shut up and listen! 
 So if you can't take the heat, then get the fuck out the kitchen! 
 Cause a ride or die man for his ride or die chick, 
 Gets that ride or die pudding for that ride or die shit! 
 They wanna go on vacation! I know it! 
 Lets go! 
 (Ludacris) 
 Yes! they want what they can! 
 (Ludacris) 
 Women, 
 I love y'all, there's not enough time. 
 Believe that, and if your man don't tell you every day how beautiful you are, 
 I'm letting ya know right damn now, 
 You are beautiful baby! 
 I love women so much, I have one, 
 Luda! 
 Chris breezy, this too easy, 
 Sg what up!