Umm. Goddamn. uh what the fuck, what time is it? I swear I parked my car. Shit. 
 Aye, light hit my face, sun brought the heat 
 Open my eyes see my car parked across the street, 
 And then it hit, I ain't really slept that long in a week, 
 Matter fact I don't even remember falling asleep, 
 Alantic office claimin' J just keep calling the heat, 
 Is it an emergency or something you need to talk to me? 
 J said: 
 "I thought you needed to talk to me, 
 If it's a change made aware I think I outta be, 
 You making ultimatums now you don't talk to me 
 You make shit way worse then it outta be, 
 I ain't arguin' on the phone, come talk to me!" 
 I'll be waitin on you dawg at the office, peace! 
 Now I'm thinking hard as I walk out my house, 
 The fuck have I done now, what could he be talkin' bout? 
 I been stayin' outta trouble shit I bin' on the couch, 
 I was working on the album I was listenin now, 
 Then Doug called 
 "Ay you spoke to J?" 
 Yeah is it something I don't know that I was supposed to say? 
 All I know before the hour I awoke today, 
 Nigga commin' with the realist and he chose today 
 I'm real close to J I seen ups and downs hit 
 But I ain't never heard him sound the way that he sounded 
 It really caught a nigga by surprise, I was astounded 
 He a real cool dude but why he call me clownin? 
 (You say'n you don't know 'bout it?) 
 Know bout what? 
 (Atlantic records said you called the office and went nuts) 
 (Makin' death threats talkin' loud gettin' buck) 
 Man they said I did what? folks I'm just gettin' up 
 (Say you waitin out your deal till you hear its up) 
 (Planin to make away with 20 million bucks) 
 You bullshitin me right? Is you serious brugh? 
 (Yeah they said you found out the rapper T.I.P wit us 
 I talked to Craig, Jewels and Kais a long time 
 Long story short they said you don lost ya damn mind 
 And I runnun off deep and across ya damn mind 
 You crossed the thin line, I'm hearin 'em tell atlantic 
 It's so much shit about cha, they don't give a shit about cha 
 Say'n you ain't doin' nothing they couldn't have done without cha 
 You ain'y never been hotta, worked a whole lotta years and came up 
 To go way back to the bottom, what...) 
 Man... what the hell is y'all talkin' bout? 
 I been in the house all night 
 I don't know nothing bout that shit man 
 I got the album right here 
 Man send this to em.