I'm a do me 
 I'm a do me 
 You niggas talkin' cane 
 But they pockets clean 
 We spendin money, gettin' money, nothin' in between 
 Chasin a hundred mil, ain't gon let nothin' intervene 
 Respect the hustle busters gon do that by any means 
 Haters I really mean 
 Put this on anything 
 They say I start a lot of shit, I say I finish things 
 Just like some dental cream 
 I go in niggas mouth 
 And like a limousine, I stretch a nigga out 
 This ain't what you want now you better take a different route 
 I ain't Bankhead? bitch nigga what is this about 
 Used to bound when you see me oh we dissin now? 
 Ay stop the music listen dude I come get wit you now 
 But once them hammers sing 
 Just know it's not a dream 
 We handle things just like 
 You hear 'em sayin' that about me, hear I'm sayin' this 
 New orleans niggas in ya face, you wasn't sayin' shit 
 Money you say you get 
 30 mil in six years? listen Forbes put down for 20, that was this year 
 And let's get this clear, just between you and me 
 That apology was BET not for DTP, I'm doin' me 
 You just do you 
 And I'm do me 
 You just do you 
 I'm do me 
 If you ain't 
 Talkin' bout money you ain't talkin' bout shit 
 You wasn't on the waitin list and you ain't ridin' in shit 
 You pick a watch that cost a 100, then you wasted yo time 
 If you think you can do me you out yo mutha fuckin' mind 
 Lets go 
 These niggas insane, yeah straight fooled 
 A half a million dollar car and some house shoes 
 Call the dealership... like y'all tricked me 
 Then why the hell you put my engine where my truck be 
 I'm throwin' franklins... I don't need ones 
 Smoke a pound every week like I don't need lungs 
 Buy 'em whole sale and sellin retail 
 I'm talkin' seafood... yeah fish scales 
 I said I'm so hot... but my house cool 
 So many rooms that it look like a high school 
 Speakin' of high school... I never passed that 
 Works right here... now where da cash at? 
 You just do you (and what) 
 And I'm do me (ay) 
 You just do you (and what) 
 I'm do me (ok) 
 Wanna see how its done 
 Then watch me do me (ay) 
 Wanna see how its done 
 Then watch me do me (yeah) 
 I'm the big homie... get use to me 
 You suckas ain't even close to what I used to be 
 You imaginary rappers swear to GOD that you moved a key 
 While y'all swore to me... I know y'all ain't street 
 I gets MONEY... everyday dawg 
 I leave you stinkin in the trap well that's my grave yard 
 I tried to figure if you mel gibs or nasty nas 
 I wanna know where these rappers got this brave hearts 
 Cause that yak-up tear apart any size heart 
 So you suckas click-clack about playin' wit GOD 
 You rappers need to stick yo thumb out and take a hike 
 I see more man... in a full dike 
 Fuck what you like... this ain't a blind date 
 You tryna read like a blind, you gotta feel yo way 
 Watch me nigga I'm eat till I'm obese 
 I'm mr. cocane now watch me do me