Look at this little nigga man... 
 Hey T.I. is that really you man? 
 Yeah shorty what's happenin'? 
 Hey man can you give me a ride home man? 
 Man it's 2:30 in the motherfuckin' morning what the fuck are you doin' out here? 
 Out here trappin' tryin' to get rid of this bong purp man 
 Man, you can come with me on one condition 
 What's that bro? 
 Let me convince you to put that bong down 
 I knew it T.I. 
 What? 
 You weren't really on that dope boy shit... 
 I'll tell you what shorty get in man I'll show you how to... 
 Tote that tool, make that double 
 Better be cool you don't want no trouble 
 Can we lean it to the left, but gas they car 
 I'm always superclean when you see me on the block 
 Keep my money and a nine, with a rubber band on it 
 Blow that marijuana you know I got it if you want it 
 You see me standin' on the corner, slangin' that crack 
 You know how it is to be the man in the trap 
 I'm the dopeman nigga 
 The dopeman nigga, the dope dope dope dope dopeman nigga 
 I'm the dopeman nigga, the dopeman nigga 
 The dope the dope man the dope man nigga 
 I'm the dopeman nigga 
 The dopeman nigga, the dope dope dope the dope dopeman nigga 
 I'm the dopeman nigga, the dopeman nigga 
 Look 
 Bet all you see is tats money grills and chains 
 But if you scratch the surface you can feel the pain 
 Names changed but the situation still the same 
 The bill need payin' nigga simple and plain 
 Young nigga whos aspiring to get him some change 
 Won't nobody hire him so he get in the game 
 Went and bought a 50 slab divided it up with the team 
 Sold 'em all double-down did it again 
 By then you got enough to buy a quarter ounce 
 You sellin dimes to forty fiends, buy it and bounce 
 Throw some money to your momma, keep some food in the house 
 But cop the outfit and Jordans on the day they came out 
 Better get yourself a pistol, you know them jackers is out 
 Flip another 7 grams oh you hustlin' now 
 Time to get yourself a half, make sure it's some glass 
 A hundred bags, sell it fast, stack o' G's 
 Now you officially... 
 I bet you think you're pretty good at it now huh? 
 Now once you've flipped a couple o's now the game gets gravy 
 Take 1250 go get two and a baby 
 That's 63 grams if you whip that right 
 You should get back 5 or 6 that night 
 Stack that money and repeat that twice 
 Buy you somethin' to ride in, you know it gotta be tight 
 Next time you buy somethin', take twenty-five hundred 
 Get 4 and a half it come back in nine don't it? 
 Now stay low key when the money keep comin' 
 Keep some niggas on your team, show them suckas they don't want it 
 By then your connect will clearly see you on the grind 
 Shit you come and get a nine and he front you what you buyin' 
 As long as you bring back your money on time 
 And if you snort blow you do it on your own time 
 At this rate you'll be at a brick in no time 
 They say they want some weight tell the nigga stand in line 
 Stay with me now shorty, here come the fun part... 
 Now the robbers plottin on ya, and your name stay buzzin 
 You caught a sale case down in Macon with your cousin 
 Your connect ain't worried, you and him cool 
 You know you'll never tell what you and him do 
 A mob of a hundred just a few of them true 
 You heard a worker snitchin' on you, and it's true 
 Everybody know you sell that shit 
 The feds come and get ya and they tell you shit 
 We heard you... 
 Tote that tool, make that double 
 Better be cool you don't want no trouble 
 Can we lean it to the left, but gas they car 
 I'm always superclean when you see me on the block 
 Keep the money in a knot with a rubberband on it 
 Blow that marijuana you know I got it if you want it 
 You see me standin' on the corner, slangin' that crack 
 You know how it is to be the man in the trap 
 (I show you how to be a) 
 Dopeman nigga 
 The dopeman nigga, the dope dope dope dope dopeman nigga 
 I'm the dopeman nigga, the dopeman nigga 
 The dope the dope man the dope man nigga 
 (You say you wanna be a) 
 I'm the dopeman nigga 
 (The feds is the) 
 The dopeman nigga, the dope dope dope dope dopeman nigga 
 I'm the dopeman nigga, the dopeman nigga 
 The dope the dope man the dope man nigga 
 Say goodbye to the dopeman nigga