Country had fronted me 20 keys told me to keep 20 G's 
 And forgot to tell me 25 to eternity. 
 Now picture me, in a GS3 with all my fold 
 Versaci Coat, and armani lobe from slangin coke. 
 This ain't no joke situation nigga I'm I'll with it 
 My occupation clockin 6 figues so deal with it. 
 My mob be cannon, pealin? over teflon protect my belly 
 From 9 mm cannon while talkin' on celly's daily 
 Niggas frontin like they makin' pay 
 This is real pimpin', key comin' straight from the CIA and bill clinton. 
 You kinda thugs ain't got a clue do you? 
 Hey who the man who supply the man who supplying you with a couple grand? 
 Interracial freedom for some luxuries This ain't the bet. 
 Nigga Materialistics can't substitute for your happiness. 
 Lifes about how you feel about you and what you do 
 When you waking up in the morning you seeing who? 
 I think you niggas done bit off more than you can chew 
 Cause you don't even know why you do half that hot ass shit you do. 
 Why I'm trappin? 'Cause it's the only job with fair taxes. 
 Keep a nigga in tight to death in polos and air maxes 
 I'm blastin these niggas daily whenever they try to play me 
 Baby you wanna lay me, but baby you gotta pay me. 
 Nigga you owe me cheese, that's ground for beef 
 I'm rollin' with the P$C with a pound of chief. 
 Hey if this rap shit don't work, I'm stuck slangin drugs, until I make enough money to go and buy me a club. 
 I got 36 ounces that I got to move and 20 keys comin' to me on the 4th of June. 
 Soon as the school year ends, I pick up my keys 
 So crank the V12 to down to females and place 'em with cheese. 
 200 G's for the package, but they 10-5 a piece now. 
 On the streets they goin' for 21-5 at least 
 21-5 times 20 Look that's 4-30 
 But listen closely cause the dope game get more dirty. 
 If I cut 'em into ounces, 28 grams for 800 a piece 
 Hey 36 of them in a key, more cheese for me. 
 Now there's 28 g's and 800 cash just for one key, and I got 19 more stashed. 
 208 g's at 800 times 19 more, come out to 5-4-7 
 Comma 2-0-0 
 That's 547 g's and two hundred 
 47 g's you can ball 200 get blunted 
 The other 500 g's invest it in keys 
 So I can triple my cheese and have a million at ease. 
 That's how it is. This game ain't no life time deal 
 You better get as much cheese as you can and get the fuck outta here.