Okay 
 Aye man 
 I'm sucka free, sucka back until all them suckas get the fuck out my way man 
 You understand? 
 G season! 
 Told you motherfuckers once, prison ain't changed me 
 All it did was made a nigga crazy, deranged see? 
 Psycho, nuts so, what I give a fuck fo? 
 All I know now is to get out and go for the gusto 
 So, fuck niggas, fuck hoes 
 They said, she said, nigga and what, so? 
 Fuck what they say 'bout my cases, fuck what they say 'bout my lady 
 Fuck what they say we were doing on that day of visitation 
 All I care 'bout is my out day and this next year of probation 
 How much dough I'm set to makin', where I'm gon go on vacation 
 Wait, damn ... okay, that's way too far ahead of me 
 So I'm just tryna take it day to day if they would let a G 
 Breathe, cop cars by the 3's 
 Bitches call me Papa John 'cause I keep that extra cheese 
 Overseas in the sun, living for the fun 
 In Milan with some bad bitches, probably wanna yawn 
 When will it dawn on 'em I'm a Don? 
 Ridin' foreign, curtains drawn, getting blown by a blonde 
 I'm the bomb, terrorist, hella rich, wreckin shit 
 Nigga ask about me, homie I suggest you tell 'em this 
 I'm sucka duckin, I'm sucka free 
 You ain't a G? don't fuck with me 
 Them sucka niggas out of style, G season 
 Them sucka niggas out of style, G season 
 Paper plates on my Aston Martin bitch I'm ballin 
 Killin' all my haters, tell your momma pick your coffin 
 Hundred rounds shorty, I just gotta pick a target 
 Put my name on that flyer, watch the party get retarded 
 And I go crazy in that bitch, feel like Baby in that bitch 
 Got your lady on my dick 'cause I got like 80 on my wrist 
 KOD, I make it rain, I know they hate me in that bitch 
 So I be there, just throw in mula like they paid me for that shit, hold up 
 Started in the back, now I'm that nigga in the front 
 Shorty want the real and I'm a give her what she want 
 OG nigga, you can put it in the blunt 
 Fuckin' all the baddest bitches, I'ma hit 'em from the front 
 Just to see their faces on it when a nigga lay it on em 
 Every time she ride a dick I tell her go Jamaican on it 
 Lord have mercy, these bitches thirsty 
 I'm in a Murci, she kissin' on my Hershey, we in this bitch 
 I'm sucka duckin, I'm sucka free 
 That's your main bitch? She fuckin' me 
 I don't fuck with niggas, I'm a fuckin' G 
 This Meek Millie, T I fuckin' P 
 I'm sucka duckin, I'm sucka free 
 You ain't a G? don't fuck with me 
 Them sucka niggas out of style, G season 
 Them sucka niggas out of style, G season 
 My best flow too cold to just bring it out 
 But go to talkin' crazy though, you get yourself singled out 
 Half a million bucks to pack a whole arena out 
 Being a sucka I don't need the first thing about 
 You get the scene about, I'm coming at your face 
 Like a volcano head, lava running out your face 
 Hey, if your ass out of place 
 You done find the weapons they took away, I replaced 
 What can I say? Another year, another case 
 Another sentence completed, I'm confident and conceited 
 I'm sucka free, sucka duckin so tell them suckas to beat it 
 Don't fuck with me, buster trust me your future will be deleted 
 Such a G, ain't no touching me, luckily I defeated the odds 
 But out my to Allah and glory to God 
 And I ain't even Islamic, so sick whenever I vomit 
 Just throw me a mill or two and that ought to settle my stomach 
 Box of money he done it, call me Mr. HeRunIt 
 These niggas ain't really 'bout it, 
 They just be speaking ebonics 
 I'm nothing short of iconic 
 Promise you you don't want it 
 Strong as gin and tonic, my left you won't see it coming 
 My right should be running from it, I catch you with it - you done 
 I'm a keep it 100, you better get you a gun 
 Word bond, real talk 
 Do my dirt all by my lonely cause these suckas will talk