It's the boy Lil' Jon (Yeah!) 
 Got my partner Yelawolf with' me (What's up Yela?) 
 You know it's time to crank the club up 
 Let's go! Yelawolf 
 You ain't gotta lay down on your bed to know you already fucked up 
 Lettin' me in the motherfuckin' game is lettin' me drunk-drivin' your truck 
 When Yelawolf arrived in this club, already had five in my cup 
 I done took another hit, I done ran into a bitch that's lookin' lifeless and stuck 
 Baby, what's wrong with' you now? What, you ain't happy with' red bottoms? 
 Mad 'cause I'm in VIP with' a fuckin' Jack bottle!? 
 With' Tom, Dick, and Harry 
 But I got up in this bitch with' a tank top 'cause I spit so very darn quick and scary 
 That's why they're so quick to compare me 
 But fuck the critics with' a spiked dick when it can fit barely 
 They probably think I'ma Limp Bizkit, their spit's jelly 
 But I put 'em in the woods, I'm a redneck, I'm a hick, tell me 
 Go ahead, what the fuck does it matter to me? 
 'Cause after me, there'll only be wannabes, and mostly ain't-never-gonna-bes 
 Yeah, in this forest, I'm a lonely tree 
 My limbs are covered in tattoos, and my roots, they run deep ah! 
 Two bottles, shawty, two bitches waitin' 
 Two tens, that's a win-win situation 
 Happy birthday, I'm feelin' brand new 
 Drinks on me, for me not you 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, still don't give a fuck 
 I don't know what to say after that first verse, I mean, like, damn, I just killed it 
 What the fuck am I supposed to do with this cow? I done already milked it 
 Smoke another cigarette, unfiltered, let go of anything that I'm feelin' 
 They done broke me down so many times before that I'm no longer rappin', I'm buildin' 
 With' one brick, two brick, three brick, four 
 Underneath the steps of my single-wide door 
 Raised by them dope boys, so I know how them things look 
 Thanks for the recipe, rest in peace, Wayne Bush 
 I don't cook my shit, I don't break it down for you motherfucker out there waitin' around 
 For some rap savior, you better look up at what it is that you facin' now 
 'Cause Jesus drives a Harley, the devil wears Prada 
 If God was one of us, he'd prob'ly drink vodka 
 I still kick it at the party when I get rich 
 'Cause rich or broke, I'm still as dope, the realest ain't as real as this 
 Dead or alive, I'll put a stamp in this bitch 
 You'll never see rock and roll do hip-hop like I did 
 Two bottles, shawty, two bitches waitin' 
 Two tens, that's a win-win situation 
 Happy birthday, I'm feelin' brand new 
 Drinks on me for me, not you 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck 
 Up in the club, still don't give a fuck 
 Yeah, yeah (Y'all know we don't give a fuck) 
 It's Ghett-O-Vision (Yeah) 
 Shady (Yeah) still don't give a fuck (Nah) 
 (Ya boy Lil' Jon, we rep the South) 
 Happy birthday, Alabama 
 Up in the club, don't give a fuck ah 
 (Up in the club, still don't give a fuck) 
 I ain't in the buildin', I own the buildin', bitch!