I'm in at Hot Wheel and I'm driving real fast 
 And I'm smashing on the gas, I'm tryna do the dash 
 Hot Wheel: got 200 on the dash 
 I'm driving real fast, I'm tryna do the dash 
 Push it! 
 Push it! 
 I'm in a hot wheel till I light this here 
 Tap my bitch she switch my gear 
 Diamond shining they all clear 
 PHMG they all here 
 Tattoos they all over me 
 She see me kissin' all on my tip 
 He say I'm a Ricky nigga, I been doing it for years 
 Better take a look at me, better check my booking fee 
 I been cooking shit off in the kitchen but I ain't Lil' B 
 Pull up in a Hot Wheel, bitch need a green card 
 All-red candy paint, nigga this your dream car 
 I'm that muthafuckin nigga all the bitches scheme for 
 When she with me, she be hoping all her girlfriends seen her 
 She suck a dick so good, but why you think she on my team for 
 I got her dancing slow, in slow mo like she on lean or something 
 Smoking on that dro, got that ho drinking semen 
 Hear me coming down the street: 'Rari, screaming 
 Pinky ring doing numbers, shining, blinging 
 Ink all on my body and I'm hotter than a demon 
 Hold on let me rip this ho 
 Car so fast I flipped that ho 
 Tell them boys don't play with Dro 
 Pause that bitch, skip that ho 
 Black coat let my coupe in here 
 Decapitate my roof in here 
 The reason why they ask for Dro 'cause they wanted the truth in here 
 Just like Star, I'm rockin' ya 
 [?] I'm poppin' ya 
 I knew something was fishy going on like tilapia 
 You ain't fuckin' with pimpin' though 
 My wrist blow up like indigo 
 I like a model bitch but I would rather Oprah Winfrey though 
 The richest bitch up in this bitch 
 My paint flop and then flip in this 
 My Glock it got a clip in it 
 My car so wet it's drippin shit 
 They copy me like Kinko do 
 Diamond chain, one pink one blue 
 Car so fast, my speakers on blast 
 Don't [?] me boy, I'm shittin on you 
 Hold up they can't take this shit 
 I spaz out with no brakes and shit 
 I'm Bosco with this cake and shit 
 Congo dro, ape and shit 
 I saw yo broad and took that bitch 
 Wassup with all that liquor shit? 
 You see these horses on my car 
 'Rari bitch I'm pushin it 
 I'm mindin mine, in 599s 
 New Ferraris, know that I'm ballin ho 
 400, 000 in public housing, [?] blunt of dro 
 Through Atlanta station I'm pushin 
 Every corner I'm hookin 
 Bad bitches just lookin' 
 Tryna throw me that pussy 
 Say what happened baby I can't 
 Cause them niggas cool, but they ain't shawty 
 Rich folks and I can't front 
 (?) 
 As a muthafucka, swear to God 
 To the trap niggas and dope boys pause 
 Blow a half a mil just cause, ball 
 Money ain't a thang, not at all 
 Drink the lean and get kool-aid 
 Get high on pills for like two days 
 Fresh to death in that [?] 
 Diamonds clearer than Blu-ray 
 Ay! Ain't no fugaze, I'm too major, I'm super paid 
 Say 30 mil, better double that 
 That money short then we double back 
 Got rubber bands around 30 racks 
 I'm trouble man so where the trouble at? 
 I got a truck load of them hood rats 
 I push through, where your hood at?