Yeah, nah, ok, what? Hey, what? Ay, yep... 
 Hey you know me bitch nigger I'm all of that 
 Hit your bruh with the kush and then call them back 
 National cat - let it big dog attack... 
 Thought it was all for me homie did you fall for that? 
 You turn paper red no cardiac... get your hand out of my pocket... what's with all of that? 
 Tell the sheriff if he can get me fucking chargers back 
 No yell time I gotta thank god for that 
 Regardless, big bang can't throw it up 
 And another nigger flow who's as cold as bruh 
 Quarter mil for the show, really know what's up 
 ... Louie duffle bag... say load it off 
 Give it to the hotel, better know what's up 
 With the niggers out there get the hold it off 
 We never had a problem getting hold to fuck 
 Suck dick lick spit - finna show is up 
 I let this nut get all over her 
 Never thick bitch kissing all over her 
 Once the pussy wide open you can't close it up 
 Nigga bounce that shit, when you bounce that dick 
 She was laid on the ground panties down six chicks 
 With a trag fulla money tryna count that shit 
 Never will find me around me around that bitch 
 With that god damn whip wrapped around that dick 
 Shit other niggers wanna make love fuck that 
 I've been made, I be down like that 
 Sick money like E-40 and them... 
 Fill up every hoe, soughtry him 
 This K.I.E.G. aka. Big bang aka Shawty pimp... 
 Ay, Aka Shawty Pimp, Big Bang aka Shawty Pimp... 
 (Chorus: Rocko & T.I.) 
 I get money, I can't help it, you can't stop it, gotta assert it 
 You can't knock it, you gotta respect it, 
 This is who I am nigger, I can't help it 
 I can't help it 
 In the ghetto with the drop Rolls Royce 
 They say keep one hundred... I ain't got no choice 
 I can't help it, always big bank 
 I'm so trill and you ain't - Cut it down (bitch I can't) 
 I can't help it... (ay) 
 See how I do it I'm so hood, gutta all gone Hollywood 
 Bitch I would if I could, I can't help it (ay) 
 The city won't be shit without you 
 15 million dollar houses still can't get that trap up out me 
 I can't help it... 
 Rocko: 
 I'm a hustle all the way down to the bone 
 Terrorist everyday, mama with their bone 
 Stay on the day from the nights till the morn 
 Ain't gonna say nothin', not under a song 
 Fuck a favorite, don't ask for no loan 
 Stop what'cha doin' if you're tryna get on 
 Cover my spot let me cover my phone 
 Give you a shock, give me your loan 
 Grinding for days I haven't been home 
 Mafucka goin' on, till the soft morn, 
 Get whatever you want 
 Gotta get right, give a fuck if it's wrong 
 Shots of patron, whole lotta goin' 
 Yeah you know what I'm on 
 Your bitch wanna fuck the smellin I'm on 
 Awe motherfucka, I'm jealous of don... 
 Looney loo - I gotta tune 
 Don't need your help, I can holla my own 
 I'm tearing your squad but I'm not from the Bronx 
 One of those things I'm carrying that long 
 You ain't know I don't play the radio homes 
 The Radio play every song that I'm on 
 Cause you ain't know I'm Rocko the don 
 So look at one of them camera let them know that it's on 
 Gucci man hat, gucci man draws 
 Just - so it covers my 
 Gucci man pants, gucci man shirt 
 That's why I keep all that twerk 
 Gucci bandana on top of my shirt 
 ... Why I trap in the dirt 
 She 'round me everywhere I go 
 She go! 
 (Chorus: Rocko & T.I.) 
 I get money, I can't help it, you can't stop it, gotta assert it 
 You can't knock it, you gotta respect it, 
 This is who I am nigger, I can't help it 
 I can't help it 
 In the ghetto with the drop Rolls Royce 
 They say keep one hundred... I ain't got no choice 
 I can't help it, always big bank 
 I'm so trill and you ain't - Cut it down (bitch I can't) 
 I can't help it... (ay) 
 See how I do it I'm so hood, gutta all gone Hollywood 
 Bitch I would if I could, I can't help it (ay) 
 The city won't be shit without you 
 15 million dollar houses still can't get that trap up out me 
 I can't help it...