K. i. n. g 
 Solemn and envy 
 Ridin' in the Bentley 
 They wanna send me, back to the pen 
 Hope they give me a ten P 
 Doin' it for my dog, [?] with so case pending [?] 
 And my folk behind the [?] waterboard city [?], keep it pimpin' 
 Tell them hatin' ass law, bitch I'm ball so come get me 
 See Tip go by, in the whip, no lie 
 Didn't need no wheel cause the shit so fly 
 Up, up and away, so far up at the top I sit 
 My air so thin need oxygen 
 I'm so fucked up, intoxicants 
 My flow still so stupid competent 
 Competition evidently don't know what they up against 
 Obviously oblivious, in the city I'm serious 
 I'm seriously poppin', I will be the reason why it's hot in here 
 Material you droppin' better push that back, that can't come out this year 
 I got this here, can't stop this, got this like I got blocks in here 
 Hit the VIP, all eyes on me like they think Pac in here 
 I'm ignorant, belligerent, a gangsta and a gentleman 
 Pay niggas no concern, ain't no DiGornio, I'm deliverin' 
 Center of attention, my P.O. just threw a wrench in my 
 Plan of execution, I'm demandin' retribution 
 First trip to prison, a lesson, second was just a nuisance 
 Peckerwood beefin' with me, they want my neck in a noose 
 'Cause they see a niggas influence, luxurious and affluent 
 They want the king destroyed, see your majesty ruined 
 Nah, nothin' doin' brah, congratulations you a bus' [?] 
 A really great advantage point, so take your vantage point 
 Watch, with the flip of a coin 
 The one they counted out soon become the nigga to join 
 Don't listen to the gossip or cut, them niggas annoyin' 
 They speak what I know and think it's over for them [?] 
 Bow back, ya boy got fly high 
 With ten chicks, got high in sha la 
 Niggas stay talkin' all that ca ca 
 No mucho deniro, no habla 
 About my dollar, G-5, Murcielaga [?] 
 How automatic my chopper, they want some problems, I got 'em 
 I'll show niggas better than Tell niggas 
 Paint over discussions 'bout Push, I never fail niggas 
 How I'm back Jack, listen, what the hell niggas? 
 This the new God flow, the Holy Grail niggas 
 Can't see me, Book of Eli, it's in Braille niggas 
 I'm on track to be the best, I want Derrelle niggas 
 I bend balls [?] on bitches, I unveil [?] nigga 
 OfficiallyIce, don't at 'em, show and tell nigga 
 Say my brother better? Big deal 
 Big brother, so fuck you, he hammer, can't touch him 
 Ride around AMG mufflers, second fiddle to my own gene pool 
 We laugh about it, that's cool 
 I'm at the top and he better? 
 If you think about it, we rule 
 My life is an open book 
 My stuntin' is an open look 
 These gold chains, these stone rings 
 This cocaine that I overcooked 
 I overcame on Novacane, I Frank Ocean'd that fish scale 
 I tip scales, I tip hoes, I skip jail on my tip toes 
 I beat the odds, bet Tip knows, my top back and my wrist froze 
 And these ice cubes on my ear lobes 
 Like strobe lights on a fish bowl 
 Supreme ballers, dope dealers, shot callers 
 Good Music, Grand Hustle, what the block taught us