(Talkin') 
 Paul Wall turn the bling in ya teeth down 
 Will you please turn the bling down in ya mouth 
 Nigga I left my shades in the car man could you please turn the bling down in ya mouth 
 These niggas KILLIN' ME swerin that dey trill as me 
 You gona see me in tha streets some drama what it's finna be 
 Talk all that shit you wanna talk imma let tha burna talk 
 We tha ones you heard about we show you what dat murda bout 
 (Paul Wall) 
 You can catch me squeezin GLOCKS pullin triggas and evadin tha cops you don't wanna see me squarading the blocks so I suggest you that you vacade this spot these boys be swearin they hard but you don't want it with the clique I claim you talkin' loud but you ain't sayin' a thang man speak into the mic man CLICK CLACK BANG BANG BANG 
 You need to be wearin panties 'cause you packin pussy, 
 You better not push me, when Macboney unload the result is 
 You're gonna be bloody, scabbed up and pussing. 
 Your talk is cheap I let my actions speak louder than your 
 Words, first I bite, then I bark, keep your cool before I 
 Calm your nerves. 
 What you know about the place I'm from? (nuttin) 
 You dunno about the hood I rep. (nope) 
 You don't want me to unload the clip (no), sink your ship, rearrange your lips. Watch your steps be careful 'cause you 
 Stompin heavy on dangerous grounds, I got wind wit a full 
 Twelve rounds keep talkin' down and you'll get stomped down. 
 I don't play the radio and disrespect and attempt to 
 Rearrange your thoughts, the end result is your brains in a box so I suggest that you change your thoughts. 
 These niggas KILLIN' ME swerin that dey trill as me 
 You gona see me in tha streets some drama what it's finna be 
 Talk all that shit you wanna talk imma let tha burna talk 
 We tha ones you heard about we show you what dat murda bout 
 (Macboney) 
 I'm hotter than lava straight up from the city 
 Wit somebody's baby mamma, how dey gonna kill me 
 When I'm ready for da drama? I ain't got nothin' to lose 
 Imma blast all partners den dey ass gon wonder den mash round the corner tryna crash my show, put a tag on ya toe. 
 Y'all ain't killas, y'all just assholes with another hoe 
 Nigga talkin' trash like a hoe, this fag gotta go. 
 Let my trap niggas run up, knock him to da floor 
 Let me punch him with tha ring, get the gators in his throat 
 Should I let him live? If I gotta ask, hell no. 
 Hangin' hard up his squad that's for dem to consume. 
 I don't take no stuff, unless it's yo girl wit her legs 
 Straight up when I bust verse you were [unknown..] spittin' 
 Booze out yo car, you a fool by the luck, 'cause you finish 
 What you started and you loose, time-up, put yo brains on 
 Dust 'cause you layin on the dust, thought you were bad but 
 That rife hangin' up come fight like a man but yo ass ain't 
 Tough, just a big fat chump. Nigga show 'em the part where 
 Dey be walkin' on wheels, come past for me, I'm waitin for 
 Ya any day nigga, when ya comin'? Fuckin' with TIP, ask him 
 How we done it, that was back in the day. 
 Now we got more banana clips ready for the dumpin, respectin the streets so nobody sayin' nothin', AKs so cunnin, 
 Never see me comin', just a bunch of people runnin'. Y'all 
 Niggas don't want it! 
 These niggas KILLIN' ME swerin that dey trill as me 
 You gona see me in tha streets some drama what it's finna be 
 Talk all that shit you wanna talk imma let tha burna talk 
 We tha ones you heard about we show you what dat murda bout