("Sting of The Serpent" Sample) 
 And the prophecy read 
 That one day like the Phoenix aroused from the ashes 
 That a boy would be born unto a family in the slums 
 This boy would go on to use the knowledge he gained 
 While fighting for survival in the streets 
 To become a great leader 
 And in time that boy would grow to become King. 
 Time to ride nigga. 
 Just Blaze. 
 I welcome you to get acquainted with the youngest in charge 
 Respected from East to West like he was runnin' the mob 
 Dictatin' ain't takin' orders from no one but God 
 I know you niggas is broke 'cause I know what you charge. 
 You niggas wishin' for a Phantom, it's one in my garage 
 It's black as Bulgari, right next to the platinum Ferrari 
 You niggas ain't gettin' money off of rappin' I'm sorry 
 Fucked the rent up, went and spent 60 large on a Harley. 
 It's where you stay 10,012 feet, not hardly 
 Now you see that we ain't able to compete. Now are we? 
 Hey pardon me, I'm givin' you the West Side Story 
 Of the A, where I stay, niggas stay down for me. 
 Wanna play? Have you gay niggas lay down for me 
 And get an order for killers to spray rounds for me 
 Competition, you ain't considered your rappin' you bore me 
 You reppin' the A horribly, must I say more importantly. 
 The King back "Hey hey hey hey hey" 
 Nigga, the King back "Yeah yeah a-yeah yeah" 
 You better lean back "Hey hey hey, wise up" 
 Nigga, the King back "All right, hey tell these niggas what?" 
 The King back "Yeah yeah yeah hey" 
 Nigga, the King back "Hey hey hey oh!" 
 Shawty, you seen that? "What happened, my nigga?" 
 Nigga, the King back "All right, let's tell these niggas, hey!" 
 Hey man, y'all niggas got me way too fucked-up. You understand that? 
 What you need to do is, homeboy, you need to go back and grab "I'm Serious" you know 
 You need to get familiar with "Dope Boys" & see where all these niggas got their styles right now 
 See where that trap shit came from 
 Then you need to graduate to muthafuckin' "In Da Streets" Volume 1 through 3 
 Then you need to go to "Trap Muzik" I got locked up for a second 
 Then grab "Urban Legend" & now to bring you up to speed... 
 Who knew you could fit on your wrist a whole pound of diamonds? 
 I'm number 1 on the list while you clowns are climbin' 
 Wishin' to be in positions that you found that I'm in 
 Since you niggas do what I say, I'm world-renowned than Simon. 
 If Jay handle a clay and around the time 
 I deliver a bad day when .45's is firin' 
 I care the least 'bout polices and the firemen's sirens 
 Ambulances ain't gon' stand a chance in revivin'. 
 DOA, the man you beat deceased upon 'em arrivin' 
 Paramedics yell "Clear!" & your flatline's silent 
 Y' ain't ready for out here 'cause the lifestyle violent 
 You think you is, you must be livin' on Fantasy Island. 
 You make us mad, get your ass wiped out like Thailand 
 Hit up my phone, I got one up and drank the 3 while you followin' 
 To say you want it with me is to go to war with the finest 
 Need you be reminded. Want it with Your Highness? 
 The King back "Hey hey hey hey hey" 
 Nigga, the King back "Yeah yeah a-yeah yeah" 
 You better lean back "Hey hey hey, wise up" 
 Nigga, the King back "All right, hey tell these niggas what?" 
 The King back "Yeah yeah yeah hey" 
 Nigga, the King back "Hey hey hey oh!" 
 Shawty, you seen that? "What happened, my nigga?" 
 Nigga, the King back "All right, let's tell these niggas, hey!" 
 Hey man, look, I know y'all niggas in the trap everyday still, man 
 I know y'all niggas don't see nothin' but the projects, nothin' but bricks 
 But listen, make no muthafuckin' mistake, man, I still will suit up my muthafuckin' self 
 AK and 45, nigga, on side, nigga 
 And come see 'bout niggas. You understand? 
 But I don't wanna do that 'cause I respect that shit y'all doin'. 
 I started that shit, I made that shit cool, I made these niggas want to be you, nigga 
 Nigga, respect this shit.