Chorus (T.I.)] 
 [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town 
 Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you 
 (Was you thinkin' of me, ay, ay...) 
 [Trina] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down 
 (Whachu would do?) 
 Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you 
 Bet they be like "I know he tired of the nightlife 
 He want a wife, he just lookin' for the right type" 
 Yeah right, I be ridin' through the city lights 
 My hat bent, gettin' high behind the 'lac tint 
 I'm chilllin' with Brazilian women, heavy accents 
 They black friends translatin', got'em all ass naked, adjacent 
 Have relations wit'em many places 
 Leavin' semen in they Pretty faces 
 Make'em kiss they partners with it in they faces 
 Young pimpin' sprung women 'cross the 50 states 
 Got young ladies requestin' "What's Yo Name" on 50 stations 
 Askin' me what's a pussy popper, want a demonstration 
 But I ain't waitin' till the second date, I'm so impatient 
 Relieve'em of they aggravation, take'em rollerskatin' 
 On them Dayton's, tell'em "Baby, stick with me, you goin' places" 
 Go replace'em, draw erase'em out my memory 
 Moist panties and wet sheets when they think of me 
 (Chorus (T.I.)) 
 [Trina] Hey, let's get away and a room on the other side of town 
 Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you 
 (Was you feenin' for me? Ay, sing it for me, pimpin') 
 [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down 
 (Tell'em shawty) 
 Yeah baby, I was feenin' for you 
 Yo, yo... uh... 
 From Miami to Cali, from Vegas to Jersey 
 Got'em in Houston, Virginia, New Orleans, ya heard me? 
 All the classy ones like to act like they a virgin 
 And the nasty ones like when I talk to'em dirty 
 But I'm breakin' the ice, got'em laughin' and flirtin' 
 They be, removin' they skirts when they hop in the 'burban 
 Once the flick start playin' and the "E" start kickin' in 
 Her girlfriend lickin' and she beggin' me to stick it in 
 That's why, I like chillin' with women who like women 
 Lightskinned... Asians, Jamaicans and white women 
 Indians, Italians, Haitians and Puerto Ricans 
 They be itchin' for they chance and waitin' in me to freak'em 
 They say... 
 (Chorus (T.I.)) 
 [Girl] Hey, let's get away and a room on the other side of town 
 Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you 
 (Was you feenin' for me? Ay, tell'em for me, pimpin') 
 [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down 
 (Ay, listen to me) 
 Yeah baby, I was feenin' for you 
 (Was you feenin' for me?) 
 Excuse me shawty, but I been watchin' you now for a while 
 Yo whole style, from yo toes to the way that you smile 
 And I hope you ain't offended by the way that this sounds 
 But uh... all I keep thinkin' bout is layin' you down 
 And I'm, keepin' it pimpin', I ain't playin' around 
 Ain't got that kinda time 'cause this the only day I'm in town 
 So come and, chill in the cut if you willin' to cut 
 And when you, give me a hug I be feelin' yo butt 
 Now so while for while we talkin', I'm fillin' yo cup 
 We killin' the bottle, wake up in dirty linen tomorrow 
 But tell me would it trouble you if we ended up at the W- 
 Sippin' on a malibu pine apple juice and a blunt or two 
 Now whachu wanna do? Opportunity's right in front of you 
 Know you used to meetin' dudes, dodgin'em for a month or two 
 But young pimpin' spit linen to the young women 
 I'm T.I.P., known as pussy popper to some women 
 (Chorus (T.I.)) 
 [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town 
 Hey shawty, I was feenin' for you 
 (Was you feenin' for me... ay, ay...) 
 [Trina] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down 
 Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you 
 (Oh yeah... c'mon, tell'em) 
 [Trina] Hey, let's get away and get a room on the other side of town 
 Hey daddy, I was feenin' for you 
 (Shit I'm on my way) 
 [Jazze Pha] Hey, let's get room, shawty we can freak somethin' if you down 
 Yeah baby, I was feenin' for you 
 (Jazze Pha talking) 
 Whoa whoa whoa... 
 Ladies and gentlemen 
 This... is a Jazze Phizzle, T.I. collaborangelle... 
 King of the south! Oh boy! 
 Jazze Phizzle, T.I., Grand Hustle daddy! 
 So smooth daddy... futuristic... 
 Pimps up daddy!