(Daz) 
 I know it's your life nigga... you do as you please (That's right) 
 But you know we be fucking up 
 Huh, Huh... Yeah Aye, Aye, Aye... Yeah, Yeah, Yeah (What) 
 Aye, Aye, Aye... Yeah, Yeah, Yeah 
 That nigga Daz and T.I is in the motherfuckin house... You know what I mean 
 It's your life nigga... live or die... Wooooh! 
 Can't ya see I'm on fire, so quit hating on me pimpin', I'm just living my life 
 Think I ain't gone ride, on all you pussy niggas tryin' to put an end to my life 
 You can't do it, don't try... I know you sucker niggas wish that you was living my life 
 In white linen, I'm fly... top down in the spiderville, riding for the rest of my life 
 (T.I) 
 A-town veteran, started at eleven 
 When and bought an eight-ball, I was staying down every since 
 That's why its hard to find a young rap nigga better than 
 Bankhead resident, Westside represent, Pimp Squad mobster 
 Grand Hustle president, heart of a lion and the nuts of an elephant 
 Trap musik heaven sent, you hating and it's evident 
 You trying to stack presidents, I'm tryin' to set precedents 
 The comparison is insulting my intelligene 
 Cause real recognize real, and real you ain't never been 
 And never will, I catch ya where you chill, holla at ya where you live nigga, fuck a record deal (what's happenin') 
 I graduated out the yay, to stack a couple mill 
 Who would figure it would be a rap nigga I have to kill 
 My potnaz telling me shawty you have to chill (fuck that shit) but Ima end Up hating with steel, what is is, still dope boy trap niggas 
 Worldwide lovin' it, haters see the spider and they wanna put a slug in it 
 Fuck it, I'm a G, I been a rider, I ain't studding it 
 Better get ya mind of mind, and start hustling 
 (Chorus:with ad libs) 
 (Daz) 
 I should BG banging the stripes, ideas when I strike 
 Breaking my victims, lining them niggas all with the light 
 Get it right, hold it tight, blast with all your might 
 See we hustle for them grands till the early light 
 Follw my plan on command, leave'em dead where they stand 
 Ain't no stopping the man nigga with grands in my hands 
 Living the fast lane, grand hustle the gram when the cash came 
 (Grand hustle nigga) 
 The police book me, take my fingerprint and last name 
 If I'm stuck in a cell, how would I maintain 
 Lock up all these niggas, the penitentiary mind frame 
 I strive for perfection, my method is quite collective 
 Check out the fuckin' way I just rep it 
 This dog pound gangsta in the back take a licking 
 Rims shining, fresh paint, T.I. counting paper 
 Big moves stay on deck with the tools 
 All y'all niggas and bitches and niggas get sprayed with the tools... Brah 
 (Chorus: with ad libs) 
 (Daz) 
 This how we hustle for the paper, cause the hustle get harder 
 I'm dog pounded out, an Atlanta Brave starter 
 Money, weed, and bitches, 24 inches conversating 
 T.I. plotted on getting these niggas, now for my niggas 
 Murdering, killing, wheeling the spider, on a mission 
 All my niggas y'all know how the fuck we kick it 
 I'ma keep my eye on a meal to ya, hustle it up motherfucker better kick it 
 (T.I) 
 All eyes on me, with my westside homie 
 In a drop 65, on D's, wanna ride on me 
 I got a forty-five, on me 
 In a hurry to die homie, get live on me 
 You charged with tryin' to OG 
 And I'm creepin' through the crowd, low key, nigga 
 You don't know me 
 I learned from niggas before me 
 I got insomnia shawty, I don't sleep, I bomb, I don't creep 
 (Chorus: with ad libs) 
 (Talking: T.I & Daz) 
 Y'all niggas know how we do this shit 
 T.I, that nigga Daz... youknowhatimean 
 This my life, your life, our life, his life.live it to the fullest 
 One time for Pac, we miss you nigga... Yeah, Yeah, Yeah 
 One time for Shorty B, keepin' it pimpin'(Aye) 
 PSC, Grand Hustle, pimp (yeah) 
 Fuck nigga, let this be a lesson to ya... Yeah, Yeah, Yeah 
 Y'all niggas better start training man 
 You better be a damn good ducker nigga, 
 When I goddamn let loose with this chopper, you understand that 
 I ain't playin' with y'all niggas, Once the motherfuckin judge 
 Slam that goddamn gaffel nigga and let a motherfuckin case beat nigga 
 I'm at y'all ass nigga... Mark my motherfuckin words, Fuck boys 
 I'm laying low for a reason pimp... Ha... Fuck niggas