(Intro - T.I.) 
 Is that T.I. over there? is that him? 
 Is that you? Rubber Band Man 
 Boy... is that T.I.? Whoooo... 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey 
 Remix Playa, yeah, y'all already know what it is man 
 T.I.P, came from the south, Rubber Band man boy... 
 Connected with my folk from the West Mack 
 My folk from the Chi' Twista 
 And T Double D, from the bottom 
 (Hook - T.I.) 
 Rubber Band man, wild as the Taliban 
 Nine in my right, forty-five in my other hand 
 I'm in trouble man, always in trouble man 
 Worth a couple hundred grand 
 Chevy's all colors man, who I'm isss...? 
 (Verse One - T.I.) 
 I'm young pimpin', way out of ya vision 
 Don't set your sights on my position, I'm way out ya division 
 I was grindin' while you was tryin' to figure out your division 
 I'm sittin' on the block and watchin' hustlas makin' and killin' 
 Until I, jumped in the game without my uncle's permission 
 Makin', solvin' my family's wishes through whatever conditions 
 I'm workin' trappin' servin' kitchens with intentions to get in 
 My mittens under cover millions workin' off of commission 
 Everyday I'm on a mission with heavy haters so listen 
 Divide it, flip it, weigh and ship it, till you cook it and sniff it 
 When I talk, G's listen they can see I been livin' the same, life that I'm spittin' 
 I ain't frontin' and trippin' 
 I came, out of the trap I ain't come here to visit 
 I named the album Trap Muzik 'cause I'm being specific 
 To my niggaz still investin' in caine 
 I'm wearin' rubber bands just out of respect for the game 
 [Verse Two - Mack 10] (T.I.) 
 (Who I'm isss...) Mack the dope mayn 
 Who bang is the game and we 'bout heroine you jam in your fame 
 It's simple and plain my cocaine off the chain 
 My ballin' fatsbreak, you got that half-court game 
 Y'all just talkin' and ramblin' ain't really grindin' and gamblin' 
 But in my hood, the kids is all black like gramlin 
 Stay scramblin', hustle hard on the boulevard 
 Rob ya, leave ya scarred, and pull ya whole card 
 I got that wizerk, dawg I got them birdies that don't chizerp 
 Bought an X pill filthy green and the purple sizzurp 
 And no matter where I'm at, is west coast or up front 
 I'm low key I can't stunt and move a hundred bricks a month 
 In the east they like my swagger, them broads be up on me 
 In the south they love me, 'cause I'm down and dirty homie 
 And if you get it how you live as a gangsta then stand up 
 Mack10 a 'D boy', so my cash is rubberbanned up 
 [Verse Three - Trick Daddy] (T.I.) 
 (Who I'm isss...) I represent for the Tre-o-five 
 Down with the rubberband man, y'all call him young T.I. 
 See I been an O.G., far from O.D.'n and this is 
 T double D don't even call me Maurice, now listen 
 My description is tall, dark, skinny, and ill-mannered 
 A hood negro with a little bit of Spanish be like 
 Say yo papi, I got, yayo papi if your price is right come on down and y'all copy 
 Watch me, I'm gettin' money like it's 1984 
 Got so much cash Bill Gates could kiss my ass (yeah) 
 I'm such a player they call me Juan Pierre 
 Been ballin' since my younger years like ya boy Cabrera 
 I ain't no sentimental nigga, I'm sittin' on spinners nigga 
 And when I'm, draggin' my denim don't you bustas try to get 'em mmm... 
 I'm from the parts where the stars like them (??) 
 Stars quality sound beatin' down each and every car 
 [Verse Four - Twista] (T.I.) 
 (Who I'm isss...) I'm a windy city man, the one that take sip and run it to the brain 
 Love to get it crunk in the south where my cousins from, and shawty shake that thang 
 Take the hipno' to the dome, smokin' when I'm rollin', wood on chrome 
 Thump if it ain't Kamikaze or Trap Muzik then I don't put it on 
 When I'm on the court call my pacman, yell out that I got that dro', watchin for that po' 
 You can get that Jag for a hundred but I'm givin' out the ounces for fo', let a nigga know' 
 Call me the rain man from the place where they gang bang 
 Where them thangs bang, and the brains hang, where we gotta main-tain 
 Can I cutt and hit it girl, come on let me get it get it girl 
 I love the girls from New Orleans, to ATL, to St. Louis, and the "the Windy City" girls 
 Blow fire man, when that hoe slide down the pole like a fireman 
 Smoke dro so fire we could throw it at the wall it stick like spiderman 
 'Cause you messin with the 'icky, hit the tip up in the alley for the fifty 
 Steady ballin in the club sippin moet and crissy, come on y'all kick it with me 
 Why, cause it ain't no thang man, Twista gone chop that change man 
 'Cause I'm number one on Billboard with a bullet but I ain't gone change man 
 (Hook - Twista) 
 I'm the Slow Jam man, rollin' wit' the rubber band man 
 Got some niggas in my right 
 With a Three Fifty-seven off in my other hand 
 (Who I'm isss..) I'm in trouble man, always in trouble man 
 Worth a couple hundred grand 
 Chevy's all colors man, who I'm isss..?