(Lil Jon) 
 Check this out my nigga (what's up) theirs a lot of niggas out here 
 That got a lot of shit to motherfuckin say (yeah) 
 But when a nigga bring it to them niggas (what's up) 
 They can't stand up for what they motherfuckin said 
 (Naw I ain't say that, he said that) Stand Up 
 If you got something to say my nigga, stand up for what you said... my nigga 
 Tell them niggas bring it to the square nigga 
 Stand up... If you don't like what I'm saying then buck 
 Swang when you see me, we can throw them hands sucker 
 Stand up... If you ain't notice nigga, I don't give a fuck 
 If I said it, then I meant it, and what fuck nigga 
 Stand up... You don't wanna see the triggerman man buss 
 Hit you and your man's up, make it hard for a nigga to... stand up 
 Tell your crew they don't want it with us dudes 
 And if the motherfucka do, bust a motherfuckin move... stand up 
 (T.I) 
 You got a alligator mouth and a hummingbird ass 
 Your mouth writin' checks that ya ass can't cash 
 One forty-five and I'm outta ya weight class 
 Wanna survive... better scramble like eggs and break fast 
 'Cause I know how to handle ya fake ass 
 I'm ride on ya, and hide ya in yesterday's trash 
 Pull up in the chevy spraying rounds through the glass 
 See you laying face down in the grass and I laugh 
 Ha... that's the end of the soga 
 The end of my problems, nigga mash the impala 
 Go lay up with a model and watch the news tomorrow 
 And that's the end, checkmate, game over, I'll holla 
 Now I'm telling ya potna, you don't know whatcha doing 
 Don't recognize the trouble ya getting into, and ya ruined 
 Dig this man... I spent my childhod in a wild hood 
 And all that gangsta shit ya talking, yeah it sound good 
 But make it understood, you gonna have to show me 
 I'm a OG, you wanna overthrow me 
 (Trick Daddy) 
 Dearly beloved, we gathered here today to marry this young nigga 
 In his own special thug way 
 Do you promise to love and respect, all of the real niggas 
 And when the problem come, learn to deal with'em 
 Do you swear to turn the chopper on any motherfucker in ya path 
 Or any bitch, that's tryin' to stop ya 
 And do you promise to keep'em handy, and don't hand'em 
 To nobody, nobody except family and keep'em cocked and loaded 
 And don't expose'em to nobody unless somebody want'em in his body 
 To love and cherish'em from his trigger to his barrel 
 From the bottom of ya heart, to death do you fuckin' part 
 Do you understand to live the life by him, is to sell ya soul 
 And Lord knows you gonna die by him 
 I know you heard gun stories about John Wayne and Billy the Kid 
 Sheed... all them motherfuckers dead 
 And did you know that every other bitch from the wild wild west 
 End up dying from hollow points to they fuckin' chest 
 'Cause they ain't never seen or cocked beamed a milli fourteen 
 Or tommy gun, with a hundred round fucking gun 
 (Lil Wayne) 
 Sheed... I'm talking about riding out tonight 
 Only way I die first, gotta kill me in this verse 
 Weezy F, middle finger to life 
 So nothing seem critical, in the hood I'm typical 
 Yeah I'm feeling good and spiritual 
 Healing hoods with shit up outta my kitchen 
 I'm pitching it, it's really good 
 Smoking, drinking I'm like a fish and I'll probably 
 Shit on ya bitch, probably piss on her lips 
 And she'll probably give you a kiss, nasty 
 Holly grove classic, parley with a nigga, prolly rob the same bastard 
 Ask him, we don't give a fuck about a casket 
 Nigga this the murder cappy, niggas just murder happy 
 Twelve years old, I jumped off the pot 
 I started selling rocks, right after I got shot 
 I had to hold my weight down 
 Pussy nigga stand up or lay down