Feds takin' pictures on me 
 Nigga's still snitchin' on me 
 900 for the sip 
 Whatchu think I'm smokin' homie? 
 Oh whatchu think I'm jokin' homie? 
 Blue rims, yeah da coupes crip walk 
 Certified platinum think id rather make hits? 
 Between me and you yeah I'd rather flip bricks 
 So tell me what's wrong wit' glass pots and a scale 
 Holes fo dem bitches like da double XL 
 Homie we ball till we fall 
 Magic City we da law 
 Tryna stay out of reach of the long arms of the law 
 I'm calm like snowfall through preliminary hearings 
 They indictin' niggas fa boots and some for raqatering 
 Prolly got me on the camera while I'm copin' out the car lot 
 I'm comin' out the banks, big cribs with the card box 
 Its Willie 
 My futures bright like a highlighter 
 They takin' pictures 'cause I'm fly like a skydiver 
 (Feds takin' pictures on me) 
 You ain't seen money 
 Until you seen me 
 220 for Bentley G.T.C. 
 And the money ain't a thing like J dupri 
 When you ballin' round the country like the major league 
 So peace up, A town down 
 Tear ya streets up with them A-K rounds 
 Now wutchu know about that? 
 I know all about that 
 3 birds, 3 nights can make a 100 thousands stacks 
 And man they got it on camera 
 The Feds been watchin' since the boy touched Atlanta 
 I'm da biggest mobster to eva' hit da pop charts 
 I'm a easy target they know a nigga rock hard 
 Get a clean check cut slip it in my account 
 Write ? china white a lil' ? will wipe 'em out 
 I ain't wit' the rappin' boy, I'm puttin' in the work 
 In these niggas wit the rapid legs ? in the shirts 
 Get some information for you informants I got the yay 
 AND I'm sellin' them cheaper than yesterday so whatchu say? 
 (Feds takin' pictures on me) 
 Whether you know me as T.I. or you can call me T.I.P. 
 I know da F.B.B. and FBI dey talk about the G.I. ? 
 And you know when I b high when I'm n da V.I.P 
 I'm sho dey see me as I fly through da city 'n' that brand new G.I.V 
 Young, rich, and famous wit a pistol you can call me Cheeali 
 But I'm da greatest 'n' Atlanta dey be callin' me Ali 
 (Feds takin' pictures on me)