This some of that Ghet-O-Vision shit man 
 Fuck these niggas, what! What! What! 
 (C'mon, c'mon, c'mon) yeah 
 (C'mon, c'mon, c'mon) yeah, 
 Serious may (yeah) 
 This shit gets serious man (I'm telling ya shawty) 
 Serious man (ah ah, ya ya yeah) 
 This shit gets serious man (ah ah, ya ya yeah) 
 Serious man (ah c'mon, ah ya ya yeah) 
 This shit gets serious man (all right, let's do it shawty tell 'em) 
 Attention! Let's get serious man! 
 Attention! Let's get serious man! 
 Attention! Let's get serious man! 
 Attention! What what! 
 (T.i.) 
 I'm goin' in with funny niggas in the A 
 The killers with the case, and now the niggas with the yeah' 
 All my niggas, where ya stay? 
 Westside to Decatur, ah hey-ya, fuck ya wooden eight 
 I lay you down if I got a thirty-shot in my Impala 
 I'm a 3rd bred Bankhead, Roll Park scholar 
 From a house with no father, school - why bother? 
 That's why I call myself the King of the South 
 Well nigga, ah you don't want what I'm break out the house 
 Ah so I, strongly suggest you keep my name out ya mouth 
 Before I, be in ya house tapping ya spouse to the couch 
 And put a, hole in her blouse, I don't play young nigga 
 Remember me from back in the day young nigga 
 One more thing, fuck what you done heard 'bout Atlanta 
 We finna break the standards, rubber bands instead of platinum 
 I'm a hustler, not a rapper 
 We gangstas, y'all some actors 
 We finna turn this chapter, your spot is what I'm after 
 I'm serious! 
 (J-Bo) 
 See I got the answers to all ya quest-ions (come on) 
 From A-B to C, best learn your less-ons (-ons...) 
 'Cause I'm so damn serious, it'll leave yo' ass stunned 
 In the back and we packin on all who flex-un 
 Like Redrum, it's bloody and ugly, who want some? 
 Now put your middle fingers up until it's all done (it's all done) 
 'Cause we ain't takin' much of nothin' but bash-un 
 On all who attempt, intentions we blast-un 
 (Sean Paul) 
 I gut 'em, I roll 'em, I smoke 'em, and I pass 'em 
 I serve 'em, deliver, walk up on 'em and blast 'em 
 I'm strong but my niggas, I'm taking they cash home 
 Then hit the track and get rid of the whole bomb 
 'Cause I'm serious nigga, you gon' feel this nigga 
 Got a, trunk full of work, how you goin' kill this nigga? 
 My niggas giving out bricks, we can build this nigga 
 If all fail we can 1-0-5 grill this nigga 
 I'm dead serious 
 (Pastor Troy) 
 S-E-R-I-O (uh-huh) U-S (uh-huh) I'm fresh (c'mon) 
 One of the best (uh-huh) there are a couple (c'mon) 
 We did this song last night, I gave 'em trouble (uh-huh) 
 Jumped in my shuttle (uh-huh) and hauled ass (c'mon) 
 Up 85 (yeah) with Daytons (c'mon) 
 You wanna blast (c'mon) come get yo' cannon (c'mon) 
 I bet I'll leave yo' punk-ass, where ya standing (uh-huh) 
 While you were planning (c'mon) see I had plotting (uh-huh) 
 You saw the smoke hoe, hell yeah I shot it (damn right) 
 I'm busting rockets screaming, "Die nigga, die!" (die nigga) 
 Don't fuck with D.S.G.B. or T.I. (c'mon) 
 Do you know why, I don't fuck with nobody? (yeah) 
 The same shit, that fucked up John Gotti (yeah) 
 These niggas watch me, but they don't wanna fuck with us (yeah) 
 We making 'em hush, we dead-ass serious! 
 (Talking) 
 Yeah! 
 It's motherfucking serious in this motherfucker, know what I'm talkin' about 
 I'ma tell y'all niggas like this here (what's up what's up) 
 If it's too hot for yo' ass (uh-huh) 
 Get the fuck out the motherfucking kitchen, 
 Knamtalkinbout (getcha ass out) 
 The boy Lil' Jon, doin' this shit with my nigga T.I.! 
 Ghet-O-Vision, Youngbloodz (Ghet-O-Vison hoe!) 
 That boy Pastor Troy (old Troy) 
 It's serious man (serious) 
 This shit motherfucking serious (it serious bitch) 
 In the south niggas, they get motherfucking serious (real serious) 
 We out this bitch, holla