You gonna do somethin' to 
 Who (who), What (what), When (when). 
 Never that, 
 If they got a problem, 
 Tell 'em call me we can settle that. 
 Matter of fact, 
 You ain't gotta them em, 
 I'll tell 'em that (I'll tell em). 
 And if these niggas sigh we gon slide down where they mother at. 
 Ak-47 with the double strap, 
 How your shit stay at the funeral, 
 Bring my rubber back. 
 Chicks are fuckin' with the wrong one 
 Yeah I gotta show, 
 Tell 'em but I got a long gun 
 Call the mac the chicken wing cause it got it's own drum 
 I know these niggas sick of me 
 'Cause I done had a long run 
 Countin' all this money, 
 Fuckin' all these hoes. 
 They was lookin' at me funny 
 When I pulled up in that rose 
 Y'all good for talkim' on Twitter (twitter) 
 We good for sparkin' on niggas (sparkin') 
 Broad day, 
 Walk up on a niggas head and homicide 
 You gonna put the chopper on a nigga 
 Hey, you gon do somethin' to 
 Who, what, when. 
 You say you want it with 
 Who, what, when. 
 Them shots come in with 
 Who, what, when. 
 You were sayin' that to 
 Who, what, then, fuck nigga 
 You'd better get that fuck shit off your mind. 
 'Cause I'm a up that strap, 
 You crossed the line. 
 Cut these apples out you niggas startin spreadin the new. 
 When I choose shit on a corpse, 
 Hide head with the two 
 Where you can find me, 
 You can find me, 
 At the top of the list. 
 And if they ever let me in I ain't stoppin' for shit. 
 See that motivation make you say I'm cocky as shit. 
 Watever, fuck it tell 'em suck and help part of my dick. 
 Now a day, play, I coulda possibly get em, get paid. 
 Get out the Maybach and go hop in the jet 
 Know they hatin' on the rise and the chilled I spin. 
 In the Phantom, I'm lookin' fly in whatever I'm in 
 Mostly you big niggas soft like the Michelin man. 
 When you see other niggas standin with a pencil in hand 
 Carry me on stage rappin' with my dick in my hand. 
 Tryna distiguish the difference between a bitch and a fan 
 Outa bed, rolled one homie, never again, 
 'Cause I sold dough once now I sell it again 
 Fur weed 500, I sell it again 
 Tell the mice mane win let the elfs keep sayin' 
 Hide head with the two 
 I'm ballin half around, half a jet, nigga pound for pound 
 Only time we showin up, the shut this motha fucker down 
 Ridin' round in the Kia, no spare tires 
 Chopper round shots fired, 
 Nigga flatlines zip came to it and keep the powder savoral. 
 Drive bys on dirt bike with Meek Milli O. 
 Crow rock shells, 
 I bleach 'em and watch 'em fade away. 
 And leave a nigga block, 
 Wetter than a rainy day 
 West beat Beavis when you scared to leave the crib. 
 Guzzi and he inspired for some of the dolla mill. 
 I'm worth mills and I beat a niggas ass still 
 Y'all niggas get wasted I ain't talkin' spilled bills. 
 School a hunt knox I'm a hate a cheetah. 
 One ya a dick sucka get your head up with the nina 
 And YM still strapped snookin with the cleava. 
 Ya best bet: to run the other way when I see ya