(Intro: (sean paul)) 
 All you need to know is the vibe round' here we built and instill it 
 Sean Paul alongside 
 Fabolous... You done know we buss'... 
 Telling them again, ay!... 
 Girl run away tha guy that wants to "vibe kill" it... 
 She say a only tha "topper" youth and "dapper" youth she want (to) win it... 
 Fabolous! 
 (Verse 1: (fabolous)) 
 Let's get it ta' poppin' ma, it's a little before 1 
 And I'm yellin' out aye aye aye aye aye yoooo 
 I can tell by tha ring in tha middle of ya tongue 
 You're tha kinda girl that has a little bit more fun 
 I'm literally yours hun 
 'Cause I never seen a ass so big with a waist as little as yours hun 
 And by tha expressions on them hotties grills 
 I know they wanna holla at somebody real 
 And I'm usually lookin' for somebody skilled 
 Enough to make a nigga say aye aye aye yo niggas get mad 'cause I may slay they 
 Hoe But I don't wanna let the a.k. spray so 
 Stop face fightin' me, like ya face frighten' me 
 I do this every year so I ain't never scared 
 I do this everywhere and you ain't never there 
 They sayin' this everywhere, how could you never hear 
 (Hook: (sean paul)) 
 If you wanna roll with tha thugs tonight Lights, camera, action can you feel 
 Tha hype Hit cruise control blazed Kryptonite Well its all right, baby its 
 All right If you wanna live up and free your life Come through let we kick it till 
 A morning light 
 If you wanna roll with tha thugs tonight Well its all right, baby its all right 
 (Verse 2: (sean paul)) 
 So get with it, we want (to) hit it, we nah quit it... 
 And I like tha way you body set and how your clothes fit it 
 I want you give me some of it because minute by minute 
 Temperature it all a rise because you thighs and all you hips... style 
 You shockin' it... you a rock it... you a kill it 
 And a one thing the Dutty Paul want to predict 
 Say by tha end of tha night you will be chillen' with tha click 
 Flossin' it... Money we tossin' it... 
 'Cause we a tha Boss in it 
 We naw ease up... We ain't stallin'...Grab tha girls all in... 
 That's my true callin' 
 Y'all freeze up... We be flowin' it... 
 Your girl knowin' it And that's why she's showin' it. 
 (Verse 3: (fabolous)) 
 Over here tha liquor is light blue, the chronic is light green 
 They wearin' tha right shoe, they put on tha tight jeans 
 They bringin' me right through, I walk with a slight lean 
 My style excites you, I know what that might mean 
 Aye, I'm'ma freaky scorpio 
 Yo, tryna' leave with your skio 
 Aye, but its mandatory tho' 
 Yo' after me let shorey go 
 But that's another story tho' 
 But please don't try to bring us to tha Maury show 
 How cool is he? 
 You don't know a fool who be crazy enough to fool with me 
 You'd rather swim in a pool of pee 
 Then see tha one you luv in tha vehicle with me 
 Aye 
 Yo 
 But tha vibe is right, tha girls is up to par 
 We gon', drink it tonight and earl it up tomorr' 
 It goes