"1999. The world is at it's end. Fuck you, we want the money and the power and go out with a bang." 
 "'Cause it's the end of tha world and still niggas ain't got no satisfaction. 
 So I take my 9 put it on my 
 Sip for some cop now I'm blastin' 'cause I'm known as a G & I'm comin' from the CPT 
 And you should know bitch ass niggas runnin' back can't fuck with Eazy" 
 "Word'em up" [several times] 
 This is a real life jack in progress. Nigga give up your shit or take 
 Two tha chest with tha cripness 
 'Cause I ain't fuckn around G, so take a look at a real at a real live nigga 
 That craaazy and get ready to 
 Die loc, any last wordz before your ass gets smoked, it ain't a joke 'cause my 
 Pockets is broke my friend 
 That's why I gotta do you in. Give up your endz and your gold and your 
 Nik's and anything else I 
 Might like and then I'm off in the wind again to catch tha next sucka 
 Slippn taken two to tha chin. 
 I'm on a role two niggaz in one night didn't even have to fight, just 
 Pulled out my 9 to end anothers 
 Life. That's real life so forget tha silly shit you heard, Now Nigga tell 
 Me do you have any last wordz. 
 "'Cause it's the end of tha world and still niggaz ain't got no satisfaction. 
 So I take my 9 put it on my 
 ?? For some cop now I'm blastn, 'cause I'm known as a G and I'm coming from tha Cpt. 
 And you should know bitch ass niggaz running back can't fuck with Eazy" 
 "Word'em up" [several times] 
 Another murder I committed made front page a nigga dead from a drive by 
 Did with a 12 gauge. The 
 First stage of insanity people say it ain't wise to get faded off the 
 ST.Ides. A mother cries, another 
 Son lies in a casket, life was fun while it lasted. Tha silly bastard had 
 To get caught, tripn and set 
 Tripn, you should have seen that niggaz blood dripping.To many lives took 
 To many hearts broke, but 
 You don't hear me so you see my fuckn gun smoke. Some ask why do I take 
 So many lives from the 
 Innocent little ones. But where I come from we take shit real, you peel 
 Caps so you gotta get your 
 Cap peeled. Grab your steel forget about what you heard, its Do or Die 
 Nigga, any last wordz? 
 "'Cause it's the end of tha world and still niggaz ain't got no satisfaction. 
 So I take my 9 put it on my 
 ?? For some cop now I'm blastn,'cause I'm known as a G and I'm coming from 
 Tha Cpt. And you 
 Should know bitch ass niggaz running back can't fuck with Eazy" 
 "Word'em up" [repeated several times] 
 I got tha 9 and I'm fixing to str8 creep, feel I need to take another life 
 So I peep. Checking the 
 Scene, but staying low so I'm not seen case I gotta get away gotta make 
 Tha shit clean G. So I'm 
 Looking for a victim.Gotta be right, took my time and I picked him, Scoped 
 Shit then I licked'em now 
 I'm back in the news, no clues, but yet another murder. You should of heard 
 The nigga squill when I 
 Stuck his ass, I had to grin 'cause its funny nigga fuck his ass. He ain't 
 Tha last and surely ain't tha first 
 G, but his monkey ass rolled away in a hurst G. So I'm feeling some what 
 Relieved, just another day 
 In tha life of tha E-Z. A real G so forget tha silly shit you heard, its 
 Do or die Eazy-E gets that last word. 
 "'Cause it's the end of tha world and still niggaz ain't got no satisfaction. 
 So I take my 9 put it on my 
 ?? For some cop now I'm blastn,'cause I'm known as a G and I'm coming from 
 Tha Cpt. And you 
 Should know bitch ass niggaz running back can't fuck with Eazy" 
 "Word'em up" [several times]