(Dr.Dre: "I still express yo I don't smoke weed or sess" 
 Bitch! 
 Ah, greetings eartlings, and welcome to the motherfuckin' 
 Wonderful, wonderful, motherfuckin world 
 Of gettin' higher than a motherfucker 
 Oh me? I'm funk on your mind 
 Alias to you motherfucker's roach clip 
 And this here's my Kimosabe dumpin shit on yo ass 
 And my nigga goes by the name of BG Ashtray 
 And we 365, that means we fucked up all the way around 
 And our motto is... 
 (Gettin' higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach) 
 Creepn through this cloud of smoke 
 With a little bit of funk to make ya choke in 
 Gangstas come feel good inside 
 As we take you for a ride to another dimension 
 Deep from a 4-0 O-Z 
 Two crooked ass niggaz on a cosmic journey 
 Straight from the planet G 
 Where the real niggaz dwell in the realms of Ruthless 
 Took a puff of the indo spliff 
 High like a bird as I creep to the bud spot 
 Break me off a proper piece so I can get fucked 
 With my nigga roachclip, BG Ashtray, dump that ash tray 
 Ruthless family, high as can be 
 Smoke that ?? psychadelically insane 
 And gettin' higher than a motherfucker 
 (Gettin' higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach) 
 As I step through the smoke 
 Deep from a land broke niggaz don't come to 
 Straight to Indonesia 
 Chronic fever step off punk we don't need ya 
 Blaze a blunt to the boogie 
 And come take a ride on a journey with a real G 
 Life is easily explained on the level 
 Of smokin' bud with the motherfuckin Devil in my imagination 
 Sup with these thoughts what a fly creation 
 Indo smoke from the land of G'z 
 Letting them know they can't handle these 
 Niggaz, straight from the planet Dime 
 I have come to put funk on your mind 
 Eazy-E better known as Mr. Roach Clip 
 So pass the bud 'cause we still gettin' higher than a motherfucker 
 (Gettin' higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach) 
 Now I'm real fucked up yes high as hell 
 Ring ding ding do I hear some bells 
 Or am I just trippin' 
 Thinkin' about that 4 that I'm dippin 
 Front, back, side to side 
 On corners that's how a nigga gotta ride 
 Dip to the, dip to the back 
 Bumpin' Eazy-E on 8 track 
 So blaze up a another skunky, funky, dookie, doobie, 
 So we can get loogied 
 Up some more, up, up it go 
 What's my name "Eazy-E" yo 
 The motherfuckin bud smokin' loc'n 
 When I'm high as a kite causing ruckus yeah! 
 Gettin' higher than a motherfucker 
 (Gettin' higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach) 
 (Below is asked to E while music is still playing) 
 Q: Substance 
 E. Mar-a-Mutha-Fuckn-Wana 
 Q. Common slang names 
 E. Pot, grass, dope, weed, homegrown, sinsemilla, 
 Maui-wowie, thai sticks, joints, roaches, indica, 
 Concentrated rezi called hash or hashish; 
 But some niggaz call it bud 
 Q. Active Ingrediant 
 E. Tetra Hydro Cannabinol... THC 
 Q. Source 
 E. Cannabis Sativa 
 Q. Form a callogic classification 
 E. CNS Depressive Hallucigent 
 Q. Medical Use 
 E. Experimental only, oh yeah we still testing... 
 And don't forget we still gettin' higher than a motherfucker 
 (Gettin' higher than a motherfucker, down to tha last roach)