(Female: We're sitting here with Eazy E) 
 Believe that 
 (Female: How are you doing?) 
 All right 
 (Female: So, Eazy, tell me, how was your life as a youngster?) 
 Ruthless, my style as a juvenile 
 Ran with a gang, slanged in the meanwhile 
 Bankin, I specialized in gankin 
 Whites, Mexicans, brothers and others 
 Daily, it's all about comin' up 
 Makin' sure no punks are runnin' up 
 Because I'm a gangster havin' fun 
 Strapped with a gat when I'm walkin' through Compton 
 Terrible, I never listened to my mother 
 It went in one ear, and out the other 
 Ran my gang, sold undercover 
 Call a girl out a name, yo I ain't no lover 
 I'm a pimp, mack daddy, lookin' for the dollar 
 At thirteen I bought a six-fo' Impala 
 Rollin', and runnin' from the police 
 Brother don't you know you can't trust a thief 
 Or thug, convict, hoodlum or criminal 
 Leave your car open, gank for your stereo 
 Hard and raw, no regard for the law 
 Eazy E, were you ever caught slipping? 
 Hell no! Just trippin' off 8-ball 
 And girls ain't nothin' but female dogs to me 
 Bitches! I'm sorry for that verse 
 It's in my nature, I gotta curse 
 At anybody gettin' on my nerves 
 You get beat, ganked, broke and served 
 So you know who I am 
 And if you don't like it, I really don't give a damn 
 Hmm, I see, so you're rather violent? 
 Sometimes 
 Okay, what would be the situation when you so-called "gank" somebody? 
 Waitin' for some people to leave 
 I got another trick up my sleeve 
 Step with pep to the back of the house 
 Looked in all the lights are out 
 Grabbed the door and it's locked, so 
 Aasily made my way to the window 
 Lift it up slow, cause it takes timing 
 Looked around, and then I climbed in 
 Once inside I start takin' 
 Cause you know it's no time for shakin 
 Get what you gonna get, front and center 
 Or get five years for breakin and enter 
 Move quickly, but no runnin' 
 Shhh, I think somebody's comin' 
 Hear the front door key, and I flee 
 Out the back door with a fist full of jewelry 
 Over the wall don't fall 
 Wipe my sweat cause that was a close call 
 Gettin' ganked by the E is a lesson 
 So is there any more questions? 
 Yes, as a matter of fact, there is 
 Have you ever been involved in, like, a armed robbery or a hold-up? 
 You mean a 211? 
 Yeah 
 There's a store, but don't point 
 Walk inside, case the joint 
 One man behind the counter, another in the back 
 Go out to the car and load the gat 
 Grabbed the ski mask, here's the task 
 Go in broke, come out with cash 
 Were you slick? 
 Yeah, you gotta be cunnin 
 Told Ice Cube to leave the car runnin' 
 Walked in, said: "This is a robbery" 
 Didn't need the money, it's just a hobby 
 Fill the bag, homeboy, don't lag 
 I want money, beer, and a pack of zig-zags 
 The man in the back had a camera 
 So he came out to test his stamina 
 Against Eazy E, but he took one 
 Fell to the floor, so I run 
 Back to the bucket, then I said: "Punch it" 
 Took the gun, and then dumped it 
 I'm not like Robin Hood, 'cause I want more 
 Steal from the rich, hang with the poor 
 My pockets are fat, you see, it don't matter to me 
 I feel like nobody is badder than me 
 Is all that true? 
 I don't lie 
 You see I'm not mister nice guy 
 Oh, so you're not exactly a role model? 
 Not exactly 
 And for your listeners, what does Eazy think of himself? 
 Bad and bold, you can't get with this 
 Those that tried, you're on my shit list 
 Can't be caught, sought or fought 
 Thought, and damn so what? 
 Down and dirty from the C-P-T 
 N.W.A. and Eazy-E 
 One more, before we end this session 
 Female: What's your real name? 
 No more questions