(DJ: This is radio K-EAZY-E. Hi, this is Greg Mac. Mac Attack 
 And we're gonna go to the phones right now and find out what's 
 Goin' on. Hello, who is this ?) 
 (Guy1: Yo, what's up ? This is Lorenzo Patterson) 
 (DJ: Yo man, where you callin' from ?) 
 (Guy1: I'm callin' from Compton and I wanna hear Eazy E's new record) 
 (DJ: What's it called man ?) 
 (Guy1: Yo, it's called "Radio") 
 (DJ: We got it, you called the right station. And here it is...) 
 Eazy E rockin' non stop on the radio 
 With the funky fresh hip hop in stereo 
 Release some rhymes that you will find demandin' 
 With Dre's beats that are so outstandin' 
 I'm gettin' busy if you know what I mean 
 Always settin' me a mark in the hip hop scene 
 On the radio the greatest of all times 
 Like Mohammed Ali 'cause I punch rhymes 
 So tune your station, and clear all the static 
 And tell the truth: you didn't know that I had it 
 In me, to be easy about the situation 
 So just kick it and listen to the station 
 Playin' my music, it's hard to lose it 
 It's constantly on request cause you choose it 
 I'm Eazy E, my rap is strong 
 (And your radio's def when my record's on _ LL Cool J) 
 (You wanna know why... because...) 
 I'm on the... 
 (Radio (echo) _ Chuck D) 
 (Dr.Dre: Yeah, ruthless radio is in effect, Dr.Dre and Yella boy is in 
 Ya 
 System. And right about now we got Eazy E and MC Ren in the studio 
 Takin' 
 Calls. So give'em a call and ask'em how they're doin') 
 (Ring) 
 Hello, this is Eazy E. What's your name? 
 (Girl1: Hi, this is Joyce. 
 I'd like to know if I can have your phone number?) 
 Yes, it's 9-7-6... 
 (Click) 
 Now I wanna turn up my box, and make much noise 
 And rock the party and shock all the B-boys 
 Take on my radio from phono to tuner 
 I wouldn't have did it, later but sooner 
 Now I move my antenna to the center 
 Then grab a hold of the handle and (??) 
 Then bust a rhyme, you know I won't quit it 
 Am I lyin', Ren ? (MC Ren: Man, you know you're witty) 
 Your request is clear, that you're givin' 
 Without Eazy E you wouldn't be livin' 
 With me on a top 10, or a mix show 
 So hit your power button, and let's go 
 On vacation, with your station 
 That's playin' live in every location 
 Blowin' out ya speaker 
 It won't get weaker 
 I'll keep rockin' till I hit the peek 
 And your station is dope E-A-Z-Y 
 It's on the air, but you axe why 
 I took out the cursin', and took rehearsin' 
 I feel dry, you know that I'm thirstin' 
 To get busy; I don't quit it 
 And once you hear my cut, I know you're gonna get it 
 Then bust a rhyme, while you're clappin' your hands 
 It's Eazy E on the air (rockin' without a band) 
 (DJ: You're on the radio, on K-EAZY-E, with Greg Mac. Don't forget to 
 Join us this Friday night live, we'll be jammin' it uptown with my 
 Homeboys Eazy E, of course, N.W.A. and the whole Compton posse. 
 Can't make it out but, hey, stay eazy, and stay it on K-EAZY-E... 
 With more... radio) 
 Now disc jockeys are playin' me in rotation 
 Hittin' number one spots across the nation 
 I'm on the charts, you can go list'em 
 But now listen, I'm on your system 
 AM or FM, I'm in power 
 You hear my music once every hour 
 So listen up to the rhyme and percussion 
 But do this with no discussion 
 Eazy's easin' fans I'm pleasin' 
 Why, I'm on top yo, I got reason 
 With no profanity, but what can I say 
 Yo Dre (Dr.Dre: What up ?) Do it your way 
 On the radio you get more looser 
 Take my word you're a dope producer 
 We combine to put out hits 
 But jealous people, they just have fits 
 'Cause we get airplay, but we're not through 
 Dre, am I serious ? (Dr.Dre: Cold word) Well thank you! 
 People that hear me, they know what I'm sayin' 
 On the air, I don't be playin' 
 Just gettin' my point across to the public 
 Rhymin' on the radio, that's my subject 
 I can play (rock), but I prefer (hip hop) 
 It's Eazy E on your radio non stop! 
 (MC Ren: Yo, this is MC Ren, can you comprehend ? We're for bite just 
 Like TNT. Yo, what's the time ?) 
 (Girl2: Hi, my name is Tushie and I'd like to know when I get 
 Paid, motha...) 
 (Plop) 
 (Dr.Dre: You got ganked... 
 Hello, you're on the air. What's up ?) 
 (Girls: Hello, we'd like to speak to that cuty pie DJ speed) 
 (DJ Speed: Yo, this is DJ speed. What's up ?) 
 (Girls: The joke's on you, Jack! Hahaha!) 
 (Dr.Dre: Hello, you're on the air) 
 (Guy3: Hey, what's up ? This is Nasty Naz callin' from Seattle) 
 (Dr.Dre: Hey, what's happenin', homeboy ?) 
 (Guy3: I'm callin' to be on Eazy E's new record, "Radio") 
 (Dr.Dre: Man, you're late. The record is already o...)