(Baby Cryin', Scary music, laughin' voice ...) 
 Good evening, and welcome to Eazy's playhouse, 
 You stupid muthafuckaaaaaa! 
 (A low bass metal voice ...) 
 Now that you got the album, 
 What the fuck are you gonna do with it, 
 BITCH BITCH Bitch bitch ... 
 Eazily I aproach, the microphone because I ain't no joke 
 Tell your momma to get off of my tip 
 I have no time to give her my dick 
 I'm gonna hold it 
 And walk around the stage and 
 If you fuck up I'm goin' to get my gauge and 
 Unload the barrel and laugh 
 'Cause I'm puttin' lead in your mothafuckin' ass 
 Psychopathic, but the ho's are attracted 
 Because when I'm on hard my dick's at least a yard 
 In the days of old I was a nut 
 Now I need at least 3 ho's when I fuck 
 'Cause I do a check, nut 1 nut 2 
 Then I save a nut for when there's nothin' else to do 
 Get used to the crew, bitch 
 'Cause I would never quit 
 As soon as you think that's it I'm still talkin' shit 
 -=- CuT -=- 
 I told you that nigga was crazy 
 E boy, that's my boy, godamnit 
 -=- CuT -=- 
 I got a fable that you need to listen to 
 It's a funky little rhyme about a bitch or a two 
 One Sharon and the other one Shaun 
 I want to nut but which one do I want? 
 Shaun said Eazy let me fuck you blind 
 And Sharon said E I want to blow your mind 
 I said fuck it, I know what should be done 
 Just pull your panties down and I'll fuck the biggest one 
 And then I get the other pussy put it in the freezer 
 So I can always have a on-hold skeezer 
 Get out the ticket, I do it like that 
 So I told the ho's to take a big step back 
 Took the zipper down, eyes wide and said 
 Here's what I'm gonna put inside 
 Grab it like a rabbit, grab it let's work it 
 But I won't love you, 
 When I'm done I'd still be talkin' shit ... 
 -=- CuT -=- 
 That boy'z good 
 Yeah that boy's good 
 That mothafucka'z talkin' all kinds of shit 
 I used to get pussy like eazy eric every day 
 You're mothafuckin' lyin' 
 How you know I'm mothafuckin' lyin'? 
 You're lyin', your dick can't get hard ... 
 Oh, suck my dick mothafucka 
 Nigga you lied 
 Who you're talkin' to..? 
 ... 
 -=- CuT -=- 
 Dre : Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut that shit, 
 HEY YO YELLA BOY! wantcha REWIND IT! 
 -=- CuT -=- 
 Niggaz don't see I'm a 100% legit 
 And you know it ain't about all that bullshit 
 It's about fuckin' this bitch and that bitch 
 But not the bitch with the 7 day itch, like that ho' 
 Just throwin' me the pussy 
 She says she wants to do it like a doggy 
 She's bad, nobody is badder 
 But she got more crabs than a seafood platter 
 Bitch on the gank move, to skeaze me 
 Just to say "I got fucked by Eazy" 
 So I slapped the ho' like a pimp 
 I might be a women-beater but I'm not a pussy-eater 
 So when the shit hits the fan it's outta my mouth 
 You don't like what I'm talkin' about 
 All of y'all can just suck my dick 
 You can quote me now 'cause I'm still talkin' shit ... 
 -=- CuT -=- 
 The boy's good, I told you the boy's good 
 The nigga has talent 
 You don't know a damn thing 
 Yeah, I like that part, bring that shit back one more time, Maestro 
 I can do the bugaloo 
 That old shit did'nt play out in 1967 ... 
 Hey fuck you, fuck you ...