Yes I'm too smart to get dicked... or so the case may be 
 That's how the ho felt when she found at that she couldn't play me 
 I know the game and I know it rather swell too 
 Rubbin up on my dick and givin' me hints that your interested 
 Thinking first you'll kiss my lips and rub my hips, then he'll take a sip 
 Of hennesey hit the buddha, pass out and I'll take his shit 
 HELL NAW monkey mouth trick, ya stupid ho 
 You must be a fool if you thinking that I dunno 
 But nah you broke ass hoes wanna come up, shaking that money maker 
 But I break her 'cause the bitch is a faker 
 Or maybe she just don't know the formula 
 Of how to get rich quick 
 Without making happy dicks 
 That's all the bitch know is... 
 How to be a mega ho 
 I guess that just goes to show 
 That's she too ignorant to know 
 That I won't be played... or gay or dapper, but I ain't perfect 
 I whip the dick out now and then and let 'em slurp it 
 But I'm careful, bein aware of the bitches 
 That's torchin niggas on purpose 'cause they think they deserve it 
 Yeah that's some cold shit, my experience oughta learn ya 
 That if a nigga ain't tryina smoke you a bitch tryina burn ya 
 So trust no 
 Trust no... bitch (?funky cut? bitches) 
 Trust no... bitch (?funky cut? ho) 
 x2 
 (AMG) 
 I refuse to lose so I chose few and trust none 
 To my women I love, but to you bitches I ain't the one 
 When I tell you to trust no bitch, It might not occur to you 
 Females ain't the only bitches that I'm referring to 
 See you can help a bitch 
 Let alone treat swell a bitch 
 'Cause the bitch sold out... gon sell out... or the bitch gon snitch 
 Bitches wanna be and gonna always be around 
 Watchin what ya doin' tryina use ya and keep ya down 
 Bore ya with a story ya got ya own 
 Imma strengthn your conviction to give that dog a bone 
 And move on... for the motherfucker fakin you... fuck you 
 And make you take their punk bitch ass to the bank foo 
 See bitches get paid. these bitches got charms 
 I see 'em at the mall, on TV and on my homies arms 
 Just some of homies got bitches but we breaking bitches 
 So I come like dis bitch "act like you know me 
 Eazy-E the muthafuckin manipulator when it comes to pussy, hoes 
 Just watch how my dick grows 
 But since all hoes fall in the bitch category, 
 Trustin no hooker ass bitch is mandatory 
 How much do you want? bitch how much can you take 
 'Cause a nigga like the E you can't break 
 Put ya skinny little ass in my face and I'll slap it 
 Whip out my dick and let you lick before I tap it 
 My left hands on your ass my right hands on your head 
 'Cause bitches get the nut... and niggas get the lead 
 Suckin my dick lickin' my balls you know you are the master 
 Suckin my toes lickin' my ass you make me come faster 
 But it just don't stop 
 Suckin everybodies dick...'cause its good to the last drop 
 But that shit don't faze me 
 I trust no car wrecking ho's this ones for you tracy 
 Bitches ain't nuffin but a hole in a 9 deuce 
 I'd rather make a mil while sippin a cold brew 
 Bitches ain't shit... word to the digi-digi-dick 
 Eazy-E PPC AMG and Quik 
 Bitch I ain't babyface so save ya whip appeal 
 I neva go on dates with broke bitches, 'cause free meals 
 Are suppose to pay the way to lucrative panty deals? 
 Bitch please, you betta hit ya knees 
 And you can even touch ya toes 
 'Cause I'm still playin' y'all punk hoes like dominios 
 And if you suck the dick right and the pussy tight 
 I might not beat you down till the 2nd night 
 Once a dog always a dog, trick 
 Ya little trick tramp slut with a big butt 
 'Cause you ain't shit bitch 
 I'd rather fuck ya then love ya 
 'Cause bitch I neva trust ya 
 Helll muthafuckin yeah 
 This is one for all those trifilin ass, no good, riff raff, crab scratchin, one a month bleedin, no douching, disgusting bitches.You know you gettin' this from DJ Quik, mah nigga easy muthafuckin e, AMG is definitely in the house, and the PPC is sending this to you 
 That bitch cindy is a muthafuckin funky cut ho 
 And mesha is a no good 
 That bitch fatal is a no good funky cut ho 
 Robin is a trifilin ass funky cut ho 
 Dana is a funky funky cut ho 
 Novita is a trifilin ass funky cut ho 
 Marcy's is a disgusting funky cut ho 
 Karen is a funky funky ass funky cut ho 
 Easy said tracy is a no good funky cut ho 
 Deuce said April is a funky cut 
 And like I said before 
 Aaaaallllllllllllll biitcccccchhhhhhesssssss aaaaaaiiinnnnntttttttt shit!