(Feat. Sha) 
 (T-Bone) 
 "I tried to be there but you wouldn't let me in 
 Before hustlin' we were friends!" 
 (True/Sha) 
 Damn what a price to pay 
 Shows that torch you can't take away 
 Now forever sleep is where your body'll lay 
 Restin' in peace is what I hope and pray 
 Shit, what I will tell your moms 
 As she breakin' down in the brother's arms 
 But she don't know the truth so I've the only chance 
 He started buggin' callin' in the work 
 Kept another theme so they called him Kirk 
 After he got caught he got real berserk 
 Found out he was smokin' from a cavilled world 
 I wanted to be the first one to play it at 
 Yo son, I'd only sow but he used crack 
 And this is somethin' that I can't believe 
 Comin' from A Prince among Thieves! 
 (T-Bone) 
 "Sometimes I wondered but I didn't understand 
 Just when you were trying to go, won you the bet 
 I tried to be there but you wouldn't let me in 
 Before hustlin' we were friends!" 
 (True/Sha) 
 I thought I would have been better if I'd just let'em be 
 But he started showin' two faces one for you one for me 
 I watched though change ?shit's so Mitchell what's re-strange? 
 Leave on a train get dropped back off in a range 
 A friendship taken aback conceived ya coped gain 
 Lookin' at your mummy, yah two can feel your pain 
 Yo son, my man, I didn't dig the trap 
 What in the world would have pushed him to do that 
 A god fearin' boy has high erased him 
 Mummy don't blame yourself when you are gettin' praised 
 Raisin' two kids strugglin' all alone 
 Takin' what life had to offer your head on 
 Each shows the take to row of a loser 
 A coped cane seller, a coped cane loser 
 Reality's sometime hard to believe 
 But who ever thought it would have happened to the Prince among Thieves! 
 (T-Bone) 
 "Sometimes I wondered but I didn't understand 
 Just when you were trying to go, won you the bet 
 I tried to be there but you wouldn't let me in 
 Before hustlin' we were friends!" 
 Wutcha wanna do son, how do you feel? 
 Livin' in a life when everything is real 
 Wutcha wanna do son? It was the deal 
 Livin' in a life when everything is right 
 Wutcha wanna do son, how do you feel? 
 Livin' in a life when everything is real 
 Wutcha wanna do son? It was the deal yo 
 It was the deal yo 
 It was the deal! 
 (True/Sha) 
 I never thought that losin' you would've left an inner space - in my heart 
 When I pull the out it ain't goin' no waste 
 And every time I see your ?pseud? I remember your face 
 I'm locatin', muddin' my way, raisin' like he was mine 
 I mean the joy brings me kinda hard to define 
 Knowin' hot type of words, I shit clue to win 
 You was more like my brother but that fright me in 
 And since you came now your song has someone to depend 
 Aaw, so take this son and rest in peace 
 I wish would have know how I felt for you was diseased 
 Forgave a shit enough time to get released 
 Everytime I hear "Prince" I'ma remember you 
 "Among Thieves" what the fuck I ?putsch? it through 
 (T-Bone) 
 (It's not my fault) 
 "Sometimes I wondered but I didn't understand (It's not my fault) 
 Just when you were trying to go, won you the bet (It's not my fault) 
 I tried to be there but you wouldn't let me in (It's not my fault) 
 Before hustlin' we were friends!" 
 (x2)