[Bimos:] Yo what's up man? 
 [Scully B:] Yo w'shup, man? 
 [Bimos:] Yo, you gotta let 'em know where that Scully B is! 
 [Scully B:] I 'unno, man, but you know they be all just BITIN', MAN! 
 Scully B: 
 J.O.B., tryin' to make green 
 Peoples always ask me what the hell does that mean? 
 J is for the jerks around the way 
 Who be standin' on the corner almost every single day 
 O is for the others who can't understand 
 How gettin' a job can improve a man 
 B's for the bitch that lets you knock it 
 But only if you got that cash in your pocket 
 She lets you rock her till the break o' dawn 
 And then skip town when the cash is gone 
 [Bimos:] Aw yeah, Scully B got head! 
 [Scully B:] Yeah, you know what I'm sayin' man, DAS what dey is! 
 Scully B: 
 Step into this jam, damn, lookin' nice 
 Jealous sucka punks thinkin' what a life 
 Well, since this is life and nothing comes free 
 It's all about makin' that cash money 
 Grabbin' on my clothes, girls screamin' my name 
 Well I guess that's just the price of fame 
 This bum asked for change, (Yo, can I get some change, man?) lookin' kinda rugged 
 It's not that I fronted, but I only carry 100's 
 Bump into this girl I ain't seen for a while 
 The girl flips out and starts actin' wild 
 Now things like that I won't allow 
 'Cause girls like that cold cramp my style 
 [Bimos:] Yo, she played you like that? Daaaamn! Yo, I woulda kicked her in the neck! 
 [Scully B:] Oh. Is that what you did? 
 Jason X: 
 Drivin' in my Z down the avenue 
 Gangsta lean to the side and a 40 of brew 
 Hit my breaks (screeeech!), who could it be? 
 Some nice round thighs and a big boo-ty 
 I said "Baby, baby, I know what you like - 
 Turn that butt around and I'll ride you like a bike." 
 She said "Yeah, man, I know what you mean ... " 
 Then she pulled down those designer jeans 
 'Cause I'm the type of brother that just don't play 
 I waxed that butt from March till May 
 And just in case I get an overdose 
 I pass it on to my man Bimos 
 Scully B: 
 Stopped at the light on Atlantic Avenue 
 Aw, damn! Here comes that Squeegee crew! 
 Brothers on the car like rats on cheese 
 Get off my car, niggas, won't you please? 
 Stopped at the station to get me some gas 
 And here comes a girl with a great big ass 
 The closer she got, the more I knew 
 I had to take her to the crib and do the dew 
 Ran in the store to get me some brew 
 A 3-pack of condoms and a Charleston Chew 
 Back to the crib, didn't play no games 
 Had the fly girl screamin' my name (SCULLY!) 
 Finally realized the girl was a whore 
 Put my foot in her ass, she asked me for some more 
 [Bimos:] Oh, is DAT what she is? 
 (Scully B: giggling)