(Feat. Everlast) 
 Punk! 
 "Give me some time to blow the men down" 
 You have the right to remain silent. Anything 
 You say can and will be twisted around and used 
 Against you in the court of law, I'll make damn 
 Fuckin' sure of it! You have the right to an attorney 
 If you cannot afford an attorney, which 
 You probably can, we will be provided for you 
 You stupid, freakin', moulanan bastard! 
 "Blow the men down" 
 (Officer O'Maley Bitchkowski / Everlast) 
 It's the bad lieutenant, runnin' up in your tenament 
 Plantin' evidence on any black resident 
 New York's largest crew, it's the Men in Blue 
 We stick together like glue and make lies come true 
 My name's Officer O'Maley, I shoot you in the alley 
 And burn you like a cross at a fuckin' clan rally 
 I got spics sellin' nicks in the LES 
 I stay untouchable like my name's Eliot Ness 
 New York's finest, with a bullet-proof vest 
 I confiscate the chronic, I let you keep the stress 
 That is unless you wanna try and test 
 I'm D.T. undercover, I lock up your mother 
 You're just another brother, you ain't the mafia don 
 Who the fuck's payroll do you think that I'm on? 
 "The Police Department is like a crew 
 It does whatever it wants to do 
 The Police Department, we're like a crew 
 We do whatever we want to do! 
 The Police Department, it's like a crew 
 It does whatever it wants to do 
 The Police Department, it's like a crew 
 It does whatever it wants to do!" 
 (Officer O'Maley Bitchkowski / Everlast) 
 You know this ain't Serpico and you ain't Al P. 
 I got it locked from Hunter's Point in the Square in AL B. 
 From the Bronx to Queens to Brooklyn to Staten 
 We're the most organized criminals in Manhattan 
 When we come, we swarm in full uniform 
 When the blue lights flash stop runnin' your cash 
 It goes back to the days of Al Caponal and Frank Nitty 
 Illegal business controls the city - oh what a pity 
 If your attitudes shity, fuck my money up kiddin 
 You'll be doin' this bit - if you spill what I did 
 I'll pull a pill in your lid 
 Don't get you bustin' like a cherry waitin' in the comissery 
 Ah, what's this?! Crack!? Is that a gun!? 
 You stupid moule fuck! 
 You're gonna be doin' some real time son! 
 "The Police Department is like a crew 
 It does whatever it wants to do 
 The Police Department, we're like a crew 
 We do whatever we want to do!" 
 (Officer O'Maley Bitchkowski / Everlast) 
 I raid stairways in the PJs just for thrills 
 And pull triggers on niggaz that won't hurt the crills 
 It's brought up to paper, punk that's the caper 
 If we make this connection, I'll give you protection 
 In this year the mayor's up for reelection 
 So rat out all the competition in your section 
 In the next day, there will be a drug sweep around your way 
 So let your crew know, it's time to stay low 
 Keep up in the dough and you get the info 
 On what's goin' down and we can run this town 
 Straight into the ground, while we rise to the top 
 There ain't no such thing as a dirty cop 
 'Cause I plant what I want on any crime scene 
 I keep my hands clean, you know what I mean 
 "The Police Department is like a crew 
 It does whatever it wants to do 
 The Police Department, we're like a crew 
 We do whatever we want to do! 
 The Police Department, it's like a crew 
 It does whatever it wants to do 
 The Police Department, it's like a crew..." 
 "Blow the men down!" 
 (Gunshot)