A lot of people say when they smoke weed 
 It makes them feel nervous or not in control. 
 Not for me. When I smoke weed I just feel good. 
 You know, this one time I was in the Bay 
 Hangin' out with some of my buddies, smokin' a blunt. 
 Everyone's getting highfy. 
 Me being the outsider I am, 
 I wanna be involved to. 
 So I jump in my buddies car, 
 I'm ghost ridin' the whip down E. 14th St, 
 But he forgot to tell me he didn't have a wheel alignment. 
 One thing pot definitely does it makes you 
 Shut the Fuck up Bitch! 
 Nigga I'm dangerous, A wild big blue pit, 
 The type of dog you don't really wanna fool with 
 You get bit 'cause I'm dangerous 
 You get bit when my homie stay sippin' 
 Yeah 
 My name Daz I'm a cool what it is nigga 
 Rollin' with some niggas that split a niggas 
 Wig I'm just chillin' up tryin' to get it popping 
 Kill you about my paper if you plottin' 
 Don't stop it I gives a fuck bout what you talking 
 Give a fuck bout what your hopin' 
 If you come for mine your body is a target 
 I got some drink and a swisher full of that shit 
 Hit you with this pistol I can make you hit 
 A back flip you know my name you can see it in my face 
 Ridin' through the streets with heater on my waist 
 And the last thing I need is a case 
 I keep bail money with a cool 50 K 
 Just to remind ya with this pistol 
 I'll blind ya leave you dead in your tracks nigga 
 That's where they find ya I'm the most gangsterous 
 You can think of don't be surprised I'm the nigga you hate to love 
 They took Tooky but he still lives in us he tried to say he? give? 
 Schwarzenegger didn't give a fuck 
 It's every man for himself 
 So keep a pistol tucked, 
 As far as rap goes it ain't hard to see the Crip in Us! 
 A lot of nerves everybody gotta get rushed 
 It's like a big picture painted by a killas brush 
 Self defense be the case I'll be home for lunch 
 A little drum sticky koosh and a swisher blunt 
 Daddy was a ridah Moms was a wisher six dead homies 
 'Cause I've been that nigga I'll take your bitch 
 I don't know if I'm a be back with her 
 I'm hittin' niggas up every time I start spittin' 
 Take a peek make your whole block shiver niggas drop and roll 
 With the shit I deliver I'm a Dogg Pound general 
 Second in command you cross that line nigga 
 Your dead where you stand you and your man Nigga 
 Now I'm back on a creep 'n' real low key 
 Niggas make a move Fuck an O.G. 
 Niggas can't hold me I hold heat 
 And the temperature don't rise slowly it's lonely 
 On these cold streets Wheel it, 
 Any car that's available hop out guns out, 
 Naw we ain't scared of you 
 Yeah it's true, you should see what clip bananas do, 
 Run up in your crib ain't shit your man you can do. 
 He'll get hit through his shirt, through his vest, through his T, 
 Through his chest and when I'm done with him ain't a damn thing left 
 Just leekin' out his flesh 
 Pourin' liquor out his vest 
 And if you ask about me then the answer will be yes. Yes. 
 This some g shit real niggas fuck 
 With you can holla when you see me nigga but