(Feat. Soopafly) 
 Don't stop... (9x) 
 (Soopafly verse) 
 Ey yo, I steppin in the party and the party was packed 
 I was like a hard heated kid didn't know how to act 
 I see ass shaped like burnin butter on a hot plate 
 Most of them niggaz got one ho, I got eight 
 I mashed her the game, you can say I got grade 
 I'm runnin' shit by my time so I'm not late 
 I track so many bitches I need a blockin 
 The pimpwalk in my shoes I will not trade 
 For one second, if I leave they go frantic 
 I'm just playin' with you 
 Bitch, don't panic 
 Whatever you wish just keep that I won't gret it 
 Patience, time, and a wallet book I don't have it 
 All I got time fo' is what I'm tryin' fo' 
 A dime ho is what my game's designed fo' 
 You ain't really that freaky, bitch you lyin' ho 
 Now let me break it up the malls like a ryno 
 I fucked her from black back to albino 
 4:30 in the morning to about 9 o' 
 Clock, I tryna get a bounce rock 
 She was like "stop!" 
 I was like "uh huh bitch it don't stop" 
 (Soopafly chorus) 
 In the club they call me Mr. Danger (uh huh) 
 Moved to the city but I'm not no stranger (c'mon) 
 Never love a bitch 'cause it's not my nature (uh huh) 
 Ho's meet the pimp, niggaz meet the gangster (yeah) 
 Put down the drink it's time to get high (uh huh) 
 Move your body and shake what you got (ow ow) 
 Baby take a rhone now hit to that spot (oh) 
 The heat hypnotize, c'mon don't stop 
 Keep goin'... don't stop 
 Keep goin'... don't stop 
 Keep goin'... don't stop 
 (Daz verse) 
 As I step in the club the ho's say "oh yeah" 
 Always drop 'em in the ground 'cause I'm O.G 
 You want some sex and affection, bitch show me 
 Now 50 to one ho's can't every hold me 
 You can't immetate a nigga you can't flow me 
 You can't check a nigga, 'cause that's on me 
 You keep fuckin' around you be lonely 
 That's on my momma, my daddy you gone blow me 
 Not you and her, it is just we 
 Rock the cock, bitch, until three 
 In the mornin I'm yawnin and then I'm outey 
 Whatever would these ho's ever be without G 
 Dumb, blind and stupid it's a dity 
 I bust ho's whether they are pretty 
 Nigga you need some tissues 'cause you shitty 
 She got the paw tat'd on her tit-ty 
 All she want is the dick she say "get me 
 Look for my three hats I gotta give a G, me" 
 Thick dick her how you know I ain't skinny 
 When it comes to long dick I get plenty 
 She yap like a cat she get prisky 
 One shot at the ho 
 Yeah, I tried to bounce rock 
 She said "don't stop" 
 Hell naw, you trick bitch, it don't stop! 
 (Soopafly chorus) 
 In the club they call me Mr. Danger (uh huh) 
 Moved to the city but I'm not no stranger (c'mon) 
 Never love a bitch 'cause it's not my nature (uh huh) 
 Ho's meet the pimp, niggaz meet the gangsta (yeah) 
 Put down the drink it's time to get high (uh huh) 
 Move your body and shake what you got (ow ow) 
 Baby take a rhone now hit to that spot (oh) 
 The heat hypnotize now don't stop 
 Keep goin'... don't stop 
 Keep goin'... don't stop 
 Keep goin'... don't stop 
 Don't stop... (11x)