Yeah youknowhatI'msayin' muthafuckas in the world tryin' to 
 Play niggas out these days. Can't fuck around and play no 
 Niggas out these days niggas is smarter'n a muthafucka man 
 We gotta make cash. Only thing that's ruling this muthafucka 
 Right now, this strap, this weed, and this money I got in my pocket 
 Finna go get mo' money. youknowhatI'msayin' Ha Fuck 'em. 
 I hear some niggas comin' 'round 
 Talkin' 'bout what the fuck they can do 
 But the only thing I do is 
 Realizin' in my crew 
 Fuck these snitches fuck these bitches 
 Ain't worth the jail time bro' 
 You know these streets is a muthafuckin' joke 
 And that's the way it goes 
 Playa playa got caught up 
 Brought up the wrong way 
 But he say the white man 
 Fucked me up and got me acting that way 
 You know the homey who be 
 Ballin' with the squad (squad) 
 Little Y.G. trynta practice acting hard 
 Talkin' 'bout money talkin' 'bout bitches 
 Talkin' 'bout fancy cars and all that shit 
 Cocaine a pound of weed 
 And bitches sucking on his dick 
 He used to win it to live that way 
 Ever since them Chronic days 
 The big homeboy C-style put him on 
 Nineteenth Street got him on his way 
 It was cool 'cause he was finally one of us 
 Someone we can trust later on 
 Someone we couldn't trust 
 Niggas got greedy seen us clockin' dough 
 In this rap game threaten to snitch 
 If he wadn't rich in a matter of days 
 Should we kill him or let him starve? (Kill him!) 
 Make him get real broke (Kill him!) 
 Hell naw this nigga gotta die right here 
 We ain't no joke. (hell yeah nigga) 
 Check it! 
 Don't try to play me homey 
 Don't try to play me what (what) 
 Don't try to play me homey 
 Who the fuck you think I was? (was) 
 8:30 in this evenin' I cop the sack gettin' me set 
 Get some Orange getting me on my mind state just at rest 
 Cruise the neighborhood proudly and I'm throwin' up my set 
 Dogg Pound Gangsta homeboy and don't you forget 
 I crack a forty of that Eight fuck St. Ides I love the taste 
 And my system bumpin' down the street with nothin' but bass 
 And the homeboys flossin' we tossin' up the scene 
 Lookin' clean as fuck makin' green 
 Mashing as a muthafuckin' team 
 It seems the homies notice me who I am 
 Goddamn tires hoppin' pullin' up pop on the jam 
 Niggas started hoping showin' stereo on three chromes 
 And the situation just went so fast 
 Daz Dilinger kickin' ass 
 Steadily movin' making cash 
 Later on I bounce to the club 
 Me and my cousin Rico Snoop 
 Tai cousin Supafly, Big Style, E and Hershey too 
 Cruisin' up ? like fools don't understand my thang 
 Come around here homeboy & 
 You won't see daylight ever again 
 Come tow me bitch come get me rich 
 You know my way my game we spit 
 You down wit this? (you down wit this) 
 Told ya what told ya twice 
 Told ya why told ya somethin' 
 It ain't nothin' but a gangsta party bumpin' 
 (Snoop over last line) 
 Dumpin' on niggas after the club 
 Niggas started trippin' 
 Niggas start set trippin' 
 Niggas started Crippin' started Bloodin' 
 Started doin' whatever that they was doin' 
 I was blastin' they was blastin' 
 Dat Nigga Daz was out catching 
 Those who try to get up and do they thang 
 Swang bang and I gets my thang 
 Rat pack niggas try to jack 
 Niggas try to fuck my game 
 How the fuck I feel homeboy 
 Get that Eight and drink some more 
 Niggas won't stop mashin' 
 Till we knock down every niggas door 
 And there you 
 Straight gangst