Kurupt (Daz): 
 Gangsta (Yeah), Gangsta (Yeah) 
 Daz (Kurupt): 
 I Know y'all like The cars dat go boom (...boom ...boom..) 
 So everybody out there just turn yo shit up (boom... boom..) ha 
 (Kurupt) 
 Beitch, it's the Gangstaz! 
 What Up Daz? where dem hoez at? 
 Where dem bitchez at? where da homiez at? 
 (Verse I - Daz) 
 Cruzin' down the block 
 And my system bangin' out about a million watts 
 All these suckers wanna stare and jock 
 And hear my shit subbin' down the block 
 I'ma tell you what I got and my shit be thumpin' 
 5 10s in the back we bumpin' 
 Chrome deez on an ice machine and god damn my shit be thumpin' 
 Boom boom that's just my amps 
 E-q'z with the alpine deck 
 Y'all niggaz can't really fuck wit this 
 All my homeboys know who got the shit 
 See the girls like bass when it's in they face 
 And when they love it cut it feels so great 
 When I pull up homegirl I got the gate 
 All my homeboys luv that bass 
 (Kurupt) 
 All I want is my gold deez 
 Talkin' on my phones and a Armani's 
 OG DP GC's kurupt and D-A-Z 
 64 dippin' down the streets 
 Switches or not as long as-it got beats 
 All my homeboyz on the cut like we don't give a fuck 
 What the fuck? what bounce my homeboys rounded 
 DPG surrounded you know how gangstaz roll 
 G'ing in full control hittin' up in mo' control 
 Dipping on all gold 
 Why the fuck you wanna play wit a gangta man 
 My system bang. 
 Chorus - Daz (Kurupt) 
 My system bumpin' down the street 
 My system bumpin' down the street 
 My system bumpin' down the street wit nothin' but bass 
 Can you feel it y'all... huh-ha 
 Can you fell it y'all 
 I said 
 My system bumpin' down the street 
 My system bumpin' down the street 
 My system bumpin' down the street wit nothin' but bass 
 Can you feel it y'all (Boom Boom Boom Boom) huh-ha 
 Can you fell it y'all (Boom Boom Boom Boom) 
 (Verse II - Daz) 
 Lexus, Benz's, Lincoln, jeeps 
 Wit the beat with the color TV'z 
 Wit the fresh ass deez wit the killer weed 
 And my shit lookin' hell'a clean 
 You can hear me around the corner music bangin' 
 Because I like it loud 
 Wanna buy dippin' high wit the homeboyz 
 Me and my niggaz be shakin' the crowd 
 50 amps and 30 woofers and my shit be pushing power 
 Cruzing not givin' a fuck rollin' about 3 miles an hour 
 I'm the shit at the car shows 
 I'll be flossin wit all the hoes 
 Old school cadillac cutless then 64's 
 (???) 
 See me and my girls will buy a lexus jeep 
 Rollin' 6 deep till you hear the beat 
 Bumpin' loud move twice lets move the crowd 
 Gettin' rowdy rowdy wit my bumpin sounds 
 No doubt get a price and my system tight 
 Y'all niggaz ain't the only one wit Karl Kani 
 Got bumpin' beats stepped of on your chest 
 Showing all y'all niggaz that I bump the best 
 See we be wilding pro-filing sipping crystal 
 And we styling and went it comes to the subs 
 My shit be thumpin the loudest 
 So all you fellas don't doubt it 
 Y'all sisters wit me then shout it 
 We show dem niggaz we ball 
 We bringin' heat out the trunk 
 All you fools reckognise I'm the mad 
 'Cause you can keep on trying and still get can adapt to this 
 I'm the flyest shit you've ever seen 
 And you know what the fuck I mean 
 Nigga... 
 (Kurupt) 
 Baby tou've ever heard about a gangsta? Then you heard about me 
 Then you heard about the homiez, baby D-P-G 
 See I'm smooth an I be movin 
 And my shit bangs you heard where I hang? 
 Dogg Pound Gang 
 Wit the candy out the paint 
 See I'm lookin' all clean 
 Make it glissin' listen sparkle 
 Dippin' O-G 
 You can hear around the block 
 I let my system rock 
 Pancake drop 
 You know it don't stop 
 Bounce rock chillin' hangin' 
 Can't believe how my shit bangin' 
 Oh you ain't heard the thang yet 
 You haven't heard my shit bang yet 
 Yet, yet, 
 Chorus - Daz (Kurupt) 
 And my system bumpin' down the street 
 My system bumpin' down the street 
 My system bumpin' down the street wit nothin' but bass 
 Can you feel it y'all (Boom Boom Boom Boom) huh (Boom) 
 Can you fell it y'all (Boom Boom Boom Boom) 
 Said my system bumpin' down the street (street) 
 My system bumpin' down the street (Street) 
 My system bumpin' down the street (zztt zztt) wit nothin' but bass 
 Can you feel it y'all (Boom Boom Boom Boom) huh 
 Can you fell it y'all (Boom Boom Boom Boom) 
 My system bumpin' down the street (street) 
 My system bumpin' down the street (ezzt) 
 My system bumpin' down the street wit nothin' but bass (Bass Bass) 
 Can you feel it y'all (Boom Boom Boom Boom) huh 
 Can you fell it y'all (Boom Boom Boom Boom)