? We about to set it off, getting to some gangster shit 
 Are motherfuckers ready, I said, motherfucker are you ready 
 It's going down motherfucker yes? 
 50 pounds of kush I get paid because I did enough 
 That's the wrong way motherfucker ya I did it all 
 Pussy ass niggers over there y'all niggers sour 
 ? Nigger get a border of command 
 ? Niggers get ready stand for the ? fuck a time 
 Don't you know that is me and my cousin, big Snoop? 
 ?Motherfucker we buzin' 
 Got the streets on fire yeah we burnin' down the block 
 ?Champs in the? 
 ?Just like the 4th of July, fireworks letting off and more niggers will die 
 ? Crime motherfucker it's too late for that 
 Get your ? have some feeling smoke some weed and? 
 When it's all said and done I said I told you so 
 So ? motherfucker, let's go blow off a blunt 
 You know I stay on the grind, you know I bust with that knife 
 You know I stay with the weed, you know I got what you need 
 You know I stay on the grind, you know I bust with that knife 
 You know I stay with the weed, you know I got what you need 
 Better hold on tight, with all your might 
 Cause snoop dogg is on the mike and I'm rocking ?tight 
 I came through the do might do them all draped in blue 
 I stand tall I'm on the ball, who is that doggy dog? 
 I got hoes everywhere, every time that I step 
 I got my ? I got my ? tub under my? 
 I'm so smooth if I pull through the lbc 
 I'm so tragical, radical, classical, mechanical, dramatical, magical 
 Move with it, move with it, let? 
 ?Should be ? give me the? 
 I see you suckers popping at their mouth 
 I see some niggers running out, I see niggers dropping out 
 We gonna pop them we gonna bust them, we gonna hit them, hit them, touch them 
 We gonna end all discussion, we gonna rush the, we gonna rush them 
 We gonna pop them we gonna bust them, we gonna hit them, we gonna touch them 
 We gonna end all discussion, we gonna rush the, we gonna rush them 
 You know I stay on the grind, you know I bust with that knife 
 You know I stay with the weed, you know I got what you need 
 You know I stay on the grind, you know I bust with that knife 
 You know I stay with the weed, you know I got what you need 
 ? One og, heads to the e, double double o v 
 That nigger ? to the z 
 And we be nothing but ? be gees 
 We piss on niggers and we squeeze on hoes 
 When we step through the doors everybody exposed 
 ? Smooth like a ? nigger lay? 
 I'm in this motherfucker ? we will shoot you, nothing to explain 
 And then I put that fucking bullet through your motherfucking brain 
 Extract the ? up, ?cane 
 ?Shout out to the real killers, dope dealers and ? and all of them real niggers 
 Ain't no words to explain it ? simple and done 
 Now there's over with it nigger, this side of west was on 
 You know I stay on the grind, you know I bust with that knife 
 You know I stay with the weed, you know I got what you need 
 You know I stay on the grind, you know I bust with that knife 
 You know I stay with the weed, you know I got what you need.