(Feat. Bad Azz) 
 (Daz talking) 
 Uh, yeah 
 Dat Nigga Daz 
 Uh, Soopafly on the motherfucking track 
 Yeah, we gon DPG it up, ya knaw what I mean 
 Shit don't stop, ya knaw what I mean 
 Yeah, check it out 
 (Daz verse) 
 Guess who's back, Daz 
 With a little bit more than the last time 
 Bringing your ass some more dope rhymes 
 As I climb from the bottom of the pile 
 Watch me bubble up, double up, everybody ain't rough enough up 
 You need some more gangsta in you nigga just toughen up 
 You see these DPGC's they loving us 
 I'm Dogg Pound out, and your boy Doggystyled out 
 Every club I step foot in, nigga I turned out 
 Ever since I was a youngster, nigga I earn cloud 
 Learn route, yeah I'm pimp-knocking hoes out 
 Working on a nigga 
 Just let me bust a nut 
 Just let me bust them guts 
 Bitch, that's what's up 
 For you to keep on tricking it didn't cost much 
 After she leave you (Ashanti) nigga she call us 
 We had a ball wit her, she ducked we all hit it, she seesawed wit us 
 (Bad Azz verse) 
 Hey y'all, all I'm tryna do is stay ballin 
 Thick papers in my pockets, credit cards in my wallet 
 Ben Franklin on my answer machine 
 'Cause money calling, I'ma call back, I'm aquimilating all that 
 I stash every single bill here, meetin tall stacks 
 I'm a mobster, DPG boogie monster 
 When I die, then my lyrical essence is going haunt ya 
 Till I die I'm a lyrical legend that's what I brought you 
 Youse a snitch if you tell 'em what happened, when they caught you 
 Youse a liar if you switch what happened (Kurupt) in your talkin' 
 You gon die if I get you bitch, so just watch it 
 6 banana clips, each with 50 rockets 
 Niggaz don't have no hits, niggaz got empty pockets 
 Niggaz can't handle this, you bitches just need to watch it 
 It's a wrap cause nigga you can't rap, so get a strap and jack 
 Or get a sack and crack 
 (Daz - Chorus) 
 Kurupt... you ain't shit! 
 Suge Knight you bitch ass nigga... you ain't shit! 
 And all your motherfuckers around the world... you ain't shit! 
 All the boys and all them lil girls... you ain't shit! 
 Ja Rule you sucka ass... you ain't shit! 
 You little Bitin ass 2Pac... you ain't shit! 
 You tryin' to tell me somethin' this my nigga... you ain't shit! 
 You fuckin' wit D-A-Z my nigga... you ain't shit! 
 (Daz verse) 
 It's a new time and a new day, a new way and a new era 
 A new mind a new 9 I had to cock back and spray 
 Lay ya down for that title and crown 
 And that's why we X'ed your bitch ass from the pound (Kurupt, Kurupt) 
 Switch sides like that, 'cause we can't fuck with no niggaz like that (sucka) 
 And that what I call a bitch 
 I second that emotion he was dropped from the click 
 Better start your own gang, better watch where you hang 
 Real G's do real thangs 
 Hang out of the window blow out your mothafuckin brains 
 And let you know about this Long beach gang 
 Motherfucker I'm a Death Row Killa, Suge Knight can die too 
 Kurupt Dumb Gotti, It's on when we find you 
 Transformin niggaz don't deserve to breathe 
 How many niggaz down to ride with me (yay yay) 
 I'm a West coast ridah, comin' up besdie you 
 Bash you nigga to let you know I got the fire 
 When it comes down to it Diggy Daz is the livest 
 When it comes down to us gettin' bombed I'm the highest 
 I said it once, no Imma tell your ass 
 Now gimmie the microphone and lemme give you a blast 
 I'm Snoop lil cousin by the name of Daz 
 And bitches who fuck us we don't love y'all ass 
 (Daz - Chorus) 
 Kurupt... you ain't shit! 
 Suge Knight you bitch ass nigga... you ain't shit! 
 And All your motherfuckers around the world... you ain't shit! 
 All the boys and all them lil girls... you ain't shit! 
 Ja Rule you sucka ass... you ain't shit! 
 You little Bitin ass 2Pac... you ain't shit! 
 You tryin' to tell me somethin' this my nigga... you ain't shit! 
 You fuckin' wit D-A-Z my nigga... you ain't shit! 
 (Daz talking) 
 Awwww shit 
 I wanna say what's up to that pussy-eating Marion 
 You know you done sucked my dick plenty of times, boy, ya knaw what I mean 
 Suge like eatin' after people ya knaw what I mean 
 He like leftovers, ya knaw what I mean 
 You continue to keep payin' my bills you bitch ass nigga