(Bust it... now) 
 This is a matter of utmost urgency 
 You might even call it a police emergency 
 Suckers got ill when they finally heard the G 
 Wasn't sellin' out, they tried to murder me 
 Reached for my jammy like a troop's supposed to do 
 Never let a sucker get too close to you 
 Heard 'em comin', ducked behind the wall 
 Then saw the whites of his eyes, the first one had to fall 
 Another bug creeped up the fire escape 
 Trying to sneak, I guess he snuck too late 
 Lookin' like a scene from Real Life Vice 
 The way his head fell apart like a block of solid ice 
 Uzi does it, come to think of it 
 Dude had a nine, but his wasn't as fast as mine 
 I heard the phone ring, should I answer? 
 This is gettin' serious as terminal cancer 
 And that is the final stage, my primal rage 
 Began to rise and I started to fantasize 
 How many more might try to rush the door 
 And blast their way in, hell, I ain't stayin' 
 I opened the back door and felt the summer night heat 
 Saw a bunch of bugs wearin' white sheets 
 What else could it mean? I know it ain't Halloween 
 The cross in the background burnin' made a ill scene 
 First I was panicky, then I was angry 
 One creep even had a rope ready to hang me 
 Now who am I supposed to be? Eddie Spaghetti? 
 You come and vic Rob G any time you're ready? 
 Fuck that, they had me trapped so I rushed back 
 They tried to bust me but they don't have enough caps 
 I dipped, dived, slipped, slid, they missed me 
 I had to move quick or they was bound to get me 
 One bullet grazed me, that didn't phase me 
 What could I say? I was havin' a fucked up day 
 Stood up and took aim, my finger on the trigger 
 I shouted "Now let me hear you say nigger!" 
 Well anyway, nobody spoke or went for broke 
 The place was all clouded up from gunsmoke 
 And everything got quiet, I don't buy it 
 Just a second ago we had a riot 
 They must be plannin' attack or settin' a trap 
 Whatever the case you won't get this black 
 Now I'm on the edge and there's no denyin' it 
 Whatever the hell might work I'm tryin' it 
 Thought I was a target that they could get right quick 
 But I ain't goin' out like no statistic 
 Another number, made me wonder 
 How many other brothers they've put under 
 I sat in the dark real still for a long time 
 Didn't make a sound 'cause I've got a strong mind 
 Made my way to the street, it was daybreak 
 Must've fallen asleep, but for Pete's sake 
 I didn't see the enemy tryin' to put an end to me 
 The night before, my finger trigger was sore 
 I went in the house to get a fresh clip 
 And then I woke up an' shit... 
 (It's a bad dream, man. That's all, man, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 Guess I was just buggin' or somethin', man...)