Suge Shot Me 
 In today's music news: the ever controversial Tupac Shakur has 
 Just released another album under the alias Makaveli. 
 Music insiders are running wild trying to rearrange other artist 
 Street dates, in fear of a wipe out in retail interchart movement. 
 Although no one knows the exact 'cause of the new album; 
 Resources tell me a number of less fortunate rappers 
 Have joined together in conspiracy to assassinate the character 
 Of not only Mr. Shakur, but of Death Row Records as well. 
 Nas, the alleged ring leader of it, is furious at Tupac 
 Excuse me Makaveli's verbal assault 
 On Mobb Sleep, Notorius P.I.G., and several other New York rappers 
 Jay-Z, from "Hawaiian Sophie" fame, Big Little whatever 
 And several other corny sounding motherfuckers 
 Are understandably shaken up by this release. 
 The question everbody wants to know is, 
 Why'd they get this nigga started? 
 Tupac, rather Makaveli, was not available for comment 
 But released this statement: 
 It's not about East or West 
 It's about niggas and bitches, power and money, 
 Riders and punks. Which side are you on? 
 These niggas is still fuckin' talkin'? 
 You niggas still breathin? fuckin' roaches, aight 
 Aight, it's the Raid for your cockroaches 
 (All day, everyday) 
 It's the raid for you punk motherfuckers 
 (The pump in yo' ass) 
 This is it nigga! Killuminati style 
 (Outlaw lifestyle) 
 Makaveli the Don, solo shit, bring it! 
 Allow me to introduce first Makaveli the Don 
 Hysterical, spiritual lyrics like the holy Qu'Ran 
 Niggas get shook like 5-0 
 My forty-five gun's next to me when we ride, for survival 
 Money makin' plans, pistol close at hand, swollen pockets 
 Let me introduce the topic, then we drop it 
 Expose snakes 'cause they breath freely, see me ride? 
 Located world wide like the art of graffiti 
 I think I'm tougher than Nitti, my attitude is shitty 
 Born on a dope fiend's titty, huh 
 In every city you'll find me 
 Look for trouble right behind me 
 My Outlaw niggas down to die for me, knahmean? 
 I hit the scene niggas duckin from my guillotine stare 
 I'm right there; my every word, a fuckin' nightmare 
 Get me high, let me see the sun rise and fall 
 This for my dogs down to die for yours 
 Extreme venom, no mercy when we all up in 'em 
 Cut 'em down... to Hell is where we send 'em 
 My whole team, trained to explode ride or die 
 Murder motherfuckers lyrically, and I'm not gon' cry 
 Me - a born leader never leave the block without my heater 
 Two big pits, I call them my bitch nigga eaters 
 And not a whimper till I'm gone 
 Thug Life runnin' through my veins so I'm strong 
 (Ha ha ha) 
 Bye bye bye, let's get high and ride 
 Oh, how do we do these niggas but I'm not gon' cry 
 I'm a Bad Boy killa, Jay-Z die too 
 Lookin' out for Mobb Deep, nigga when I find you 
 Weak motherfuckers don't deserve to breathe 
 How many niggas down to die for me? Yeah-yeay! 
 West coast ridah, comin' right behind ya 
 Should've never fucked wit me 
 I want money hoes sex and weed 
 I won't rest till my road dawgs free, bomb first! 
 We, bomb first when we ride 
 Please, reconsider 'fo you die 
 We ain't even come to hurt nobody tonight 
 But it's my life or yo' life, and I'ma bomb first 
 We, bomb first when we ride 
 Please, reconsider 'fo you die 
 We ain't even come to fight tonight 
 But it's my life or yo' life, and I'ma bomb first 
 For so many days and some many ways we've been duckin strays 
 They delivers, but we still some Bad Boy killers 
 Got nothin' to lose, I gots no where to go 
 I only got one home, see me stranded on Death Row 
 With Outlawz, it's Makaveli, be the general 
 And I be a soldier on a mission 
 Sent to do, what you'll never do 
 And that's ride for the cause 
 Yes I'll die for the cause 
 Ya best believe if I'ma leave this bitch 
 Yo I'm dyin' with yours 
 Kamikaze, sicker than a muh'fuckin' Nazi 
 Got a little question for that nigga that made "Paparazzi" 
 If you ain't in this rap game, for the motherfuckin' cash mayne 
 Then what is your motherfuckin' purpose? None can serve us 
 E.D.I. Amin born worthless 
 That's until the day, I decided to bomb first biatch! 
 Your style wack as ever, like you was rockin' patent leather 
 Causin' massive terror, y'all niggas lack, you ain't thorough 
 Half rapper half drug kingpin 
 Yer tellin' fairy tales dunn 
 "King of New York," like you the motherfuckin one? 
 But I'm from Jerz and we don't play that shit 
 From the Claire down to Newark Bricks, all my niggas flippin chips 
 Gettin' rich, even though it's hard 
 Tryin' to creep through these halls and brawls 
 Without scarred by a revolv' 
 With no warnin' signs, 'cause yo my man took five 
 Now I'm the young one with the nine, ready to put in my time 
 Shoot first, look at they head burst bleedin' 
 Don't want to hear no shit this evenin', believe me 
 We, bomb first when we ride 
 Please, reconsider 'fo you die 
 G's, and thug niggas on the rise 
 Plan-plot-strategize, and bomb first 
 We, bomb first when we ride 
 Please, reconsider 'fo you die 
 G's, and thug niggas on the rise 
 Plan-plot-strategize, and bomb first