I been in L.A. too long 
 How I see the same bitches everywhere I go? 
 It don't really matter where they from 
 Actin' or a model, heard it all before 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? 
 Yeah, yeah 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 I hit your DM, baby 
 Took the screenshot, yeah, you tried to play me 
 I bet this shit was good for your reputation 
 I just let it go, so I could see you naked 
 Holy moly, look at what you rolled in 
 Million followers, but your bumpers broken 
 What's your focus? Tell me what your goal is 
 I know you only like me 'cause I just spent a hundred bands in one night 
 Spent a hundred bands in one night 
 I know you wanna live this life 
 But I can't make a ho a housewife (oh, no) 
 What's your name? Who's your daddy? 
 Is he rich like me? Is he rich like me? 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 I been in L.A. too long 
 How I see the same bitches everywhere I go? 
 It don't really matter where they from 
 Actin' or a model, heard it all before 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? (uh, yeah) 
 Yeah, yeah 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? (Gerald) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah (uh) 
 Everywhere I go I see the same ho 
 Always post selfies on the 'Gram from a angle, a Catfish 
 Hollywood devil, not a angel 
 Her bag is Chanel, but she drive a Durango 
 Yeah, and I'm gettin' to the queso 
 Woke and I'm hip to the game, so I'm thankful 
 OGs put me on tours, so I'm laced, bro 
 Real recognizin' that you don't speak the lingo 
 Clothes all new, not a wrinkle 
 Givin' you the game, gettin' sprinkled 
 Bottles on deck, and my drink full 
 I turn to a beast, I'm a dog, I'm a pitbull 
 This life did it to me, I can't switch back 
 If I take her then you'll never get your bitch back 
 Yeah, the beat knockin', yeah, this shit clap 
 Welcome to the west it's where people gettin' rich at, ay 
 I been in L.A. too long (G) 
 How I see the same bitches everywhere I go? (It's Eazy, you know?) 
 It don't really matter where they from (yee, yee, yee) 
 Actin' or a model, heard it all before (ay) 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? (west side nigga) (how?) 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? (hol' up, let me talk my shit, hol' up) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 I been in L.A. too long 
 Me and my bros hit the same hoes 
 L.A., Hollywood, that's some Valley hoes 
 Do I know how to fuck? They all know 
 Yeah, yeah, fuck it, go down baby, you ratchet 
 I'm with the program, baby (yeah) 
 Word in the streets, you with the whole town, baby 
 I'm tryna do it for the brother like Motown, baby (for the record) 
 She fucked the L.A. Laker for the record 
 She fucked a Dodger baseball player for the record 
 She fucked the head of my record label (ooh) 
 How you think she been so stable? 
 Ah damn, ah damn, but she down to fuck 
 Designer everything, Benz Truck 
 Pullin' up with you friend, tell me who she is 
 Oh, never mind, my friend fucked 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? (haha, never mind my friend fucked) 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? (haha, never mind my friend fucked) 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? (I see the same bitch) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Population four million, how I see the same bitches? (I see the same bitch)