Intro Lil' Jon 
 Usher 
 Lil' Jon 
 Ludacris 
 Usher with Lil' Jon 
 Yeah, man 
 Once again, it's on It's on 
 You know we had to do it again, right? 
 Lil' Jon 
 We had to do it again, 
 Want you to sing to these ladies, man 
 Usher (with vocalizing) 
 (Ohohohoh) 
 A'ight, so I'm up first? A'ight, lemme have it... 
 (Ohohohoh) 
 Let's do it... 
 1st Verse Usher 
 Baby, how ya doin'? 
 Hope that 'cha fine, wanna know what you got in mind tonight, 
 Got me feenin' like Jodeci, girl, I can't leave you alone, 
 Take a shot of this here Patron' and it's gon' be on, 
 V.I.P. done got way too crowded, 
 I'm about to end up callin' it a night, 
 You should holla at 'cha girl, tell her you shakin' the scene, 
 Pull off, beepbeep, shotgun in a GT with me 
 She said, "Ohoh, I'm ready to ride, yeah," 
 "'Cause once you get inside, you can't change your mind," 
 "Don't mean to sound impatient, but you gotta promise, baby, oh..." 
 Chorus Usher 
 Tell me again (Tell me again, my baby), 
 That we'll be Lovers and Friends (Oh, I gotta know, baby, aw yeah) 
 Tell me again (Make sho' your right, oh, before we leave), 
 That we'll be Lovers and Friends (Oh, oh it's a good look, baby)...(a really good look baby) 
 2nd Verse Ludacris 
 Look here! 
 Sometime I wanna be your lover, 
 Sometime I wanna be your friend, 
 Sometime I wanna hug ya, 
 Hold hands, slowdance while the record spins, 
 Opened up your heart 'cause you said I made you feel so comfortable, 
 Used to play back then, now you all grownup like Rudy Huxtable, 
 I could be your bud, you could beat me up, 
 Playfight in the dark, then we both make love, 
 I'd do anything just to feel your butt, 
 Why you got me so messed up? 
 I don't know, but you gotta stop trippin', 
 Be a good girl now, turn around, and get these whippings, 
 You know you like it like that, 
 You don't have to fight back, 
 Here's a pillow bite... that, 
 And I'll be settin' separate plays, 
 So on all these separate days, 
 Your legs can go they separate... ways... 
 Chorus Usher 
 Tell me again (Tell me again, my baby), 
 That we'll be Lovers and Friends (Oh, it's a good look, baby) 
 Tell me again (Tell me overandoverandover again), 
 That we'll be Lovers and Friends (Make sho' you right, before you choose)... 
 3rd Verse Lil' Jon 
 I's been know you fo' a long time (shorty'), 
 But fuckin' never crossed my mind (shorty'), 
 But tonight, I seen sumthin' in ya (shorty), 
 That made me wanna get wit 'cha (shorta'), 
 But You ain't been nuttin' but a friend to me (shorty'), 
 And a nigga never ever dreamed to be (shorty'), 
 Up in here, kissin', huggin', squeezin', touchin' (shorty'), 
 Up in the bathtub, rubadubbin' (shorty'), 
 Are you sure you wanna go this route? (shorty'), 
 Let a nigga know before I pull it out (shorty'), 
 I would never ever cross the line (shorty'), 
 Shorta'let me hear you tell me one mo' time... one mo' time... 
 Chorus Usher 
 Tell me again (Tell me again, my baby), 
 That we'll be Lovers and Friends (Oh, it's a good look, baby) 
 Tell me again (Make sho' you right, oh, before we leave), 
 That we'll be Lovers and Friends (Tell me overandoverandover again)... 
 Outro Usher 
 Ahahhoo 
 Ahahhooo 
 Ahahhooohhhhyeah yeah yeah... 
 Ludacris with Lil' Jon 
 Please tell your Lovers and Friends, 
 That Ursher, Jon, and Luda had to do it again Hey! (Hey!) 
 Uh, please tell your Lovers and Friends, 
 That Ursher, Jon, and Luda had to do it again, that's right Hey! (Hey!) yeah 
 Please tell your Lovers and Friends, 
 That Usher, Jon, and Luda had to do it again (hey, hey)