(Snoop Dogg) 
 Yo what up this big snoop dogg. Hanging out with my nephew usher one time. Aye yo usher I'm bout to holla at this lil freak right here 'cause uh she keep looking at me like she wanna do it to me haha and you know me I love to do it ain't nothing to it but to do it ima holla at her real quick and you do the hook and then we do it together something like this 
 Kiss you hug you squeeze you love you touch you rub you make you love me can you do that for me put that hot loving on me. Get real lets chill we can do whatever you want it's all on you it's how you feel. See I've been watching you not like stalking you 'cause I been seeing you pass I ain't said too much to you but that don't mean that I don't want that ass. I'm saying no time for playing 'cause if we get together I'm telling you you'll never ever had yeah you bad I gota get you to the pad rub your neck caress your chest kiss your ears and make you laugh grab the camera take some pictures as we pose I just bought you a dozen roses, roses 
 (Usher) 
 I got two dozen roses and card that says baby I can't wait to see you later. We made dinner reservations at Nobu or Mr. Chow's you just pick the location. Now were sitting at the table sipping the finest wine having a damn good time I know what's on your mind. I want you, you want me too, stop fronting I know exactly what you wanna 
 Do it to me, I wanna feel you touch my body baby, body baby. Do it to me I guarantee you won't regret it let me set it out like you ain't never had it. Do it to me, I want you to grab me talk to me tell me how you like where you want it when you're all up on it ooh do it to me and I'm gonna give it to you were gone make this a night to remember 
 (Snoop Dogg) 
 Caviar and Cadillacs rubbin oils on your back making you feel like you bout to catch a heart attack D-O double gizzle dizzle girl this thing is off the hizzle have a slice get nice gone cut yourself a little don't it make you feel good 'cause I does it real good and take you out in a 6 deuce 'cause you know I'm all hood I'll love you down and rub your cat you know if you kiss me girl then I'll kiss you back I'll Betty Wright cha very right cha just met ya barely like ya I just wanna please you and like ah dynamite cha if you give it to me I'll give it to you if you do it to me then I'll do it to you 
 Do it to me, I wanna feel you touch my body baby, body baby. Do it to me I guarantee you won't regret it let me set it out like you ain't never had it. Do it to me, I want you to grab me talk to me tell me how you like where you want it when you're all up on it ooh do it to me and I'm gonna give it to you were gone make this a night to remember 
 Were gone make this the night to remember for all the ladies out there you know wassup snoop dogg and usher do it to me and I'll do it to you haha