I can't let nothing come in between the two of us 
 'Cause it's' like your all I need since we been together and 
 Whenever I'm in need of a little love 
 It's' okay for me to open up but I just can't give me heart to anyone 
 Cause... 
 Some only call it a life for a season and stay a while to give you a reason to put in your every thing and to think that it's forever 
 But you've given me someone that I can believe in I know there will be times we can't come to an agreement but I know that we'll figure out the ups and down 
 Tell me are you willing to take a chance? Baby if so 
 Here we go, let me put you in my hand, I wanna be your man 
 Let's do it right, so that you'll be with me a lifetime 
 You know and I know... don't' think that I'm talking crazy, your mama and my mama want some grand babies 
 I used to think that it was hopeless and that I should just give it up but I couldn't stop until I found myself a good girl to be in love with 
 I checked every state and city and looked all around the world and I'm proud to say that my search ends here cause your one in a million to me and I can't let you go 
 Some only call it a life for a season and stay around to give you a reason and to put in your every thing to think it's forever... but you've given me someone that I can believe it I know there will be times we can't come to an agreement but I know that we'll figure out the ups and downs. Tell me are you willing to take a chance? Baby if so... 
 Here we go, let me put you in my hand, come on I wanna be your man 
 Let's do it right, so that you'll be with me a lifetime 
 You know and I know... that I ain't talking crazy, come on your mama and my mama want some grand babies so won't you be with me a lifetime. 
 Listen, season are truly meant to chance however, love can be the reason you fall and when you find that special someone you'd be willing to give them a lifetime, I love you and I choose you... follow me. 
 Some only call it a life for a season and stay around to give you a reason and to put in your every thing to think it's forever... but you've given me someone that I can believe in I know there will be times we can't come to an agreement but I know that we'll figure out the ups and downs. Tell me are you willing to take a chance? Baby if so... 
 Here we go, let me put you in my hand, come on I wanna be your man 
 Let's do it right, so that you'll be with me a lifetime 
 You know and I know... that I ain't talking crazy, come on your mama and my mama want some grand babies so won't you be with me a lifetime.