(ITunes Deluxe Edition Track) 
 (Feat. Young Jeezy and T.I.) 
 T.I.: 
 I wanna see ya late night when the club stay hyped 
 How ya dance on the floor make me wanna lay pipe[?] 
 Look so good, smell so nice how ya throw 
 Ya legs up in the air so high 
 Feel so good been there no lie 
 Can't break my bank don't care go try 
 Gotta watch and a bottle of patron on ice 
 Take one of these and begin your flight 
 Neva had so much fun in yo life 
 Help me help you get it in don't fight 
 Everything you like gettn done all night 
 Make DJ's play this song all night 
 Butt so round wanna touch that now 
 Owned my own club I shut that down 
 Just to watch you go up and down 
 Hit it from behind when you look back 'round 
 Give it to ya real 'cause I love that sound 
 You was a good girl you a nympho now 
 Hey try to keep up with the tempo now 
 I beat that thang up then slow down 
 Hey pull your hair smack your rear 
 Baby chill just let go have no fear 
 Want you so bad I'm so sincere 
 Don't care who sees let's go get geared 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 Usher: 
 (Listen) Got some friends rollin' with you baby then that's cool (that's cool, that's cool) 
 You can leave 'em with my niggaz let 'em know that I got you (got u, got u) 
 If you didn't know, you're the only thing that's on my mind (my mind, my mind) 
 Cause the way you staring miss you got me wantin to give it to you all night 
 Lookin' in your eyes while you on the other side 
 I can't take it no more baby I'm comin' for you 
 You keep doin' it on purpose whindin and workin' it 
 If we close our eyes it could be just me and you 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 Young Jeezy: 
 I'm what you want, I'm what you need 
 He got you trapped, I'll set you free 
 Sexually, mentally, physically, emotionally 
 I'll be like your medicine, you'll take every dose of me 
 It's going down on isle 3. I'll bag you like some groceries 
 And every time you think about it you gon' want some more of me 
 Bout to hit the club, make a movie yeah rated R 
 Pulled up like a trap star, that's if you had 
 (In the car) Have you ever made love to a thug in the club with his sights on? 
 87 Jeans and a fresh pair of Nikes on 
 On the couch, on the table, on the bar, or on the floor 
 You can meet me in the bathroom yeah you know I'm tryna go 
 Usher: 
 Might as well give me a kiss, if we keep touchin like this 
 I know you scared baby, They don't know what we doin' 
 Let's both get undressed right here, keep it up girl I swear, I'm a give it to you non stop 
 And I don't care, who's watchin... watchin... watchin 
 (Watchin watchin... oh... in this club, on the floor, baby's just makin' love) 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 I wanna make love in this club 'ey (in this club 'ey in this club 'ey) 
 (Lovin' in... lovin' in this club. 'ey... yeah... ey... ey... love... in the club... in the club, your the one, can you freak me babe?) 
 (Ey) [x7] 
 (Usher) 
 In the back, on the side, in the front. ya ya ya ya