Yo Ush 
 What up Kels 
 Wanna introduce you to this girl, think I really love this girl 
 Yeah? 
 Man she so fine 
 Straight up dawg? 
 She stand about 5'4" coke cola red bone 
 Damn 
 She drives a black Durango license plate say "Angel" tattoo on her ankle 
 Plus she's making paceos got a crib on Peachtree right on 17th street 
 And I call her "TT" 
 Wait a minute hold on dawg do she got a kid? 
 Yep ... 
 She love some waffle house? 
 Yep 
 Do she got a beauty mark on her left side of her mouth? 
 Man? 
 Went to Georgia Tech? 
 Yep 
 Works for TBS? 
 Yep 
 Man, I can't believe this shit damn mm 
 Tell me what's wrong dawg, what the hell you damning about 
 I'm your homie so just say what's on your mind 
 Man I didn't know that you were talking about her 
 So man you're telling me you know her? 
 Do I know her? like a pastor knows word 
 We messing with the same girl same girl same girl 
 How could the love of my life, and my potential wife be the 
 Same girl, same girl, same girl 
 Man I can't believe that we've been messing with the 
 Same girl, same girl, same girl 
 Thought she someone that I can trust 
 But she's been doubling up with us 
 U K, man we've been messing with the same girl 
 See I met her at this party in Atlanta 
 Well I met her in this party in Chicago 
 She came right up to me given me conversation 
 I said do you got a man she sad no, with no hesitation 
 Well it must be a music things 'cause she said the same to me 
 At a party all in my face, when I'm laughin' and buyin her drinks 
 And she whispered in my ear, said can you take me home? 
 Me too 
 Man she was in the chi singin' that same song 
 Is that true? 
 And I thought it was true confession when she said 
 I love you 
 Man I thought her body was calling when she said 
 I want you 
 Look I even got some pictures on my phone 
 Looky there, there she is some boys shorts on 
 We messing with the same girl same girl same girl 
 She's the apple of my eye, and my potential wife be the 
 Same girl, same girl, same girl 
 Man I can't believe that we've been messing around with the same damn girl 
 Same girl, same girl, same girl damn 
 Thought she someone that I can trust 
 But she's been doubling up with both of us 
 U K, man we've been messing with the same girl 
 She said she got me on ringtone 
 Are you talking about the pink phone 
 Mm-mm the blue one 
 Man she told me that one was turned off 
 Its obvious that she been playing us playing us 
 And constantly she's been lyin' to us lyin' to us 
 Don't like the way that she's been goin' 'bout it goin' 'bout it 
 Kels what do you think we should do about it do about it 
 We'll call her up at her home, she won't know that I'm on the phone 
 Yeah man that's the plan 
 Homie we about to bust this trick 
 Man just ask her to met up with you and I'm gonna show up too 
 And then she wouldn't know what to do 
 We'll be standing there singing 
 Same girl same girl same girl 
 She's was the apple of my eye, and your potential wife the 
 Same girl, same girl, same girl 
 I can't believe that we've been messing with the same girl 
 Same girl, same girl, same girl 
 She gonna be lookin' so stupid when see us together 
 U K, man we've been messing with the same girl 
 See she was taken flights going back and forth 
 I would pick her up at the airport 
 Man I really can't believe the 
 Same girl, same girl, same girl 
 Hey . The same girl same girl same girl