This is for you... imma take my time with you tonight baby... 
 Can I touch you like this... do you right you don't believe me.let me show you... 
 Verse 1) I've been waiting all this time for you and I and everything I wanna do I have 
 Girl your so hot you burn everything insight your so fire 
 Hook) whoa... I can't... wait I can show you what this mean feed you slow 
 And make you fein whoa... yours so hot you burn a hole in my dreams 
 Your so fire (your so fire) 
 Verse 2) in the middle of the night get so lonely nothing but these pillows 
 And bed sheets I need you next to me I have visions in my mind of you on 
 Me of the better things the wetter thing you know what I mean... yeah 
 Hook) I've been waiting all this time for you and I. and everything I wanna do 
 I have in mind girl your so hot you burn everything insight your so fire... yeah. 
 Whoa... I can't wait I can show you what this means feed you slow and make 
 You fein whoa... your so hot you burn a hole in my dreams... your so fire 
 (Your so fire) 
 Verse 3) you think I'm silly when I bite but your tasty you make my body heat up in 
 Human extacy... it's a sexii lullaby to you from me. it get so deep I mean so deep till we 
 Fall asleep (ah) I been waiting all this time for you and I... and everything I 
 Wanna do I have in mind... girl your so hot you burn everything insight your so 
 Fire 
 Whoa... your so fire whoa... I can't wait I can show you what this means 
 Feed you slow and make you fein whoa... you so hot you burn a hole in my 
 Dreams your so fire... your so fire 
 Verse 4) its okay lets say that what we're doing is dangerous love sex passion 
 Heat and you are cravin... hotter than sex and motion pictures in entertainments 
 While sweatin bodies steaming. 
 Whoa... I can't... wait I can show you what this means feed you slow and make 
 You fein whoa... your so hot you burn a hole in my dreams your so fire baby... yeah 
 Yes you are your so fire your so hot its good to me (to you from me) you set me on fire 
 What your doing to me I know your gonna like it your so hot its good me (to you from me) 
 You set me on fire what your doing to me (fades away)