(Violent J) 
 Bitch back up cause your dimmin' my shine 
 You got nine kids, only two of them mine 
 I get you cigarettes, weed, pampers, and similac 
 Bitch start giving back, fuck hittin' that 
 Your shit loop like a bowl of soup 
 And every time I'm with you, I'm smelling nothing but baby poop 
 You got WIC food stamps, and ADC 
 Why you still fucking with me, you dirty scoundrel 
 And I'ma murder any friend of the court 
 Throw a bomb in they office on the way to the airport 
 Then blast off, catch a flight to another life 
 Five baby mommas every one of them trife? hoes 
 They won't stifle, always wanna fight and for what 
 Get the rifle one to her butt, POP! 
 I won't have it, bitches won't fly straight 
 And I got two more bitches callin' sayin' they late 
 Baby momma blues 
 Deadbeat moms are chasing me ain't no one on my side 
 I'm packin all my shit up and I'm taking off tonight 
 Bitch leave me alone 
 (Esham) 
 Fuck my baby momma, with that baby drama 
 Callin' me while I'm in the Bahamas with Lana and Donna 
 Two freaks that I met with the hummer from last summer 
 Anyway bitch, how'd you get my new number 
 Fuck my baby momma, she need a new weed? 
 That bitch did something that I couldn't believe 
 She called up a priest, she called the police 
 And then called a lawyer and took half of my piece 
 Fuck my baby momma, I can't see it like Stevie Wonder 
 All I know is when it rains it thunders 
 My baby momma took me under 
 Fuck my baby momma, and my thirty kids 
 Don't tell me bout shit that none of them did 
 To all you deadbeat moms, who be bringin' the drama 
 Fuck you in front of the court, and fuck my baby momma 
 Deadbeat moms are chasing me ain't no one on my side 
 I'm packin all my shit up and I'm taking off tonight 
 (Shaggy 2 Dope) 
 I got the baby momma blues from in my shoes 
 You don't love them kids, you only keep them to use 
 You breathe fire, all your baby daddies are rappers 
 How that happen? 
 You got me plottin' a kidnapping 
 Baby momma, baby momma, baby momma, fuck off! 
 All I know, you shoulda just jacked me off 
 He looks like me, bitch, he looks just like you 
 Damn, just a piece of neden? 
 Bitch, I bought you a trailer, it wasn't enough 
 You met some punk and he stole your stuff 
 You wrecked your car they cut off your phone 
 Baby mommas blowin' me up 
 Ain't nobody home! 
 How much money, just for three kids 
 I got three other hoes layin' down they bids 
 Don't think I won't choke out all 4 of they faces 
 I got baby mommas in phenomenal places 
 Deadbeat moms are chasing me ain't no one on my side 
 I'm packin all my shit up and I'm taking off tonight 
 Leave me alone 
 (Esham) 
 There you have it, man 
 These hoes done lost they minds, man 
 These hoes keep tryin' to hit a brother with charges 
 So I just keep on hittin' them with gauges 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 These hoes can just jump up off me man 
 I don't give a fuck what the DMA say, you hear what I'm sayin'? 
 Fuck what the DMA say 
 I just had another one man 
 Yeah, it's tryna get me 
 I don't know man 
 I don't know what they gone do 
 But if they break up out this.