Red, black, and green, you know what I mean? 
 Like the devil did all this shit. 
 This is judgement day... 
 Jesus Christ is black... 
 This is judgement day... 
 Jesus is white with blond hair, and blue eyes... 
 This is judgement day... 
 Do black people get in heaven, mommy, huh? 
 This is judgement day... 
 And as leader of the KKK, kill all niggers! 
 Judgement day, 666, no time to pray, so don't say amen, 
 We're headin' for Armaggedon, 
 I'm bleedin' as I'm sweatin', 
 As I walk the flatlines, we're runnin' outta time. 
 Dead by day is what I said sometimes though, 
 I'd rather be dead is what I said so take it slow. 
 Time to pay back, so hit the play back, 
 Visions of killin' preachers in a psychotic flash back. 
 God's gonna get me, that's what they told me a minute ago, 
 The fallen angel strangle seven row, 
 And in that time I learned one thing, jack, 
 Follow the yellow brick road, and don't look back. 
 Now they tryin' to get me, but I'ma get you first, 
 The unholy dead, so now I think it's much worse. 
 Good and evil collide, Jeckel and nigga hyde, 
 Put 'em together and you get another homicide. 
 Suicidal tendencies tend to get in the way, 
 Face your sins, Armaggedon, it's judegment day. 
 Day of judgement, God is calling! 
 And as God has struck the hour... 
 Thou shall not sin, so I grin as I sing a song, 
 Who the fuck are you, to tell me what's right and wrong? 
 Death is in my eyes, I wear no disguise, 
 You're gonna pay for those little white lies. 
 No more Mr. nice guy, I filibust, 
 When I said fuck you, I was disgusted, 
 But you can't trust it, 'cause I can't trust it, 
 Reverend Swagger, the preacher busted. 
 You're goin' to hell, for all your sins, 
 Pins and needles, needles and pins. 
 Voodoo doctor, on the rocks with vodka, 
 The preacher got busted with a whore, got ya! 
 Man on the moon, but still can't fly right, 
 Now he's gonna fake his death, he can't die right. 
 Selling Bibles on the corner but you'll pay, 
 For all your sins, it's judgement day. 
 Day of judgement, God is calling! 
 Satan laughing spreads his wings, Oh lord yeah! 
 You mutha fuckin' sinner, blind ass bitch, 
 Stealin' from the poor, just to get rich. 
 Judgement day, you're gonna pay and you'll burn, 
 They're gonna tie your ass to a stake and let ya burn. 
 For all that punk ass shit you tried, Praise the lord! 
 Bitch be quiet! 
 'Cause you can't brain wash me, I'm not brain dead, 
 You're better off takin' two to the head. 
 Judgement day, Armaggedon is on it's way, 
 Now the last thing you wanna do is pray. 
 You say you're sorry for all those things you did, 
 But that don't work. 
 You say you're sorry for all those souls you stole, 
 But that don't work. 
 You say you're sorry for stealin' that money out the collection plate, 
 Now meet your fate, it's judgement day! 
 Satan laughin', oh lord yeah!(14x)