Parliament-Funkadelic sample (from "Maggot Brain"): 
 "Mother Earth is pregnant for the third time 
 For y'all have knocked her up. 
 I have tasted the maggots in the mind of the Universe 
 I was not offended 
 For I knew I had to rise above it all 
 Or drown in my own shit." 
 "Mother Earth is pregnant ---" x6 
 "Mother Earth is pregnant for the third time" 
 (Esham) 
 Why would you want to make a life in this world we live in? 
 Love ain't worth a dime, so then you have nothin' to give him 
 The baby had no father, he ran out on the mama 
 So raise him as a cannibal to be like Jeffrey Dahmer 
 Your life is really worthless: you live, and then you die 
 You're gonna die, and bodies rot and then you wonder why 
 And then you live in doubt: 
 Can you live or live without? 
 The facts you know, you can't afford to feed another mouth 
 Your head is steady spinnin 
 The Devil's steady grinnin 
 While you was steady sinning 
 From the very first beginning 
 Is it a boy or a girl? 
 I think I should be feral 
 You should terminate it, because it's a lousy world 
 Your life is on the line 
 You're out your fuckin' mind 
 You gotta do it soon, 'cause you're runnin' outta time 
 It's just another embryo attached to an umbilical 
 You can let that baby grow, but I'd kill it though 
 - (Esham) KKKill the fetus------- 
 - (Unknown singer) "It's a lousy world" 
 - (Reporter) "He's fighting for his life..." 
 - [Parliament-Funkadelic sample] "Mother Earth is pregnant for the third time" 
 - (Woman #1) "Cool my hot ass down!" 
 - (Esham) KKKill the fetus------- 
 - (Unknown singer) "It's a lousy world" 
 - (Indistinct sample #2) 
 - [Parliament-Funkadelic sample] "Mother Earth is pregnant for the third time" 
 (Esham) 
 The baby's premature 
 The mother is a whore 
 Contemplatin suicide, so what you waitin for? 
 I think I heard it kicking, but that's a normal state 
 Jam a hanger in ya asshole until your water breaks 
 You better use some caution 
 Givin' yourself an abortion 
 Death's the only way to solve a suicide solution 
 So here's my contribution 
 My suicide solution 
 You play the game of death, but then you can't win or lose it 
 You wonder if you want this 
 Or should you kill the fetus? 
 Life is just a waste, so then you oughta just delete this 
 "Problem to society"? 
 Society's the problem 
 My suicide solution is a .38 revolver [gunshot] 
 I'm your problem solver 
 Your life is full of horror 
 Some are born today, and some will die tomorrow [girl screams] 
 Vaginal tissue's torn 
 Your pussy's kinda worn 
 I think I oughta warn you if you're having a new boy 
 You're in your own perspective 
 There is one contraceptive 
 Your EPT is positive 
 So you can't let that baby live 
 It's just another embryo attached to an umbilical 
 You can let that baby grow, but I'd kill it though 
 - (Esham) KKKill the fetus--------- (x2) 
 - [Parliament-Funkadelic sample] "Mother Earth is pregnant ---"] (x6 over woman #2) 
 - (Woman #2) "The seventh boyfriend could fuck good and that's all... The seventeenth boyfriend had a herpes dick... The hundredth boyfriend hypnotized my Vagina..." 
 (Esham) 
 The planet's really fucked 
 So now you're kinda stuck 
 You should have thought about it before you busted the nut 
 It is a lousy world, I live a lousy life 
 I think I oughta stab ya in the stomach with a knife 
 Or push you down a flight of steps 
 Until you fall and break ya neck 
 Did a little damage 
 Can you manage a miscarriage? 
 Life is not a choice, 
 death 
 is the alternative, 
 Or should you let it grow up in this fucked up world that we live in? 
 These are the consequences 
 Add one more to the State Census 
 Born to die in poverty, so tell me, what's its sisters? 
 It's just another embryo attached to an umbilical 
 You can let that baby grow, but I'd kill it though 
 - (Esham) KKKill the fetus------- 
 - (Unknown singer) "It's a lousy world" 
 - (Woman #1) "I've been through this before, baby --- cool my hot ass down!" 
 - (Esham) KKKill the fetus------- 
 - (Unknown singer) "It's a lousy world" 
 - [Parliament-Funkadelic sample] "Mother Earth is pregnant for the third time" 
 (Woman #1) 
 "Cool my hot ass down!" (x4) 
 (Woman #3) 
 "When another one of his girlfriends comes along, he'll think of ME when he fucks her!" (Repeat till fade)