Daddy takes a dip in his daughter at night, 
 She doesn't put up a fight 'cause he said it's all right. 
 You make her feel like a woman, but nevermind she's a child, 
 All the pain she feels so she flaunts with a smile. 
 She thinks daddy really loves her but he's only a freak, 
 I bet he wishes he was in, her pussy was real deep. 
 I think it's really a shame, he should be shackled in chains, 
 But instead you gave him head and in your mouth he came. 
 You were sexually molested as a child but still blessed, 
 The dick that gave you life with incest. 
 Instead the thought is still lurkin' in your head, 
 'Cause he raped you and got in the bed, 
 With your mother, and you knew she knew about it, 
 But daddy always told her to keep quiet about it. 
 Now no one will ever know, he makes you feel like a hoe, 
 Daddy's little girl is daddy's little hoe. 
 And even though to the preacher you confessed, 
 How he made you undress, you're still livin' in incest. 
 Nasty little girl but not that smart, 
 'Cause you got a kick out of daddy touchin' your private parts. 
 Not old enough to do so the fool was sin free, 
 Ask Roseanne Barr or Oprah Winnphrey. 
 How it feels to be touched by the man who made you, 
 After so long, daddy didn't have to make you, 
 Give him constant satisfaction, 
 Suckin' more dick than Latoya Jackson. 
 Her father even raped her too, that's another one, 
 Matter of fact, I think her brother Michael is her son. 
 I think Michael got fucked in his ass when he was younger, 
 Now he's lookin' just like a bitch and I wonder, 
 The daddy's jokery treatin' them kids like hoes, 
 Latoya tryed to tell it but nobody really knows. 
 Shame on daddy, daddy should be dead, 
 What goes on inside daddy's bed? 
 One big orgy with the family, 
 So you're all going to hell, 'cause you're livin' in incest. 
 I knew something was weird about your daddy when I first met him, 
 That look in his eyes I won't forget 'em. 
 He act like he didn't want me takin' you out, 
 Like your house was a prison, I was breakin' you out. 
 See there's this problem with your daddy and I know it's true, 
 He don't want nobody else fuckin' you. 
 Tell me really do he be takin' what's yours, 
 What goes on behind closed doors. 
 Daddy's little girl becomes daddy's prostitute, 
 Suckin' and fuckin', cold knockin' them betty boots. 
 Get ready to be sweaty, 'cause I know your daddy's ready, 
 Choppin' the pussy like a machete and rockin' steady. 
 As she goes just like a whore, 
 She knows what she's in for behind closed doors. 
 Will it ever rest? 
 Make it get off your chest. 
 Because your livin' in incest.