This is the season... 
 To fear young black men, hell black men period. 
 Espically while they kill themselves. 
 It is contagous, this virus, this violence. (splatter his blood) 
 Huh? What did (splatter his blood) you just say? 
 Is he dead? (splatter his blood) 
 I don't under (splatter his blood) stand this. 
 Don't you know... 
 Esham's back with another wicket track 
 Some old wicket shit and all that 
 A new era, I'll bring the terror plus the funk 
 You can't rock me so don't try to copy my format 
 Like liquid drano but it's acid rap 
 I'm a soloist so no one has to pass it back 
 You wanna get rid of me, I'm the epitomy 
 Suckaz don't consider me 'cause they ain't shit to me 
 See I get funky like dog shit 
 And don't step to me raw 'cause I ain't havin' it 
 And if I see a microphone I'm grabbin it 
 And like a knife to your mind I'm stabbin it 
 The U-N-H-O-L-Y fuckin' it up daily 
 Now I'm in your system so how you gonna play me, PUNK 
 I drop the funk like a bad habit 
 You still chasin after tricks like a silly rabbit 
 Show respect to the motherfuckin man 
 'Cause I'm makin' more music then your body can stand. 
 Makin' more music then your body can stand 
 Fell this, Music... 
 Makin' more music then your body can stand 
 If... you... feel... good... I'm your maaan 
 I'm like a gypsy with a crystal ball 
 And I've seen the future for all of y'all 
 And it state's that I got a life long faith 
 To kick the wicket shit and I'll never get in heaven's gates 
 Twelve inch plates like brimstone 
 And don't play my jams alone 
 'Cause the devils in my microphone 
 Musical madness finna self destruct 
 The devil is my logo, but it's Reel Life Product 
 Check mic one, two, then send a shout to 
 All the brothaz down with the RLP crew 
 Only real niggaz rock real shit 
 But don't fucker 'cause you know how ill I can get 
 I put bit after bit makin' hit after hit 
 And if your down with Esham then your sayin' that's the shit 
 Grab the microphone and blaze it like a gan 
 'Cause I'm makin' more music then your body can stand 
 Makin' more music then your body can stand 
 Fell this, Music... 
 Makin' more music then your body can stand 
 If... you... feel... good... I'm your maaan 
 The radio say I'm wild 'cause I flow freestyle 
 So pop my tape in and fuck the radio dial 
 They wont play me 'cause I be the Unholy 
 Now how dat sound? 
 So I had to go underground 
 Now you got the ghetto devil 
 On a different level 
 Bass and Treble 
 Now they tryin' put my records on freeze 
 But they can't touch these so nigga, nigga please 
 Get back fore I get my backpack 
 Esham's gunnin down the whole wackpack 
 You can run, but you can't hide 
 The only way out is suicide 
 Through the rythym, throat's I'm slittin em 
 And if they ask me how I did em 
 I'ma say I let the rythym hit em 
 No rapper can fuck with me 
 'Cause 24-7 days a week I be 
 Makin' more music then your body can stand 
 Fell this, Music... 
 Makin' more music then your body can stand 
 If... you... feel... good... I'm your maaan