(Esham) 
 Mama was a junkie, sometimes I used to wonder. 
 Whether she would better of a live or six feet under. 
 Late nights go by no sleep, born into a junkies world, 
 It's so deep. 
 Crack pipes, crack valves, cracked up person. 
 Somedays its bad and other days much worst. 
 Used to never go to sleep in fear, trying to hid the pain. 
 And front like I didn't care. 
 The neighborhood knew just what had happen to me, 
 At night they said the devil was rappin' to me. 
 But on the streets I could feel my mothers heartbeat, 
 And every time she gets frightened, It quickly repeats. 
 The way a junkie lives and what the junkie gives, 
 Hard times, and problems and stress with their own kids, 
 No sense in rehibilation, growing up in humilation, 
 The aroma of base makes me choak. I could almost 
 Die of the crack smoke. Different men, going out, 
 And coming in and in my eyes I witnessed the first 
 Peoples sin, and I was only three, they thought I couldn't, 
 See. But in my eyes Momma was a junkie. 
 (Esham) 
 J-U-N-K-I-E to me some close their eyes and try not to 
 See. But you can still smell the sin just as well my 
 Mothers unconscience and trapped in hell. 
 Now here life is on line (line) 
 Stuck to the grind (grind) 
 Time after time (time) 
 She's on my mind (mind) 
 I'm thinking how could this happen to my mother not me bro, 
 But some nigga in my hood is slangin kilos. 
 He's got a spot around the corner fucked up crib, 
 Lord forgive her for all the things she did. 
 I'm thinking where was the police when she was 
 Buyin this, but I know that the police could 
 Give a fuck less. about a another basehead, 
 In the street. But they rather pretend they don't see it 
 When they walk the beat, a black cop ain't good for shit 
 But black male and he knows that my mothers out there 
 Smoking yale, but black cops are blind they can't see 
 Because in my eyes momma was a junkie. 
 (Esham) 
 Mama lived the fast life, pregnant at 14, 
 Back in those days it wasn't crack it was heroin, 
 Shot it in her viens to try to ease the pain, 
 An unplanned pregnancy was made then I came, 
 Straight from the wound to witness my mama's doom, 
 In and my heard, I knew it that its coming soon. 
 Of all these junkism nieghborhood critisizm, 
 Her mind was gone, I felt she needed a exorcism. 
 Speedballin booze and the fast times pretty soon, 
 My mama lost her whole fucking mind, adc welfare 
 Receiptent, three children, not enought defadent. 
 Few good times, only badtimes and worst from speedballin 
 Her motherfuckin bursts. I wish I coulda said I love you 
 Before she left, now my mind forever haunted with my 
 Mama's death, I asked my self how could this happen to 
 Me my mother o.d. 'cause my mama was a junkie.