Exclusive, A world premier 
 A world premier 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? (how ya doin') 
 Mommy how ya doin'? Boo I hope you been fine 
 Been on my mind, been a long time, I'm still on the grind 
 Can't help but think about the way you did your thang when you did it 
 You curled your toes when I hit it 
 I'd be the first to admit it, its oh so good 
 I'm feelin' you, uh uh I'm feelin' you 
 So let me be your murderer, the only one that's killing you 
 O-L-D school, kicking game since pre-school 
 Down in Miami South Beach by the pool 
 Where the girls girls be driving 'em wild 
 I tell ya one more time ma, I'm feelin' your style 
 Girl he can't be your Superman 
 But I can be your kryptonite 
 Cause you looking thick tonight 
 And I'm servin' dick tonight 
 I stick it like I kick it like 
 And no I ain't go no look-alikes 
 And when I be chargin hoes I be like I drive a hard bargain 
 I beg your pardon, boo boo 
 Never sweat'er like a fubu 
 It's true true that I'm cookoo for the chocha when I'm with you 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? (how ya doin') 
 Mommy don't mean to press the issue 
 But oh girl I miss you 
 Wanna kiss you, never diss you 
 Because what we got is so official 
 My pockets stay lumpy, cookies stay chunky 
 And I can't mess with honey if she can't pop that monkey 
 Kick me down money, ain't shit funny 
 'Cause I'm spinning on blades whether rainy or sunny 
 Momma, cookoo for the chocha, you know I never really can say goodbye, mama 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? (how ya doin') 
 I dedicate this erotic poetry to the mommies who knowin' me 
 Come blow dro with me, mommy, come flow with me 
 Go with me, roll with me, on extacy 
 Let me be me, you can be you and be free 
 We, meaning us, to just trust that this last 
 Never get back lost moments when time pass 
 Mommy cheers to you when I raise my glass 
 I hope it's always like this when we cross paths. 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? (how ya doin') 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? 
 Mommy mommy, how ya doin'? (how ya doin')