It's been along time since we last hit the sheets 
 Fucked like dogs and sweated from the body heat 
 I was movin my ass slowly and you told me to hold you 
 And like a folder, you told me to fold you 
 To the position where I get it from the backside 
 Open your legs wide and let me get inside 
 Caressin your body and your scratching my back up 
 I'm strokin and yo pussy chokin so I just slack up 
 Strok it like a real one I grab ya side 
 Ya tellin' me how it feels so good as my dick slips and slides 
 In and out ya pussy as you tell me your cummin 
 The way my dick rocked that ass I swear I was drummin 
 Here I cum, dumb ditty dumb I gotta nut so 
 Can't hold it no longer so I let it flow 
 Oh damn, oh you on the pill 
 You told me to chill 
 I didn't wear a rubber 'cause I like the real feel 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel... 
 I like a pussy to be wet, steamin hot when I get inside 
 I bet it's sweat but yet 
 Still, I don't like a dead fuck 
 Talking bout makin' love, can't even get my head sucked 
 Fuck that I'm on the other tip 
 Bitch come my way and get dick whipped 
 I like bitches, bitches let me break it down 
 Some ho's wanna fake it don't even make a sound 
 You see, I cum like the ocean and stroke like a breeze 
 The friction from my stroke made it 100 degrees 
 In the room, I ride that ass like a broom 
 This is another fuck song, this ain't a dance tune 
 I made it like this 'cause I'm not your love maker 
 I'm a back breaker, it take a strong pussy to take a 
 Dick like this, but you would love the pain 
 You would love the strain, get tired and change 
 But I'm a contain my nut until your ready to deal 
 'Cause I'm a chill and I like the real feel 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel... 
 Let's pretend we're married and carry on like fool's 
 I'll break your pussy like a high school rule 
 We're fuckin' and suckin, I'm strokin and hopin 
 You'll have the strength to keep your legs open 
 No doubt you do, so I put you in the buck 
 Your pussy lips suck every time we fuck 
 Your cummin like water and drippin from slippin 
 My dick is the belt and ya get an ass whippin 
 You love me so you take the pain, but it hurts so good 
 Flip you on yo stomach and fuck you like a man should 
 Call you my baby 'cause you fuckin' me crazy 
 My dick get's hard if you look at me or graze me 
 I'm so in love with fucking you, everyday that's what we do 
 ? Me and you F-U-C-K-I-N-G 
 I ain't tryin' to hurt your feelings 'cause you know the deal 
 I like you, but I love the feel 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel... It's just gotta be real 
 The feel...