You're better off dead. 
 You're better off dead. 
 You should kill yourself. 
 You should kill yourself. 
 You should kill yourself. 
 I hear voices in my head, tellin' me go ahead, 
 Something in my mind says, I'm better off dead. 
 13 ways and still countin' them down, 
 Nine bodies floatin' in the river and never found. 
 Seems like I'm drownin' in my own conception, 
 I'm my worst enemy with no exception. 
 Cross my heart, and hope to die in many ways, 
 I look on the bright side, but there's no better days. 
 Voices are callin' me, but I can't call 'em back, 
 I drown my sorrows in a bottle of Kodiak. 
 People say what's the matter, the sounds of pitter patter, 
 I'm losin' my mind as I'm walk up Jacob's ladder. 
 Can I find sanity, you hear what I'm sayin' man? 
 Something keeps tellin' me to kill myself, 
 God damn. 
 They think I'm better of dead, 
 But I'm losin' my mind man, 
 I hear voices in my head. 
 You're better off dead, you're better off dead (4x) 
 I hear voices in my head. You're better off dead (3x) 
 Oh Lord,(Kill yourself.) 
 I hear voices in my head, but I can't shut 'em up, 
 Tellin' me to go to sleep in the tub, and never wake up. 
 You want to talk to me, tell me somethin' I don't know, 
 When the wind blows, they come but they never go. 
 Lookie, lookie, lookie as I'm losin' my mad mind, 
 Sanity and insanity, seeds intertwine. 
 Russian Roulette, 'cause I'm kinda upset man, 
 Will I regret it in a bloody silhouette? 
 Time will tell, if I'm going to hell, 
 Took the test of life, and I believe I failed. 
 Stop who's callin' me, 
 I can hear you but can't see, 
 Could it be Dr. Kevorken, or Derrick, or Tunney? 
 Takin' the final step, the final extra snap, 
 Doctor asistant suicide, what's so complex? 
 The right to die is yours, you're better off dead, 
 My mind's playin' tricks on me, 
 'Cause I hear voices in my head. 
 You're better off dead (4x) 
 I hear voices in my head 
 You're better off dead (3x) 
 Oh Lord (Kill yourself) 
 I got the will to live, but not the right to die, 
 The voices tell me, I live my life in a lie. 
 I wanna get rid of me, myself, and I, 
 Red Rum's on my mind with no alibi. 
 I got misconceptions, of life itself, 
 Everything I do, hazardous to my health. 
 I got the witch on my back, to catch a heart attack, 
 Common sense on over, common sense I lack. 
 I got the symptoms of insanity, drivin' me insane, 
 Sendin' myself through pain, as I walk in the rain. 
 I try to close my eyes and say it's all a dream, 
 The voices will whisper, and then they start to scream. 
 I grab my head in pain, I grab my gun again, 
 Could it be I'm just lonely, or just going insane. 
 I lay my head on the pillow inside a bloody bed, 
 I got my gat in my hand, man, 
 I'ma kill these voices in my head. 
 I can't take it no more... 
 I can't take it, I'm going out my mind, 
 I'm going out my... 
 Oh shit, fuck it I'ma do it! 
 You're better off dead, anyway.