(Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X) 
 It's 2 AM in the mornin 
 Pressin my alarm again 
 Stressin over my mom and friends 
 Sometimes, I wish I was in a coma 
 Damn! Wakin' up to the cold wind 
 Sometimes, I wish I was a kid again 
 Sometimes, I don't even wanna remember it 
 Cause one time I remembered what I couldn't forget 
 Damn! My stepdad beatin' me again 
 For a bad grade, he must of had A's 
 The way he was hurtin' me in a bad way 
 My mom hearin the scream but just turned away 
 What the fuck, are you people crazy? 
 I was only a baby, five months when they gave me 
 To my grandma, who was racist 
 But I ain't give a fuck, I just faced it 
 Like mace to the police, I was danger 
 Feelin' like I'm in a manger 
 Baby Jesus, save me from the anger 
 She's tryin' to get me, into this closet I vanished quickly 
 Fuck that, I took 50 
 From her purse bag, told her "Don't miss me" 
 I ain't comin' back, catch me on another path 
 I need a bubble bath 
 Someone, take me in the plastic basket 
 Sittin' on bubble wrap, I'm abandoned 
 I need a new home, that isn't damaged 
 A family whom care, to be parents 
 Errant, my life on the mic 
 Might wasn't raised too right, so I 
 Had to decide to turn on the light 
 Do somethin' right, before I'm layin with the mice 
 Rotten alone on my neighbor's stolen bike 
 Tryin' to think what my afterlife, gon' look like 
 It gotta look right... it gotta look right... 
 Back to my bad life 
 Another day in the fast life got me feelin' like I'm on the crack pipe 
 No lie, just the thought 
 Of me gettin' that type of high, but I'm in the dark 
 Where the shadows, follow, your every walk 
 And as I move, I'm feelin' like a shopping cart 
 Gimme this, gimme that son 
 What'chu mean - ain't you supposed to be my mom? 
 Why don't you ask God, I worked hard for these two dimes 
 I care what it's worth - just the fact that it's mine 
 Check your purse, don't you got 
 My life savings that you've been savin' from birth? 
 Oh - I forgot you spent that 
 On your own gift wrap - I ain't get shit last Christmas 
 But a hug and a family wishlist for next year and shit 
 Huh! 'Round next year and shit 
 I'm gonna be on shit you can't even pronounce, in English 
 I got anger 
 That's why I paint these songs, visually painting 
 It's awful ain't it? A little (Pinky) in (The Brain) 
 But hopefully, time is the pain 
 Cause as of now, I just wanna run away... run away...