Park your whip leave the trash on the side 
 Cause once entering these gates you'll never be alive 
 Again, again please proceed to the right 
 You must be excited, the worlds best surprise 
 And soon to be captured by your eyes 
 And no capturing, leave your cameras behind 
 The only thing you need is your body and you mind 
 You can drive to the entrance but I prefer to fly 
 Grab your ticket and get in the line 
 You got pees follow me 
 And heres a map to the rides 
 I'm colorblind when it comes to the night 
 But for now take this locating device 
 Eye for an eye get ready for the time, of your life 
 It's gonna be mighty nice 
 I'm instructor outta luck-tor and don't ask why 
 I almost forgot, man goodbye 
 Id like to welcome you, all of you, to Tygas world. Where there is lots of things to do, and people to see. You might see a flying dachshund or you might see popcorn. Rot. Just playin'. Enjoy your stay, boys and girls, at Tygas World! 
 You like what you see so far, right? 
 Awesome 
 Characters, Merry-Go-Rounds, jaws droppin' 
 Mind boggling 
 Kids jogging, Magic Carpets 
 Many choices, but not a option 
 Here you will spend the rest of your life 
 I'm Just Joking 
 Just Kidding, this will be home to many 
 For many centuries 
 Check out the goldfishes 
 Theyre all dead, but still swimmin 
 Oh You think you're so fearless? 
 Ill take you on another venture 
 So I'm more scarier than your dentist 
 Its called Grimace 
 A purple like substance used for licking spirits 
 Some can say it also chose the heron 
 Explosion fire off into nighttime 
 Getting closer 
 And I think were getting closer 
 I didn't notice 
 I'm losin focus 
 Blood loosin 
 Blurry Motion 
 I'm movin 
 Oh shit 
 Now now now calm down calm down, We can't have any accidents in the park here. But uhm I hope you're having a good time, 'cause I no I am. But uhm we havent even gotten to the main attraction yet, boys and girls. Read your map, and welcome. To Tygas World! 
 You scream! You scream! 
 You're making up a scene 
 You wont feel nothing 
 Pretend its just a dream 
 Dream that you're safe and sound to sleep 
 Cause this needle here is gonna put you to sleep 
 And I'm not being funny 
 I'm just following the money 
 Boss man says I'm just working for him 
 You're soon gonna meet him 
 Just don't be afraid as his facial features look like a pizza 
 Freddy Krueger, the movie, have you seen it? 
 Well this is sorta the same the doctor dreamin' 
 And might try escaping 
 You wouldve got away if it wasn't for this nine inch tazer 
 The torture isn't over 
 There's more 
 More! 
 More! 
 And more 
 Now give me your soul 
 And enjoy your stay at Tygas World! 
 Haha I wanna thank you for leaving your soul tonight. 
 And um you guys have been a great audience and I have been a great host 
 My name is Tyga, man. Well Tyga Alien. 
 Haha and um I wanna thank you boys and girls once again 
 Come back, To Tygas World.