Aha, Fuck is this? S Soun-Sounds like the industry. 
 You know, people don't understand, how you get to this point . So, I think I should tell them before cause right now after, and you know this morning, I woke up in my Polo sheets, throw on my Gucci slip ons, brushed my teeth, hopped in the benz and came right to the studio. 
 But ima tell you the story 
 Ah 
 Came in the game oh five I sing, God gotta pass, stage name on my chain, Switching lanes passing out mix tapes in the rain lord don't wanna wake up hungry again, Ran into a hero he knew, Now I'm infront of 30 thousand people, Feeling like the beetles flyin through cities in ???? I ain't never seen tour before, Wish my friends could see through there own E Y E's this life people just wont believe I gettin' used to things but damn its gone right back home, mann 
 (Huh I don't understand it was like they tease me with it you'know and I just wanna stay out there and be a star but sometimes I just feel like this shit just ain't meant for me or it ain't gone work so I don't know sometimes I just feel like giving up but I love this game so much so ima keep go) 
 Go go gadet gucci just gotta have it so I keep griding can't be average, haters poiting at me laughin' at me its in my reach but I just can't grab it, as we speak gotta a call 'bout the VMA's next day on the plane (B-Better new wing?) young money on stage comercial break interviewers say I'm the new wayne, I'm just tyga man with good management baby work your heart gettin' the board to perform an every body show, hello stars 
 (It feels so great this moment I just... I feel like shedding a tear 'cause I'm finally hear, all the things I went to to get to this point they showin love but it's like they still hatin'! you'know I guess there only one thing left to do, just gotta gain my) 
 Respect mo'fucker next mo'fuckers R E S P E C T get it like a reef hi y'all hatin' on me I made half a million independently, bitch! 
 I see G E D swings, corprate people notice me pop the cork bottles free supermodel ruby rings I spoil me, Your just babies 
 (Oh now you mad 'cause I'm... finally here I tried to tell you in the beginning but you just would listen now the songs almost over, now you made but you still hatin' but you love it its just the industry I'm just a souvinir in the circus you'know ah GED young money)