Wrist game glitta big chain glitta 
 Motivate my niggas wake up in the am and chase that skrilla 
 Hated by many yet the city still mine I just state my opinion 
 They say how you stay skinny but you stay in the kitchen 
 They say the shit ain't a game but you playing with the digits 
 Motivate my niggas can't complain when your chick name Jenner 
 Wrist game glitta motivate my niggas 
 Hated by many when these bitches wanna tattoo their name on your dick 
 And you can't take your bitch nowhere, she so famous 
 Niggas want more, all I do is motivate 'em 
 It's all I do, niggas want more, can you blame 'em? 
 I was just like you 
 Now my Wrist game Glitta big chain Glitta 
 Motivate my niggas wake up in the am and chase that skrilla 
 Can you taste that feeling? cream feeling in my cake got the cake with the sprinkles 
 Motivate my niggas why you hate my nigga? we had no A/C now we laid up chillin' gettin' paid how I'm working motivate my niggas 
 Wrist game Glitta Champagne sipper landing land switching in the musane had the wraith for a minute Exchange for the Bentley more space for the bitches what's your name? 
 I came with the realist I left with the same motivate my niggas and we all gain just a gang of niggas that all bang 
 When we come play it's like a ball game ballers 
 Wrist game Glitta call us crazy for the Ben franks nigga ima Ben frank flipper for them ben franks nigga 
 I ain't crazy baby nah I'm insane nigga 
 I'm kamkaize comma crazy on a Kawasaki poppin' wheelies I'm money hungry 
 Just went out to dinner and everything taste funny but these millions 
 See my Wrist game Glitta big chain Glitta 
 Motivate my niggas wake up in the am and chase that skrilla 
 Can you taste that feeling? cream feeling in my cake got the cake with the sprinkles 
 Motivate my niggas why you hate my nigga? yeah we chase that skrilla 
 Hated by many the city still mine I just state my opinion 
 Wrist game Glitta huh? 
 You a snake and you slither huh? 
 Hot on the plate still sizzle huh? 
 Wrist game big chain still Glitta huh? 
 Wrist game Glitta big chain Glitta 
 Motivate my niggas wake up in the am and chase that skrilla 
 Hated by many the city still mine I just state my opinion 
 They say how you get million abut huh stay independent 
 Appears on #fukwhattheytalkinbout