Tyga, are you ashamed of the things you've done? 
 I havnt done I'm ashamed of 
 All the people you've hurt? 
 Hmmm 
 So you don't feel any remorse? 
 Remorse for what?, you people have done everything in the world to me, doesn't that give me eaqual right? I can do anything I want to to you people at anytime I want to because that's what you've done to me, if you spit in my face and smack me in the mouth and throw me in solitarty confinement for nothing what do you thinks gonna happpen when I get out of here? 
 So you don't feel guilty at all? 
 There's no need to feel guilty, I havnt done anything I'm ashamed of maybe I havnt done enough I might be ashamed of that for not doing enough, for not giving enough, for not being more perceptive, for not being aware enough, for not understanding, for eh being stupid, maybe I should of killed four five hundred people then I would have felt better, then I would have felt like I really offerd society something, you know if I wanted to kill somebody I'd kick this ... and beat you to death with it and I wouldn't feel a thing 
 Uh! 
 I'm outaged and underage tyga straight out'ta the cage 
 The faceplate badge on the louis suitcase 
 Boom base when the sound spray, bang! 
 Every hurse killer reherse no sounds stay 
 I milk hoes like a cows taste 
 Chandoliers in my living space 
 Symbolising the good life half fake, the hoes half bake 
 All at my shows with the smiley face big bank cheque, little bank in this rat race 
 Per say coby swag I'm past ... tryna get twenty four eggs with the ice lace 
 I'm gettin' the same cake the president make beyond bad things never care what the mass say never what the maths says, them chips really ain't safe in the safe, bam bam a flintsone a problem man across the street make you hold your own hand, feel fear nigger 
 This close to your ear nigger, flowin this ... when the ribbon hit ya, hard like the liquor hit ya what's the diference grey goose duck duck shoot 
 In the same minite, a lace minites, no gang bang niggers, just a gang of money with a gang of niggers, gang of strippers, gang of grippers, when them gang niggers start trippin' sounds ridiculos street symphony 
 But I don't party with the enemy just a lot of love hate niggers staring at me, these jelousy arrows just aiming at me, I'm'a take three then vers 'em all on the beat 
 Black beast the most beautiful thing in me mixed with some asian came in freash off a space ship, sunny ass chain on my bright days slave shit, shit I'm outaged and underage bitch! 
 I'm outaged and underaged 
 I'm outaged and underage bitch!