Who that on the pole? Is she that on the pole? 
 Who that on the pole? Is she that on the pole? 
 (Wale) 
 Who that on the pole? Is she that on the pole? 
 If you ain't gettin' dough shawty, you don't get to go 
 And yeah we up in stadiums, quarterbacking hoes 
 My money for fourth and long, but you do not get to throw 
 Rack, Rack City shit 
 Penny for your thoughts, and a twenty for your titties 
 And a hundred for your smile, I'mma be here for a while 
 I'mma be up with them ounces, I'll see you when you out 
 Stuntin' for the fuck of it, I ain't with the sucka' shit 
 All the bad strippers gotta greet me with the government 
 Fuck whoever judge ya', and trick whoever love ya' 
 But don't expect a ring if you committed to the hustle 
 Yeah, Rack, Rack City shit 
 She ain't right like them old rap city skits 
 I got many chicks, blue and black Penny kicks 
 Strippers at 30 tellin' niggas that they 26 
 (Chorus - Tyga) 
 Rack city bitch Rack Rack city bitch [x3] 
 Ten ten ten twenties and them fifties bitch 
 (Fabolous) 
 Silver Emblem, 2 black Rs 
 Who's that in the nice black car? 
 Autops came back up, results are? 
 Cause of death... bars 
 Gotta killa fo, fo the llama 
 Gotta killa hoe, half Columbiana 
 Half Dominicana, Poke her from Behind-a 
 Work out a little bit, get the rest from her mama 
 Black city Bitch, Black outta '03 
 California king kush, black out from OG 
 You made ya death bed, now lay in it 
 The end is here, start sayin' it 
 (Young Jeezy) 
 I'm in my other car, bout to get my other car 
 You like to talk to him, man, it's a seminar 
 12 carats, man that's all ears 
 1 through 6, man, it's all years 
 Got mah other broad talking with my other broad 
 All them in the back talking to mah other broad 
 Ok lil lay we gotta full something 
 3 bitches in my bed, bout 4 something 
 Sal and my nigga hit that 
 He ain't nuttin, Sal and my nigga split that 
 Suit game, bag it, she might know something 
 But if she wanna roll wit me she gotta blow something 
 Yeah you know what that mean, you tonight girl 
 But if your bull, I'll leave ya wit a white girl 
 It's all we doing nigga, ass 'n' tits 
 A-town nigga, yeah, strap six 
 Rack city bitch Rack Rack city bitch [x3] 
 Ten, ten, ten twenties and them fifties bitch 
 (Tyga) 
 Black 4s, red drop head doors 
 Got ya whore doing shit that's uncalled for 
 I see these bitches callin... I just hit ignore 
 James bond, Tom Ford, Jaeger LaCoultre, 
 Ain't got 'em? Erry blood goin' stop 'em 
 120 in the ghost take the bitch shoppin' 
 Niggas will open it up, 'cause they ain't poppin' 
 Ain't got nuttin to comment with niggas wit no commas 
 Red headorama, Rack City Junk yarding 
 I be ahead of these nigga Last King, Guillotine 
 YMCMB Nigga take defeat 
 Pack a bad bitch then pass it to my nigga Meek 
 (Meek Mill) 
 Meek Milly, Racked up Racked out 
 And I'll be countin' money till I pass out 
 Hundred racks of hundreds in the Stash house 
 And I'll be sayin' something when I mash out 
 In the Lambo lookin' like a fly 
 I shine like somthin in the sky 
 These haters hope I hurry up and die 
 'Cause my bitch look like she said hurry up and bye 
 (T.I.) 
 Me and three females in the CL 
 Pink toe nails tell like a beached whale 
 Tell 'em all betta keep it on the DL 
 No phone, no twitter, no email 
 Diamonds in the chain, none in the rear 
 Fall the King of Diamonds, bitch you ate shit 
 Pocket racked up, all big faces 
 At the party crib, full of broads all naked 
 Rosé cases, We pop daily 
 We stay faded, need no occasion 
 Latins and Asians, Black, Caucasian 
 I'll go crazy for days in amazement 
 Rack city bitch Rack Rack city bitch [x3] 
 Ten, ten, ten twenties and them fifties bitch