Now you niggas gon' see I'ma G. Bet chu bitch gon' remember me. 
 Needs no muthafukin' intro as I walk with the swagga like I'm 6'4. Skinny nigga doe, fresh like mentos. Look at me real close, rap nigga been in Vogue. Ha! But I neva pose but I make ho's- Marilyne Monroe; strip down no clothes. Bring it back like six fo' nintendo's. Blow! On my holy o' catch the holy ghost. Damn! Listen to the sound; Metal rounds. Neva play around; Kid. I'm no play ground. Niggas puppy chow, eatin' wit dey face down. Niggas try ta tell. One shot kill, now who you gon' tell, Nigga? 
 When the night comes (night comes) and the sun falls (sun falls). Bet chu bitches gon' remember me (they gon' remember me). So, turn the lights off (lights off) then turn on (turn on). Bet chu bitches gon' see I'ma G (I'ma G). [x2] 
 I'm feel badder like I'm leather on Jackson. Red Devil Porche turn. Sex on the beach burns, you can smell it like inscents in the uir. Air. I pronounce wor' and announce world. Like I'm teachers through yo speakers. You fuckin' wit a Tiger- Bit first. Burberry hur. Bird bath. Blood now, it's a vampire shirt. Ha ha ha! Cough and cemetery the verse. Flow so sick that it hurts. Truth be told- Warthdrobe like movie clothes. My life front row and you sittn' too close. 
 When the night comes (night comes) and the sun falls (sun falls). Bet chu bitches gon' remember me (dey gon remember me). Now, turn the lights off (lights off) and turn the lights on (lights on). And you niggas gon' see I'ma G (I'ma G). [x2] 
 When the night comes. Then them niggas gon' see I'ma G. [x2] 
 Ah! Flaws gettin' 'em like Denis run from. Kick backs ain fun, when you gettin' kicked up. Sorry I got tempa', hotta than Majinta. Flame color menstro, period- redrum. Betta pray like Nuns cause you don't want none. Buck! Buck! Two at pedestrians. Ion give a fuck, straight shit on a bum. What's up? My mind is like a lugnut, don't fuckin' screw up! 
 When the night comes (night comes) and the sun falls (sun falls). Bet chu bitches gon' remember me (dey gon remember me). Now, turn the lights off (lights off) and turn the lights on (lights on). And you niggas gon' see I'ma G (I'ma G). [x2] 
 When the night comes. [x4] Then them niggas gon' see I'ma G.