(Feat. GaTa) 
 (Ha... Tyga.) 
 (Look Gata man I got a problem) 
 (What is it man?) 
 (See it's this one chick man... it's like I wanna be with her) 
 (But it's... it's all bad) 
 (What is it?) 
 (Verse 1: Tyga) 
 Look shawty is a f-f-fan (fan) 
 For the t-Tyga man (man) 
 And I'm thinkin' about introducin' her to him (uh-huh) 
 But my image I cannot ruin (nope) 
 So I need a middle man (yup) 
 Who's game is as swagged out as mine on the scene (let's see) 
 So I call G-A-T-A from La (Gata) 
 But he says I'm in the Bay with Stunna man GD 
 Now I'm all in the day thinking what should I say (hmmm) 
 Be smooth like Mase or Diddy with the thang hmmm 
 Look y'all I ain't did this in so long 
 Since the Mexican bar screamin "mija where you goin'? " (can I follow?) 
 I'm feelin' so thirst chasin this mini skirt 
 But she knows my every verse so maybe this feeling I can reverse on her 
 Like "hey miss unknown, how ya doin'? " 
 I peeped you at my show 
 Saw you singing along 
 So she pulled out her phone 
 So I pulled out my phone 
 Asked her for digits but she just wanted a picture 
 Cause you see she be at all my? shows 
 See shawty screamin in the front row 
 Her myspace page nuttin but my videos, my videos 
 Cause shawty is a fan (hey!) 
 A fan (hey) shawty is a fan (hey!) 
 A fan (hey) shawty is a fan (hey!) 
 A fan (hey) shawty is a fan (hey!) a fan 
 (Verse 2: Gata) 
 Look let me tell you 'bout this chick 
 She's a real pretty chick 
 Long hair with nice eyes and she got the perfect tits 
 When she walk her waist dop 
 But I ain't trippin' on this chick (nope!) 
 'Cause she on Tyga dick 
 Just like every other chick 
 Who be reachin' for my hand 'cause they know that I'm the man 
 I call them groupies slash friends why? 
 All because I can 
 And that's no disrespect to my true lady fans 
 Who be bumpin my jams while they chillin' with they man 
 (Wait wait wait... chillin' with they man?) 
 Yeah chillin' with they man 
 Well shawty goddamn... you really are a fan 
 Cause everywhere I go... you seem to follow 
 At the mall... at the show 
 But at the hotel... NO! 
 Cause you see she be at all my? shows 
 See shawty screamin in the front row 
 Her myspace page nuttin but my videos, my videos 
 Cause shawty is a fan (hey!) 
 A fan (hey) shawty is a fan (hey!) 
 A fan (hey) shawty is a fan (hey!) 
 A fan (hey) shawty is a fan (hey!) a fan 
 (Haha) 
 (Man this shit is crazy man) 
 (It's crazy man) 
 (Like this chick... she's like a groupie man) 
 (Uh huh) 
 (But at the same times she's a fan man) 
 (But you met her on tour though... so what you expect?) 
 (It's crazy man. it's like they gotta know they roles) 
 (Either you gonna be a groupie... or you gonna be a fan... I love my fans) 
 (I think I... I-I I think they wanna be both though man) 
 (I love my fans too but...) 
 (You can't be both!) 
 (Some of them be fine as fuck) 
 (I be wantin them... but I can't do it... you know why?) 
 (Why?) 
 (Hah cause shawty is a fan)