I'm Rodney and I'll be your host this evening. Tonight 
 We got a young gentleman all the way from uh, Los 
 Angeles. The guy is making his way from Compton, 
 California and uh, the guy has a lot of swagger. You 
 Know, you might have seen him around, maybe never seen 
 Him before. But he has definitely got a lot of 
 Potential and he is here to show it tonight. 
 Introducing Tyga Tyga. 
 (Tyga) 
 Picture cash baby born how the duffle bag. How to ride 
 A moment don't make my temperature mad. Flickin' my 
 Past admire all the shit that I had. Thinkin' I'm 
 Really reppin' my city without a flag. Carry-ons, 
 Earphones, MCM bag, elderlies mad as we all sittin' 
 First class. Look over shoulder laugh, family matter 
 Chattin, did I do that? Imagine Erkel with a little 
 Swag. Betty groaning already these bitches gettin' old, 
 Fettichini flow, let my words twist around the folk. 
 Make you eat it like a dyke to a lesbian, oh, the lady 
 Will get it after the show. Oh oh, protection for 
 Sexual, ah ah, thought you knew, nigga I'm passive 
 Proof, and you lookin' broke. Got for your diamonds 
 Same color cantaloupe, my life an episode so expect a 
 Fuckin' show. 
 ("The potential" is repeated x5 while Tyga speaks) 
 I remember this one time though when I was like 11, and 
 Um I use to work with this one producer out here in LA, 
 And he use to make me write shit over and over again, 
 And I would be like damn. Like I use to feel like not 
 Good enough, like my bars wasn't ready. But it wasn't 
 That, they just wanted the potential that I had. You 
 Know what I'm sayin'? So they just like kept making me 
 Write it over and over and shit, you feel me? 
 Any minute I could lose the momentum. Lord forgive all 
 My days I have spent sinning. Show my momma love, with 
 A key and red ribbon. A freedom writer even niggas up 
 In jail feel him. Pause, my miracle bars will leave 
 Your mind in prison. Now what you was thinking can't 
 Even think you can ya nigga. New Orleans they scream 
 For the beads on cameras. Up in the dorm hours before 
 Performance on campus. How could you not be famous? Too 
 Much managers can't even manage. Shout out to at money, 
 He do the managing, while I fresh like Irish Spring. 
 Obviously, I'm what the crowd came to see, Tyga not 
 Tyrese. What you can sing, every melody and on a beat, 
 Had the beach water money fold like laundry, honestly, 
 Don't lie to me, fuck around and write your wheel right 
 In your drivers seat, fucking with them G.E.D. boys. 
 ("The potential" repeated x5 while Tyga speaks) 
 So like, years years later they announce to me, that I 
 Got an opportunity and chance, and it was like, who 
 Wouldn't like it at first, and I thought all of that 
 Hard work was going to pay off, but it really didn't 
 Because people wasn't biting onto it, but I think they 
 Just knew the potential I had, but they just wanted 
 Better from me. But thank God for listening. 
 Everybody make some noise. Come on clap it up! The guy 
 Has potential. I am Rodney and I'll see you next Monday 
 Night.