This is... 
 (Verse 1: Ya Boy) 
 Yeah... eh 
 Bay area stand up... hip hop 
 You're looking at the future 
 Young wild nigga might mess around and shoot ya 
 Came in the game like cane for the (? tuda's?) 
 Bout to rearrange things... I ain't the same as you losers 
 I dun seen it all from guns this tall ta bodies getting dumped 
 Niggas slumped on the wall from crack in the sack 
 And them cracks in the walls ta hopping out spending 50 racks in the mall 
 Yeaa holla at ya boy baby... I'm not like them 
 22 Black coupe black rim... ice grin... ice neck... ice wrist 
 Looking for a nice bitch 
 Whip cost a 100 grand the trip is priceless 
 (Chorus: Cool and Dre) 
 I got work er'ywhere 
 Homie tell me what you need 
 I got people down south that'll let it go for cheap 
 I got people up top with a plug on the Biz 
 I got people in the bay 
 Nigga tell me what it is 
 You ain't gotta shop around 
 Ha holla at ya boy... (ha) holla at ya boy... (ha) holla at ya boy 
 You ain't gotta shop around 
 Ha holla at ya boy... (ha) holla at ya boy... (ha) holla at ya boy 
 (Verse 2: Ya Boy) 
 If he rep that bay why his swag that way? 
 Man the bar so fresh plus I'm cool like DRE 
 Yo my sound so new... like it's still in the wrapper 
 The rumors so true, yes I'm killin' these rappers 
 Headed down south with a car full of clappers 
 Inside my trunk all white like pampers 
 Get it off quickly... headed back swiftly 
 Heard them boys on me but they'll never get me... no 
 Who the truth mama let them know 
 That I keep two nines like Gretzy tho 
 The young nigga with the peschi flow 
 That's good fella... catch me in the hood fella... get it understood fella 
 (Verse 3: Ya Boy) 
 Ay you want it I got it 
 You need it come holla 
 I got er'ything covered from the top to the bottom 
 Er'ything come hot from the shots to the dollars 
 I got my Miami niggas rockin' in they impalas 
 I got my Atlanta niggas trappin clockin they dollas 
 I got my New York niggas goin' hard they wildin 
 Even the Midwest boys hold it down they ridin' 
 I got killaz up in Cali, y'all don't want no problems 
 You ain't gotta make a move just holla at me 
 Mama do what you do just holla at me 
 He got a mouth full of jewels tell me who could it be? 
 Who they want, who they came to see?... It's Y B