Once againt it's the bait area, panty dropper, why beative mother fucken rock star. 
 As always I'm out here partying with your girl, While she sings my shit. 
 You already know what it is. 
 Your wifeys favorite DJ ma nigga DJ ilwill. 
 DJ motherfucken rockstar ma trio a fucks with you, lets ride. 
 Baby? Can you be my light switch? 
 I'm bout to turn you on. 
 I know you, never done nothing like this. 
 I'm bout to turn you on, trust me ano you a like it. I'm about to turn you on, turn you off, turn you on, turn you off. 
 (Yeah) 
 Gefforys for breakfast, no boo for lunch, with no extras baby it's just us. 
 A fill the cups and you twist the dutch. 
 Lets skip to the part when we get to touch. 
 Yeah I'm on your head like a brush, 
 Don't dismay back feeling like we ridin' on a bus. 
 And I don't really care if shawty use to be a slut 
 'Cause I really have to be a fruit to be in love. 
 But on some real shit baby make me feel good 
 She a make me go to the top from the hud, 
 She a make me go from a g to a gent, 
 So I do it all don't need a scent. 
 You know I give it real when I give her the spill, 
 I make her feel like she got a record deal. 
 (Uh) 
 I get you off like a lawyer 
 But I got one question for ya... 
 C'mon baby Baby Can you be my light switch? 
 I'm bout to turn you on. 
 I know you, never done nothing like this. 
 I'm bout to turn you on, trust me ano you a like it. I'm about to turn you on, turn you off, turn you on, turn you off. 
 Smell like bine number nine 
 For tine on your arm, 
 Pedicure sitting on me, saint la rhyme. 
 Baby so fine, I don'd mind spending time. 
 Playing on roof top sippin on wine, 
 She could tell by the shine on ma neck and ma arm, 
 I'm not like the mother fish in the pond. 
 I was on the corner with the nicks and the dimes. 
 Baby girl came and put a glitch in my grind. 
 (Yeah) 
 Girl you know what am bout, 
 Make you dance in bed, make you twist, make you shout. 
 And after I turn you out, 
 We goin' do it, we goin' do it till I burn you out. 
 (Uh) 
 I get you higha than a spaceship 
 Baby I even give your whole life a big face lift. 
 (Spaceship) 
 Real talk I adore ya, 
 And I got one question for ya... 
 Baby? Can you be my light switch? 
 I'm bout to turn you on. 
 I know you, never done nothing like this. 
 I'm bout to turn you on, trust me ano you a like it. I'm about t