Aiiyyo, some people was born in heaven 
 With a silver spoon in they mouth 
 And had everything handed to them on a silver platter 
 And never had to work hard for nothing 
 Then there are some people that was born in the opposite world 
 Of those that was born in heaven, which is called hell 
 And had to work hard for everything they got 
 And never had nothing handed to them... and never will 
 I'm only at the age of 10 
 And life already seems to me like it's heading for a dead end 
 Cause my moms be smoking mad crack 
 My dad went out for a fast snack, and never brought his ass back 
 Nobody knows how I feel, it's quite ill 
 'Cause I had to steal to fill my stomach with a nice meal 
 Too ashamed to walk the streets 
 Wearing the same cheap sneaks and dirty outfits for weeks 
 Even my holidays got damaged 
 'Cause on Christmas I asked Santa for a father and a hot sandwich 
 I just can't take it (uh-huh, uh-huh) 
 And every day I ask myself, 'how will I make it?' 
 It seems like my life's been cursed 
 Ever since I was a child, and how will I make it? 
 I won't, that's how 
 I walk around with a frown; I got no reason to smile 
 And how will I make it? 
 I won't, that's how 
 Aiiyyo times was rough, I had to grow up foul 
 And how will I make it? 
 I won't, that's how 
 I always knew that I'd end up doing time on the Isle 
 And how will I make it? 
 I won't, that's how 
 Five years passed by, now I'm at the age of 15 
 No more fun and games, it's time to get cream (word up) 
 'Cause I'm about to burst, it's like my life was cursed 
 I went to church, prayed everyday 
 And it still got worse 
 Soon I ran into a couple of guns 
 Started stalking the streets, slate robbing suckers for funds (give it up, give it up) 
 Now everyday I creep with the heat 
 Ain't nothing sweet, I rob for meat 
 If I don't steal I don't eat 
 Then I lost control and started going too far 
 Robbed this brother named Umar 
 Then got snatched by the blue car 
 Where I grew up it was a living hell 
 Then I started to realize - I'm better off in a prison cell 
 Now I can sleep, now I can eat 
 Can't hit skins, but I wasn't hitting skins when I was in the street 
 Aiiyyo I just can't take it 
 And every day I ask myself, 'how will I make it?' 
 Doing time was full of stress G, all the 
 Fighting's and stabbings and men finding men sexy 
 One tried to test me didn't find it humorous 
 Beat him with a pillowcase filled with cans of tuna fish 
 My time came to a cease; I'm back on the streets again 
 I hope I don't get snatched by the beast again 
 But it's getting crazy hectic 
 'Cause I'm broke, get up naked 
 And can't get a job cause of my jail record 
 Before you know it, I was robbing them same ducks 
 I even started robbing homeless folks for they change cups 
 My whole life was deserted 
 Either I'ma go back to jail or get murdered, but do I deserve it? 
 All I tried to do was live the one life that I got 
 But it seems like I can't get a fair shot (word up) 
 I just can't take it (uh-huh) 
 And every day I ask myself, 'how will I make it?' 
 Word up man, it's real rough out here man 
 In the ghetto, all you can wish for is a better tomorrow 
 It ain't getting no better, it's only getting worse, word up...