(Everybody everywhere is scratching for what they can get! 
 Did you think anybody here in this town is any different? 
 They don't give a damn who gets killed, 
 Just as long as the dice keep rollin', the hos keep hoin', 
 And the money keeps flowin'!) 
 My name is L, and I'm from a part of town where clowns 
 Get beat down and all you hear is gunshot sounds 
 On 139 and Lenox Ave, there's a big park, 
 And if you're soft, don't go through it when it gets dark 
 'Cause at nighttime, niggas try to tax 
 They're sneakier than alley cats, that's why I carry gats 
 Yo, I'm a motherfuckin' fugitive 
 Buckwild and foul is the lifestyle that I choose to live 
 Because to me it's all about a buck 
 I used to have a partner in crime by the name of Chuck 
 We stormed the city, shootin' shit up like Frank Nitty 
 We robbed kids and split the dough 50/50 
 One day we stuck a dice game on the ave and split the cash, 
 Then I murdered his ass, and took his half 
 Because I'm all about ends and skins 
 When you got those, you don't need no motherfuckin' friends 
 If I catch you on a late night, black, you're gettin' stuck, Jack 
 My moms told me to get a job--fuck that! 
 Ai-yo, picture me gettin' a job, 
 Takin' orders from Bob, sellin' corn on the cob 
 Yo, how the hell I'ma make ends meet 
 Makin' about 120 dollars a week? 
 Man, I rather do another hit 
 I want clean clothes, mean hos, and all that other shit 
 Yo, I admit, I'm a sucker 
 A low down, dirty, sneaky, double-crossin connivin' motherfucker 
 Breakin in cribs with a chrome bar 
 I wasn't poor: I was po'--I couldn't afford the O-R! 
 I used to wait until it gets dark 
 And tell a nigga to strip--I wanna see some birthmarks 
 Like a ninja, dressed in black with a ski mask 
 I take all the funds, then I run down the street fast 
 I vicked this nigga named Eugene 
 Took his brand new ring 'cause stickin' up's a everyday routine 
 Once I was crusin' in a beat-up ride, saw this nigga named Clyde, 
 And snuck up on him from the blind side 
 I told him, "Give up the dough before you get smoked! 
 "Oh, you're broke? (*shots*) now you dead broke!" 
 The Big L was cold crazy 
 A top-notch crook snatchin' pocketbooks from old ladies 
 I don't care, I'll do anything to get a buck 
 Even rob a Miller truck, 'cause I don't give a fuck 
 Some say I'm ruthless, some say I'm grim 
 Once a brother done broke into my house and I robbed 
 him 
 Plenty and many brains I bust 
 'Cause I was livin' the lifestyle of the poor and dangerous 
 Word! All of us from Harlem, 139, that's livin' the lifestyle of the poor and dangerous, you know what I'm sayin'? This goes out to my brothers Big Lee and Don Ice, Reggie Reg, T.C., Todd, Lou, Black Tone, Whitey, Ty Speeder, Ru Dog, Herb McGruff, E-Jet, G Love, Doc Ring, Slice, and Rich Dice. I can't forget the 1-4-0 Lenox Ave troop, and I gotta say rest in peace to Mate the Skate, Dog, and my man Kerry. Peace 
 (Now what kinda life is that for a child? 
 Now what kinda life is that for a child? 
 Now what kinda life is that for a fuckin' child? 
 Word to mother 
 Fuck all that stupid shit 
 Controversial, not commercial, nigga)