"Worldwide, time to handle our biz." 
 "Down with the group called Diggin in the Crates" 
 "Worldwide, time to handle our biz." 
 "Down with the group called Diggin in the Crates" 
 "Worldwide, time to handle our biz." 
 "Down with the group called Diggin in the Crates" 
 Thick is how I got my whole click to sound 
 Thick is how we gets down from town to town 
 If you didn't know this click can't be touched 
 If your click ain't thick, you ain't fucking with us 
 (A.g.) 
 We on a world tour with Midnight Marauders and such 
 I'm at the table, like the Godfather smoking a dutch 
 Controlling the bucks; I roll with enough 
 Niggas that'll blow in the clutch 
 Not only holding we bust 
 The fat raps, so pass that and let me hit it 
 Got me gassed, black; skins was mad fat 
 She flipped it, Bronx is equipped with niggas that'll rip shit 
 Studios get blown from D and D to Mystic 
 With this shit I'll bomb the nation from a distance 
 The jewels gotta have patience plus persistence 
 We rock glass like Rockford 
 Waiting for bottles to pop in the condo; bottles get rocked 
 To sum up my career from bottom to top 
 Now we in the thick of it, and you don't stop 
 (Big L) 
 Check it, I be puffing blunts in the house, sexing stunts on the couch 
 This year, a lot of frauds might get punched in the mouth 
 For when your wife see me, she don't know how to act 
 So don't be mad when I blow out her back, for real 
 Your whole team a bunch of pooh-puts who made a few bucks 
 Date a few sluts then y'all start running your lips a little too much 
 My whole crew wild, thick as new now 
 We go to clubs, hit the bar, and trip two thou 
 Other emcees ain't got a chance at all 
 'Cause Big L Corleone is too advanced for y'all 
 Chicks can never walk away 'cause they like the sex 
 Flamboyant is the label that writes the checks 
 I'm a pimped-out nigga that walks with canes 
 Talk with slang, ball from New York to Spain 
 Haters E-N-V-Y me B-I-G 
 'Cause I'm V.I.P. till I D-I-E, what? 
 (O.c.) 
 I spark light with the pen, drink O.J. with gin 
 Rock Tims with my laces untied 
 Cruise in the city on seventeen inches; ride past wenches 
 Past the projects, thugs chilling on the benches 
 Profile low as if I had an ill vengeance 
 Life on Earth is just a death sentence 
 Fuck it, alpha omega, arm, lega, lega, arm 
 With cold steel if you pose a threat to my neighbor 
 D-I double G I-N, I-N T-H-E Crates; lock shit times ten 
 Dive in, become part of a cliche; that art of an expert 
 Your honor from New York to Florida 
 Chicks rush the corridors; chicks try to star with us 
 Besides rolling thick my whole crew be marvelous 
 "Worldwide, time to handle our biz." 
 "Down with the group called Diggin in the Crates" 
 "Worldwide, time to handle our biz." 
 "Down with the group called Diggin in the Crates" 
 "Worldwide, time to handle our biz." 
 "Down with the group called Diggin in the Crates"