(Here we are in this day and age still loyal to the state of confusion. Why 
 Is it only tragedy when harmony unites the people of this nation. We must 
 Learn to break this cycle of hate and disrespect among our brothers and 
 Sisters and we must stop asking the question: why? Start spreading the 
 Message of one love) 
 (Verse 1: J.Flexx) 
 My heroes catchin 3 or 4 through they corridor 
 They blast on em, hit the gas on em, last call 
 A bullet make a life shatter like a glass jaw 
 Look like the devil gettin' just what he axe for when the gas draw 
 They want to blame it on the gangs but it's a bigger picture 
 'Cause why we're steady dyin' somebody gettin' richer 
 Listen to what I'm spittin', who you think benefittin 
 While all these heads splittin they money-gettin' 
 See the gangbangin ain't all about the red and blue 
 'Cause some many's corporations is gangstas too 
 They rub you out in a minute gettin' greedier and greedier 
 Buyin out major labels and pimpin' the media 
 Orchestratin beef between the west and east 
 Kill a superstar, blow up his next release 
 We got to put them straps down 'cause if you let them stay dead 
 Every death in black America is gang related 
 Yeah 
 A change is gonna come to our lives (A change to come) 
 I'm not sayin' it's wrong (A change to come) 
 We've reached a point and we have to decide (A change to come) 
 If we should go on (A change to come) 
 (Verse 2: Tenkamenin) 
 I'm fallin' from the heavens screamin out "Lord please! 
 Let me go so I can check up on my younger seeds" 
 To show 'em right so they won't reach these penetentiaries 
 'Cause over the years that's what them folks want us to turn out to be, and 
 Just release you 
 When I was young I wanted to be a thug 
 Hang on the corner, smoke my weed and try to sell my drugs and show no love 
 In '97, all this had to change 
 So many murdered behind unnecessarily petty games, it's all a shame 
 Doin' crimes as a past time 
 Tryin' my best to stay alive is all that's on my mind 
 I hit my knees and drop my head between and ask the Lord 
 "Please let me make it through this struggle" even though it's hard 
 Jealousy got us hatin' it, wantin to kill each other though 
 What ever happened to the sayin' that we are all bro's 
 Keep it up and best believe you, I will finally see it's gang related 
 So we best to let the killin' cease, now rest in peace 
 (Verse 3: J.Flexx) 
 Tell me how many Haiti bottles I gotta empty 
 Before I wise up and stop lettin the devil tempt me 
 Usin' materialism to jealousy to pimp me 
 Live by the gun, die by the gun, to put it simply it's gettin' shady 
 They got me mad like rabies, headed for Haiti's 
 Sellin they soul for a Mercedes and fly ladies 
 All this dirt being done ain't gang related 
 We got to take our former glory why'all, reinstate it 
 (People are in trouble in America. As a matter of fact, people are in 
 Trouble throughout the Earth. We have returned into a force of death and 
 Destruction on ourselves. We were never meant to be trapped in this 
 Darkness, but there's always light in the midst of the darkness if you know 
 Where to find it. Nothin' is impossible. If you know who you were you 
 Wouldn't want to be anything but who you are. We have one change but one 
 Cause and that's to frown one love) 
 (Chorus to fade)