That's the way 
 I see the money come, see the money go 
 It ain't trickin if you got it that's one thing for sure 
 Stand us high it's the chewy low 
 One thing for certain you can't lose no offer chasing dough 
 That's an errythang that's an errythang 
 See no paper coming go just like the weather change 
 That's an errythang that's an errythang 
 Gotta watch these bitches 'cause they argue playin' errrythang. 
 I got a pocket full of that green shit 
 Get getting hair... bitch who made the ... 
 Hair great talking Tony the title 
 ...Ride Mercedes I call it Delilah 
 24 foes ... toes just the cook came from the beach that's from the ... 
 I watch my money pump never see it go 
 Hit the club and watch me blowing like a saxophone 
 Yes I'm errythang, I'm talking errythang so my jeweler I got 50 from my pimpy rain 
 Straight cash I'lll be out the ...never was no loco joko 
 Don't' say I ain't told you 
 I see the money come, see the money go 
 It ain't trickin if you got it that's one thing for sure 
 Stand us high it's the chewy low 
 One thing for certain you can't lose no offer chasing dough 
 That's an errythang that's an errythang 
 See no paper coming go just like the weather change 
 That's an errythang that's an errythang 
 Gotta watch these bitches 'cause they argue playin' errrythang. 
 I say my family good family good, my niggas too 
 I just bought my b*tvh a bean and I call the boo 
 I'm chasing money you niggas chasning ... 
 We call 'em ... we call 'em ... 
 ...I'm do the ...burning here telling lose control 
 ...My paper confortthan I guess these niggas money nerd 
 That's an errythang you a real nigga, b*tvhing I'm pumping by muself 
 'Cause I don't feel niggas, I feel yes on errrythang 
 I'm here in the club tonight bitch I'm walking errrythang 
 Went to .the dealer shit hundred ...cash 
 Brand new sale 50 drop that on the ... 
 Better get you on red that off the ... 
 That's on errrythang ...got that ... swing 
 Stuck in own 'em ... in your ...swag so illegal house is the biggest ... 
 That's some other shit ...with my other bitch 
 Poppin' that mother ship my pistol got that ...grip 
 Real nigga so ...better watch these niggas 'cause they ... 
 That's real ... money my order that's errythang 
 Don't say ain't try I told you