I am the streets, the future 
 I introduce you to Ace Hood, Meek Mills 
 Big Sean, Wale, Vado, this the future 
 They gettin' money, they makin' hit records, they hustlin' 
 Okay now Khaled told me kill 'em, he just told me kill 'em 
 Hundred for the Beamer, Kudos for the dealer 
 Murder, bet I wrote it, Kudos to the killer 
 Chevy sittin' crooked, teeth on Reggie Miller 
 I'm a motherfuckin' beast, see me in your sleep 
 Nightmare on any street, swear I will mark any beat 
 Spread this to the industry, lyrics like a chopper piece 
 Flow right through your fitted T, pull this through with chemistry 
 Hottest nigga 'round, they saying greatness is my tendency 
 No such thing as sympathy, more money, my remedy 
 Pockets on, heavy D, bitch I'm hot, third degree 
 Whip I drive? Owned by me, wrists and neck, anti-freeze 
 Can it be? I'm who you dying to be' 
 Last of a dying breed, I'm Siamese 
 Twin pistol shooter nigga like a 7B 
 Big dog, get it, you still on your pedigree 
 Yeah, fly nigga with some stupid swag 
 Dead faces keep my money in the body bag 
 And the G-U-T-T-A, hops in the whip and I gotta get paid 
 Fuck them bitches, ain't trying to get laid 
 Walk in my house you can meet my maid 
 And you give a damn you can push that Lac 
 Push that Benz on, push that 'Lade, hop to the whip 
 No top on mine, hear a nigga hate, man fuck them guys 
 Real nigga shit, don't tell no lie 
 Private plane, my seat recline, top 10 charts, where I reside 
 Got me a house? 
 We the muthafuckin best, word to my mama 
 Ridin' presidential, got me feeling like Obama 
 'Cause all I want is change 
 And my niggas they wanted the same 
 I wanted the money and never the fame 
 I turned into something they never became 
 Through all the rain, I kept my flame 
 And I kept burning and it's my turn and 
 Real nigga my hood confirm it 
 Now it's 6 2's on closed curtains 
 And that Maybach, let me take 'em way back 
 When I was starving that was payback 
 Nigga where that cake at? 
 Murder all your artists 
 And I, I, I, I can feel that love, 
 But I feel that hate 
 When I got that ? I just feel so safe 
 I put it to your mug, you ain't gon' wake 
 When that thing gon' fly 
 Got a little kick, but it ain't no tired 
 Niggas talk murder, but they ain't gon ride 
 Now we goin' hard like I ain't gonna die 
 Meek Mill! 
 Do it! OK 
 Smoke until I got no lungs 
 Got her going down, no teeth 
 I call it "speaking tongues" 
 Do it! Do it! 
 Now you speaking my language 
 From where they twist and talk with they fingers 
 Man but this ain't no sign language 
 Fresh out of the ashes 
 This a Detroit fucking classic from when MM got the masses 
 Trick Trick got them passes 
 Bitch I'm from the Motor, Motor 
 Yeah that motor be the fastest bitch, 
 They call it Motor City 
 'Cause you're most likely to crash (fuck it) 
 Good thing I got a chauffeur 
 Going broke? No sir! 
 Bitch I'm the rap game stylist, 
 'Cause I gave the rap game style bitch 
 But I over shine, ain't no niggas over Sean 
 Toll rollin' by the quarter so I guess we're going overtime. 
 Till we're Dumb high, dumb high 
 Westside, bitch I run mine 
 I'm rolling around in my old school, I feel like the alumni 
 Fucking hoes, no strings attached 
 So don't ask me why they strung out 
 I'm like Jordan to you niggas 
 I might even stick my tongue out 
 She wiggled and wobble, bobbled 
 Then landed on my throttle 
 Bitch, I might make you my baby 
 And even buy you a bottle 
 Yo niggas don't ask how the top feel? 
 When you keep em' right beside you 
 My pockets got paper on paper 
 This shit just look like a novel boy 
 100 thousand worth of ice on me now 
 But it don't feel half as good 
 As grandma saying she's proud 
 Forever dedicated, Maybach poetic genius 
 Some think they close to seeing me 
 Tell 'em they close to Stevie 
 You poser niggas ain't supposed to be here 
 We don't believe ya. 
 Double MG'er, we put a wreath on niggas' careers 
 We the best, Khaled 
 No need to stress, Khaled 
 Know there's a lot of artists 
 But I got the best palette 
 Multiple colors, my mind's more productive than others 
 Murray the winner, he think he really 
 Nelson Mandela 
 That's fire though. 
 One time for the 305, though 
 That hydro make me tired, yo 
 My kickin be so Tai Bo! 
 My balance be so tight rope 
 That's hard to find Quick Tri-Flow 
 Get rough With me, that Night flow 
 Hoes blow for me, I maestro, shit 
 That white whip sit 
 Like a slight wrist slit 
 Suicide shit, you can by shit if you write this shit 
 Nigga and right this minute, they say I'm buzzing hard 
 My driver's out of this world, you playing bumper cars. 
 You niggas under-cards 
 You should be unemployed 
 All you smoke is Reggie, I'm in the telly bunch of noise 
 Who gon' tell me that I ain't going or I ain't flowin' 
 Young Folarin, you see them puters 
 That was my influence 
 The towers fell, turning to Ground Zero 
 Kids didn't like Reggie Jackson 
 Nicki Barnes their hero 
 As I play Rothstein, Corleone like Rob De Niro 
 Been through it but here though 
 Don't move with the weirdos 
 Dress pimpin' the toast like let's win 
 Penthouses on West and 4th, pipes and Mac 6 
 While me in a Maserati bricking his best friends 
 When I die, tell them to turn my coffin to stretch Benz rims on it 
 Problems? My man's on, see him, we stomp him out 
 His mouth, our Timbs' on it 
 Always smoking a ounce, a mountain, no tens on it 
 Spins on it, you have no clout, the Benz on it 
 What the fiends say? 
 Few roaches, you need spray, on tours, eat straight 
 Making sure all your feet sprayed 
 Get the pills through, peel through SRT-8 truck on, seats gray 
 Drop tops like release dates, Vado