Women like me for this one 
 You got my... anyway 
 Mister hood 
 Dear misses independent... 
 Looking for you like my life time depending on 
 You were cynic... every woman is in the gold 
 To me ain't new as money long 
 Haters to let it to my ex... before I start kiss my ex... 
 Ok let's talk about the gold digger 
 Man... shoot go figure but she was bad in the mood flicker 
 See the looking got a number 
 So make a long story... couple days I'm sleeping beating... 
 Fell in love with... and every moe 
 For the first louie bag she was so... 
 Never scalp but she let it watch... 
 Bought everything she had if I could recall 
 So couple... I gotta move it in 
 They show me money got me out of town 
 Ain't got a trick when I'm not around 
 She was... tryin' playin'... bounce 
 See the pictures of her because I hate the... 
 ... Trickin off the town 
 And I was too blind to see her sooner 
 Notice she was kind of... she likes old... 
 Took a... in old... damn the shooter really seen her face... 
 She oficially on my... 
 She pulled up some... 
 I'm talking bags in the French trip 
 And that words to my... six 
 See you ain't nothing but a... I'm talking... just to ashes. 
 And here's a letter to my ex's 
 You ain't nothing but a... spin 
 Oh was only have you when the cash in 
 You try to play me like a beam 
 But I ain't trippin' 'cause you... 
 Oh I ain't go bigger than... 
 Man I'm so damn you're the... 
 I used to love you with the passion 
 Sincerely yours. 
 Oh, dear misses independent 
 Ace Hood Letter To My Ex's lyrics found on 
 Still searching like my life time depended on 
 You were... woman is in the gold 
 To me... is money long 
 If you ain't got it you can carry on 
 I'm talking like the loiue bag holds 
 No matter swag or you new... 
 I swear my last was a bee like my... 
 I thought we'd really last long 
 We wore the once to put the money on 
 Damn ain't no begging in fairytale 
 I'm talkin' make believe love caught... 
 But that's until I started buy things 
 It was cool now she started wearing rings 
 Such a drama queen... 
 Corrupted by a life she could only see the green 
 Only... I can be by any means let her tell we were something... 
 Damn, had a cut it she was out of order 
 Try to pull me on blast like a... on boarder 
 I call the mama tryin' to transport her, 
 Did you thought I... yeah kind, sort of 
 She was mad so she fall... order 
 Just to come and get a bag fill the trash off 
 Swore to cops many... many cast out 
 Hey but I ain't moving back in 
 Oh my mama prag... twins 
 That's a whole lot of... 
 I guess the story really never ends 
 Well here's the letter to my ex... 
 I swear she used to be my best friend 
 Now she's a memory from back... 
 I know she probably miss... 
 Big... in the... play 
 She the last of my ex miss... stress 
 Damn. 
 Somebody tell me what's love 
 What's your definition of love? 
 Is love buying one another different gifts 
 Hold up... depending on the price tag 
 Is that love? 
 I mean... somebody genuine I'm feeling like... love 
 It don't' give a damn on me anyway 
 Maybe relationships...