Dear lord. 
 I understand all the problem I'm about to express to you 
 Our things you already know 
 Well here goes nothing 
 Dear lord I'm on my knees and I'm begging please 
 Just help me father this time I'm really in need 
 Feeling like I just can't go on mama cry she lost her home 
 Feels runnin' all down to face... to be gone 
 My car... so stressed that the day go by 
 ... And I don't know why big mama just please don't' cry 
 Time give a little ruff I know when I can't give it up I don't 
 Got... in all their way see the stars when the... I won't 
 Sometimes I ask myself will I be a good father 
 'Cause I've never had mine would I give the world to my daughters 
 Live then you learned... what you're soul... grind like... 
 Only lord knows what the hell I really do 
 All the nights... stay no food 
 Dear god tell me what I'm gonna do 
 And only lord knows all the time when I was on my grind 
 He help what I never could find... what I couldn't... 
 And only lord knows, lord knows lord knows 
 And only lord knows what the hell I really been through 
 All the... my mama couldn't move 
 And all the pain I've been through 
 And only lord knows 
 ... Sick and tired of this pain 
 Hate the lames in this game only down because of my name 
 ... Because of my fame 
 Lord knows the... that you came lord knows the nice that I've cried 
 Can't hope the pain is inside, lord watch the tears from my eyes 
 Have you seen the letter of... no place to go but you wishin 
 Got a bless comin' you've lived it yeah... it's my vision 
 I've been through hell and I'm... how to see the best that I'm... 
 Lost the... of my dogs mister nigga like shit 
 What it feel resigned in.my heart 
 Soul... I'm... I'ma do it for... god damn is hard 
 What the f*k is rapping I really need this shit 
 Blossom in tears I really get it on 
 Only lord knows what the hell I really been through 
 All the nights... stay no food 
 Dear god tell me what I'm gonna do 
 And only lord knows all the time when I was on my grind 
 He help what I never could find... what I couldn't... 
 And only lord knows, lord knows, lord knows 
 And only lord knows what the hell I really been through 
 All the... my mama couldn't move 
 And all the pain I've been through 
 And only lord knows 
 ... That I wake I grind no time never wait for mine 
 Still waiting on the day I shine my soul in every part every line 
 I remember when I had no food life's hard bills over... 
 Lord knows that I've paid my dues and forgive when I had that... 
 They say my mama sickly thank god she seen her... 
 I pray and ask forgiveness just please lord keep her with me 
 I was down and now... yesterday middle that struggle... this year... blessed 
 To say 
 ... So fucked up... prices is too high time... and I ain't gonna lie 
 ... Try to get by so who the hell is you to be judged 
 Man away from literally nothing yeah I'm talkin' literally nothing. 
 And only lord knows 
 I thank you Jesus for keeping me 
 Your name my pray 
 And only lord knows