This is no longer music 
 It's a celebration homie 
 Let's make a toast (Toast) 
 To the young don 
 And to the gangsters, until they postpone 
 To all the hustlers, that's on the cash grind 
 To those we lost to war and looking for a lifetime 
 I do it for the G's, I do it for the streets 
 This one for history, I'm toasting this to me 
 Glasses in the air! (It's a celebration baby) 
 I'm toasting this to me 
 Glasses in the air! And this for history 
 True story I was born into the Lord's glory 
 Hustle and ambition, vision first class ported 
 And that's according I was cordial on my first formal 
 Trying to make a mill' coming off of four quarters 
 I am so Florida Marlin in my own water 
 Swimming with the sharks, slaughter anyting by the 
 Feeling like an orphan, never knew my real father 
 Guess that's why I'm going harder than my role model 
 Signed to the biggest label that enable Carter 
 Now they paying Hood out there to my armor model 
 And every Ace of Spades bottle till the last swallow 
 Only taint to ever trained to get the last dollar 
 Black flag scholar, Louis Vuitton don 
 A hundred for the watch, just waiting for the right time 
 I just realized in my money state of mind 
 I'm on another level devils meet me in the sky 
 I used to wake up morning, yawning where I want to be 
 People I want to meet, and places I've been dying to see 
 No hope of selling coke or dope, I'm going back to sleep 
 Now I awake with paper bags, cash under feet 
 Throw up the W to represent my dynasty 
 And all honesty the prodigy see no defeat 
 Keep all apoligies, the modesty is all to me 
 It's ruthless mindframe is the way to be 
 I burn a hater, blow the ashes on his daddy feet 
 May he be deceased, look until you see the beast 
 While I could see you getting rich and niggas envy me 
 It's deeper than the rap, the realist shit a nigga speak 
 Private planes take me everywhere they wish to see 
 And Khaled taking me to heights they only wish to be 
 Flyest without a wing, the American dream 
 It's a bird, it's a plane, naw it's just me 
 Shout out to Khaled, shout out to Def Jam 
 Shout out to We the Best, what up Dollas and Deals? 
 Shout out to A.D., what up Fo' Fifth? 
 What up Kitgo? What up P Bo? 
 Blood no go, what up A.C.? 
 I love you Blonde D, I love you big sis' 
 I love you little sis', I love you 2Pac 
 And I will never stop, let's toast to the top 
 Ace Hood baby! 
 This is no longer music 
 This is a celebration baby 
 I've been introduced to the finer things in life 
 Thank you Lord 
 Thank you Lord! 
 Khaled! I told them 
 Make a toast to them 
 Hi haters!