(Chorus - Ace Hood) 
 I'ma ride for my city, grind for my city 
 Dare you to fuck with me, the 9 resides with me 
 Ayo! 
 I'm so 9 to 5 4, the heart of my city, the core of Broward 
 Aye where we at?! 
 Aye Lauderdale! 
 Aye where we at?! 
 Aye Pompano! 
 Aye where we at?! 
 Aye Deerfield the crib is my home 
 Aye where we at?! 
 Aye Lauderdale! 
 Aye where we at?! 
 Aye Pompano! 
 Aye where we at?! 
 Aye Deerfield is real and I know! 
 Goon city! 
 (Verse 1 - Broward County All-Stars) 
 I got a .9 in this '54 
 That means I got a license partner if you didn't know 
 It's a drought, oh you didn't know? 
 So he lying if he say he get it for the low 
 I make them other counties mad 
 When I drive fast in my Broward County tags 
 Brown money bag looking down on that ass 
 I got that Broward County swag 
 Kiss my Broward County ass 
 I represent that Broward shit daily 
 Dope like a spoon in the '80s 
 Bricks in the dashboard, all black Mercedes 
 Strapped like a baby in car seats 
 Three eighty on the car seat 
 Riding down Sunrise, work in the RV 
 Headed to the East where them zoes got that fungi 
 Fuck around let them choppers sing call it R 'n' beef 
 Broward County at the heart of me 
 (Verse 2 - Broward County All-Stars) 
 I do this shit for Broward so I'm speaking to the ra 
 I'm the hottest thing smoking, everything I spit is fire 
 My hood like my chain because I love it with a passion 
 The way I'm in the game you can call me Jerry Magnum 
 Hip-hop was dead so I took it out the casket 
 Thanks to Lauderdale now my money like Alaska 
 I spit it like Khaled, Lauderdale we the best 
 A.M.P. I'm the reason Broward County got respect 
 Pompano I represent the tiv 
 J Stylez, all about the Benjamins 
 A young stunner, hustle like none other 
 I produce 'cash flow', call me a Runner 
 Have you heard of me? 
 Nigga probably not 
 Because I been in the kitchen trying to get this work the lot 
 There's three grinders, smoking weed, and selling rocks 
 And I'ma rep Broward County till I'm in a box 
 (Verse 3 - Broward County All-Stars and Ace Hood) 
 Black flag swag, black Chevrolet 
 The whole county love me 
 Even those who ain't met me yet 
 Holler at me (incomprehensible) that's right I'll except a check 
 Bitch I am from Pompano, you'll never disrespect my 'jects 
 The .5 with me, and I will kill 
 Fuck with the goons from Hollywood up to Deerfield 
 A lot dead homie, Lauderdale live will, murder caps since '99 
 The pussies boy I'm still here 
 (Ace Hood) 
 I'm the king it is Broward County savior 
 Pot of brown on that crown, call that macadamia 
 Fuck around, chopper down, you are miscellaneous 
 Not a sound, blocker blow, trash bag pay me up 
 Walk into my stadium it's Broward County mania 
 Name me one, anybody hotter than this alien 
 If you buy uranium, fuck a hater bury him 
 Hottest nigga born, soak it in your cranium!