South Park Mexican talkin: 
 Uh, yo, pick up the music a little bit 
 For my nigga, Filero on this biotch. 
 Yo, what's up, what's up JC? 
 Man it's real man, here we go. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 I'm a have to smoke, I'm a have to fuckin' toke 
 Keep it in my lungs like an inside joke 
 No damn hope, I 'loc with the game 
 Got married at the crack hotel in south man 
 Holla if you feel me, wet like willy 
 Got my own island like that little nigga Gilly 
 And the damn Skipper, fuckin' that Ginger 
 Could've played proball but I got injured 
 Man I wouldn't kid ya, I'm a throw dew 
 Got a fine bitch in the 6 0 2 
 It's more on the menu, I'm a get in ya 
 You watch Ms. America 'cause I fucked Ms. Virginia 
 I'm known to burst. Scared? Go to church 
 Got the block hotter than your girlfriend penurch 
 I'm a scrape the curbs with my brand new 20's 
 Go buy some more 'cause to me is just pennies 
 I won 2 emmy's, man I win awards 
 Got so much heat I could open up your pours 
 Fresh out the county, fresh like downy 
 Now my mama high 'cause she ate my weed brownies 
 Now she trippin' callin' 911 
 I'm sad 'cause she called me a what a bad son 
 But I promise it's gon' wear off soon 
 Do what I do and just watch some cartoons 
 I'm on calhoun, sometimes I feel used 
 'Cause a hoe just want to get in my fruit of the loom 
 I'm about the shrooms, I'm a spread the news 
 SPM undefeated can't lose 
 Hit the dank smooth, all night long 
 I love mama tattooed on my arm 
 Dope House charm, with the diamonds in it 
 I'm a fuck Missy Elliot for 1 minute 
 Then I'll be finished, I smoke spinach 
 Just like Popeye except a little different 
 I sell reggie but I smoke hydro ponic 
 I got more brown bags than shoes and Sonic 
 Man I'm on it, I mean I'm on my hustle 
 Never love a bitch 'cause I just don't trust her 
 Never popped this question, I'm a stay a bachelor 
 I'm in the kitchen flippin' cookies with my spatula 
 Do what I have to, on the 3rd chapter 
 Talk with my glock when I come holla at ya 
 Call me the greaser, roach & a tweezer 
 Don't fuck with that nigga 'cause he's a 
 Muthafuckin' killer out the Hiller, cocaine dealer 
 Get my shit off a 18 wheeler 
 My niggas, niggas, bar sippers 
 Now I'm packin' flippers, large old flippers. 
 (Chorus: Scratching) 
 I'm a Roll 84's till them hoes start clackin'. 
 If you want to jack, I got somethin' for ya. 
 Stop at chimmy change for the beans and rice. 
 Then to the store I need a 40 and some dice. 
 Hillwood hustla, never caught sleepin'. 
 Caught another case so I got to call my lawyer. 
 Got a fine chick that look just like LaToya... 
 Run you out my city like them Tennessee Oilers. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 You can play hockey, I'm a play hookie 
 On the mic niggas sayin' I'm the dookie 
 They tryin' to shoot me 'cause I'm makin' movies 
 Went gold twice, buy ice and rubies 
 I'm a eat at Lugies, save my doobies 
 She in a D cup 'cause I bought them boobies 
 I'm a take the tuna, shoes are puma 
 I'm a go on vacation to Blue Lagoona 
 'Cause I like to scuba, on the island Aruba 
 I'm a eat a bowl of beans & I'm a play the tuba 
 See I'm awful throwed, y'all should also know 
 That I'm with a swamp thing and Papa Dough 
 And he frozen, got the what house on the ocean 
 Fuck her in the ass with some suntan lotion 
 All in the Oakland, where people could see 
 My next door neighbor's takin' pictures of me 
 I'm a powerful man, I bought a house on the sand 
 Bought the lot and told the cops get off of my land 
 With my barbie, I'm a throw a party 
 They want my autograph but I don't got a Sharpie 
 No more bacardi, I'm drunk I need some coffee 
 About to throw up bitch get the fuck off me 
 But anyway man, hold them up, who is you 
 You ain't my girlfriend, my girlfriend was wearin' blue 
 But you suck a good dick, so I won't say shit 
 Then I saw the bitch kissin' on my boy Nick 
 But what he don't know ain't gon' hurt him though 
 But hold up when he hear this song he'll be swoll 
 Man, I'm a have to tell him that his album sucks 
 And he shouldn't buy it or even listen to it once 
 So let it be a lesson any girl that you meet 
 Take her to the store and tell that bitch to brush her teeth. 
 (Chorus: Scratching) 
 I'm a Roll 84's till them hoes start clackin'. 
 If you want to jack, I got somethin' for ya. 
 Stop at chimmy change for the beans and rice. 
 Then to the store I need a 40 and some dice. 
 Hillwood hustla, never caught sleepin'. 
 Caught another case so I got to call my lawyer. 
 Got a fine chick that look just like LaToya... 
 Run you out my city like them Tennessee Oilers.