South Park Mexican: 
 Yo yo, I wanna welcome, welcome everybody to HustleTown. 
 We... Are we recordin'? 
 All right let's do this fellas. 
 For years I've been workin' on the Block of Rock 
 For years I've been keepin' nina glock on clock. [4X] 
 For years homeboy, for years... 
 Baby Bash: 
 Now if you want to battle me then it's on 
 I'm blowed while I'm creepin' up whip out my Tek so now you gone. 
 You shouldn't have tried that set up now your ass is gettin' wet up 
 'Cause real G's from the South East will leave you haters tryin' to get up 
 You'll definitely get dealt with if your bitch ass has a death wish 
 And on your grave I tag it's the muthafuckin' Rick that you don't mess with 
 So let me keep stressin' that lesson to all y'all players & y'all haters 
 Haters keep watchin' y'all back & y'all players keep creepin' and stackin' that paper. 
 Baby Bash: 
 Now Now why do these haters wanna plex? 
 Why do they wanna be startin' mess? 
 Get the fuck out my face is what I suggest 
 'Cause I really don't think that you wanna test this Mex 
 Comin' straight out the South East side of that Tex 
 So if there's somethin' you gotta get off your chest 
 It's best that you don't express it. 
 It's hard enough for a Mexican 
 So I really don't need all that plexin' 
 There's all kinds of player haters out there so please wait let me tell you about those. 
 First you got them fraud ass hoes 
 Then you got them fraud popo's 
 Then you got them fraud ass niggas in the streets who just wanna plex and take yours. 
 For years I've been workin' on the Block of Rock 
 For years I've been keepin' nina glock on clock. [4X] 
 For years nigga, for years... 
 Low-G: 
 Guess who's back from the pen 
 Out to win, Sippin' Gin with my kinfolk 
 Got's the grin on my face when I come through 
 If you ain't down with these G's muthafuck you 
 'Cause there's a straight up struggle in my barrio 
 2nd Ward gettin' high on the patio 
 And when I'm wet I'm a threat to a rival set 
 I get respect when I step with my new Tek 
 Don't sweat I check hoes daily 
 On the regular talkin' to your lady 
 On the cellular creepin' on the Lowride 
 In the middle of the night with no lights 
 In the .45 chillin' at the Dope House 
 Low G. is somethin' you don't know about 
 Little tricks on my dick 24 7 
 Treat them like a bitch and still got them hoes beggin'. 
 Keep it real for my people, I fear no evil 
 Stayin' high till I die flyin' like a eagle. 
 And as you know. 
 For years I've been workin' on the Block of Rock 
 For years I've been keepin' nina glock on clock. [4X] 
 For years homeboy, for years... 
 South Park Mexican: 
 You superficial talkin' 'about life with a pistol 
 But you's a hoe livin' clean as a whistle 
 My missles, oh they do leave body dimples 
 Attack your whole staff like a pack full of pitballs. 
 You simple, I'm complex 
 And comin' on next, Oh take a wild guess 
 The South Park Mex 
 Spark sess blow smoke in the darkness 
 You don't wanna start mess with the heartless 
 I be the smartest, hardest, artist. 
 My GM shine brighter than the golden arches 
 Shootin' star yes, Ol' trick no blow indo 
 Before they kick door, Then flip coke 
 Tip-toe to the top 
 Tellin' thug tales of wicked love spells 
 Hoes and drug sales, Some fell 
 In fact it's most 
 So a toast to my niggas who died in the smoke. 
 For years I've been workin' on the Block of Rock 
 For years I've been keepin' nina glock on clock. [4X] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 H-Town, HustleTown, Did this for y'all, My boy Low-G. 
 We got love for every neighborhood is this world. No Sett Trippin'.