1st Verse: 
 I woke up quick, at around 2:00 
 Jumped in my benz, picked up DJ Screw 
 Boys out there, makin' them tapes 
 Separate the real niggas from the fakes 
 My boy just got out, did a flat ten 
 And he just can't stop talkin' bout that pen 
 My best friend, but time destroys all men 
 Now he don't give a fuck about goin' again 
 It ain't all good, but I ain't missin' no money 
 I'm just a thug muthafucka and you can't take nothin' from me 
 Somebody once said they wanna see me dead 
 The next week they found the boy with two holes in his head 
 I break bread with my killas in the H-TX 
 It's the SP-Mex, in the all black stretch 
 Known for my purity, pride, and security 
 A house costs as much as one piece of my jewelry. 
 'Cause the boys on the cut don't give a fuck 
 You come talkin' that shit, your eyes get shut 
 Boys out there, slangin' that yay 
 Only pussy muthafuckas say that crime don't pay. [x2] 
 2nd Verse: 
 The time has come, and the day is here 
 Two thousand one, is my muthafuckin' year 
 I come from the head, it's the boy named Los 
 The one that got everybody on they toes 
 Straight up, and still I sell dope for a livin' 
 In the form of a compact disc, fuck prison 
 No more savin' cans, no more collectin' pennies 
 I'll have your fuckin' clique hollerin' "Who killed Kenny?" 
 For my Gangsta bitch, that I just met 
 She ridin' my dick, chuckin' up her set 
 I dance with the wolves, this is for my hood 
 Got the whole World fiendin' for the dope I cut. 
 'Cause the boys on the cut don't give a fuck 
 You come talkin' that shit, your eyes get shut 
 Boys out there, slangin' that yay 
 Only pussy muthafuckas say that crime don't pay. 
 Breakdown [Ayana M.]: 
 Fire... 
 We on fire... 
 We ain't gone stop... 
 Droppin' these bombs... [x2] 
 3rd Verse: 
 I was 12 years old, when I did my first jack 
 And I don't think that bitch ever got her purse back 
 With 15 rocks, I bought my first car 
 Cooked my first batch of dope in a pickle jar 
 It's like uno, dos, tres, young Happy Perez 
 Got me sellin' this dope to anyone on two legs 
 Boys talkin' down, but I give 2 fucks 
 Step in my face, I put you in an all-black tux 
 Layin' in a casket, hard as a rock 
 My lead, hit'cha head and make it snap, crackle, and pop 
 Now how many times do I have to tell ya? 
 All my life I've been called a failure! 
 My freestyle flow, is so untouchable 
 I just got out the county jail two months ago 
 Now I'm in the studio, just like Julio 
 In the city where them bitches never won a Super Bowl 
 Man I can't stop, I'm a keep on droppin' 
 Seven of my bitches at the same mall shoppin' 
 At the galleria, tell me have you seen her? 
 I fuck a country singer and a Houston ballerina 
 Plus a fine ass China, I used to be a dreamer 
 Now I bought my Mom and Dad a navigator and a beamer 
 Leave a mark in this game, ask Ted Indian 
 I don't give a fuck 'cause every month I make a million. 
 Breakdown [Ayana M.]: 
 Fire... 
 We on fire... 
 We ain't gone stop... 
 Droppin' these bombs...