(Verse 1: South Park Mexican) 
 Now we sleep all day and party all night 
 I'm pickin' up my homey from the what, Northside 
 Tommy's on my shirt and nike's on my shoes 
 We rollin' in the 'burban on them killer 22's 
 Hit the Southside and pick up 2 twins 
 You can take Kelly's booty, I'm a do Kim's 
 Cop's don't like me, not everyone agrees 
 I sag so low that my belts around my knees 
 Bass be boomin' make the girl's asses wiggle 
 My girl's gettin' drunk and she's showin' me her nipple 
 23rd and Sherman, I stop to get a sack 
 Sunday afternoon, I put Mason on the map 
 'Cause the dopeman got 'em in a 6 4 drop 
 Sometimes I'm on elbow, sometimes I'm on chop 
 Dope House Clique and we all got cloud 
 Peace to DJ Lobo and my homey Bill Styles. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 'Cause my posse's is on Broadway... 
 Rasheed: 
 I ride with my nigga, lie for my nigga 
 Smoke fry with my nigga, shine with my nigga 
 I'd die for my nigga, cry for my nigga 
 Stay High with my nigga, my nigga 
 My Nigga. 
 (Verse 2: South Park Mexican) 
 Hangin' with my niggas in the Hillwood Grove 
 Chicken's in my kitchen cookin' in my stove 
 Imagine I've been saggin' ever since I could walk 
 Been beggin' you to listen ever since I could talk. 
 Double in my money, even make it triple 
 I've never been a bum, but I'm beggin' for a nickel 
 Still dippin' sticks with a throwed ass bitch 
 Workin' those lips, but I don't mean a kiss 
 Roll with fucking killers, we all got straps 
 Walkin' through my hood with a woodgrain mac 
 Slip 'em in a coma, slangin' on my cut 
 It took alot of work to get my block so crunk. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 'Cause my posse's on Broadway... 
 Rasheed: 
 I eat with my nigga, sleep with my nigga 
 Cook beat with my nigga, Creep with my nigga 
 On feet with my nigga, drink with my nigga 
 Pack heat with my nigga, my nigga 
 My Nigga. 
 (Verse 3: South Park Mexican) 
 Now we back in population, we all got straps 
 Run around town, in trophy trucks and 'lacs 
 The wheels keep turnin' I'm choppin' up the wind 
 I see the girls lookin' they wanna jump in 
 Now the front ends hoppin' and the car begins to dance 
 My 40 ounce bottle, is spillin' on my pants 
 Ridin' too deep, in the 4-door '77 
 I'm tryin' to count my TV's, I think I got 11 
 Now we all got love for the '63 Impala 
 Ruby is the short one, claimin' Guatemala 
 Bobby is the mix breed, people think he's funny 
 Behind us in the Cougar and he's hoppin' like a bunny 
 Bird's keep flyin' I feel like a Hawaiian 
 'Cause my backyard looks like an exotic island 
 Creepin' Harrisburg, the party broke left 
 I make a U-Turn 'cause I'm 
 Broadway to my death. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 'Cause my posse's on Broadway... 
 Rasheed: 
 I roll with my nigga, smoke with my nigga 
 Fuck hoes with my nigga, blow with my nigga 
 Buy clothes with my nigga, throw with my nigga 
 Cook dough with my nigga, my nigga 
 My Nigga. 
 I chill with my nigga, deal with my nigga 
 Pop pills with my nigga, steal for my nigga 
 I'd kill for my nigga, feel my nigga 
 On wheels with my nigga, my nigga 
 My Nigga. 
 South Park's in the muthafuckin' house y'all 
 South Park's in the muthafuckin' house 
 South Park's in the muthafuckin' house y'all [*gunshots*] 
 South Park's in the muthafuckin' house!