South Park Mexican: 
 Wizard Of OZ at the age of 14 
 In New Orleans I met my first dope fiend 
 A rock 'n' roll king, but this was no dream 
 Spend so much cash they call me Mean Joe Green 
 On the protein caught a case of bullplein 
 Money to be made when my cell phone ring 
 Sip codine hoes say I'm so mean 
 When my niggas freestylin' 'bout the same old thing 
 'Cause I'm servin' the white and smokin' the green 
 All the real muthafuckers sure know what I mean 
 A cut from my G's it means nothin' to me 
 To turn my bitch out and let em' fuck her for free 
 'Cause I know you and you know me 
 I got niggas that'll front me 2 whole keys 
 True homies that learn to survive 
 Lord knows that these streets tryin' to Burn Us Alive. 
 Lord knows that these streets tryin' to Burn Us Alive. [x4] 
 Grimm: 
 I remember way back way back in the day 
 Used to be broke now this rap shit pays me 
 Uh, me and Los had a million dollar scheme. What? 
 Platinum, at the age of 17 
 But that ain't shit. Nigga. & I don't give a fuck 
 Used to roll around in a beat up pickup truck 
 Used to sit back blow a sweet sip drank 
 But lost my niggas but I'm still stuck in the deep game 
 Hustlin' all night, keepin' your money tight 
 You think you blow us up and everything gon' be all right 
 Man, kiss my baby make the game my wife 
 Don't make me cock my shit and put one in your life 
 You tryin' to take this because you hate this, bitch 
 You'll know when I am through just to make this, bitch 
 And man believe me homey, nigga I'm a survivor. 
 Cause Lord knows that these streets tryin' to Burn Us Alive. 
 Lord knows that these streets tryin' to Burn Us Alive. [x4] 
 Happy Perez: 
 Now is you in or out, can't be caught in between 
 So quick decisions, we swishin' is you thinkin' of bein' 
 See wearin' this or that can be something you claim 
 You put in all in one thing and be described as your name 
 Again the do's & don't's 
 Make sure you know what you swish 
 Sprays of family get your love treat your hoe like a bitch 
 It's the up's & downs of the lives that we live 
 Some niggas fuckin' around so with their wife and their kid 
 Alot of give and take, nobody said that it'd be easy 
 The cheddar ain't always cheesy, the wind ain't always breezy 
 Believe me from here to there and back 
 It's all the same like makin' cane turn to crack for stacks 
 And black jacks to craps every bait is covered 
 And break the bread with my brothers 
 But can't forget my mother 
 She told me live and die by everything you try. 
 And lord knows that these streets tryin' to Burn Us Alive. 
 Lord knows that these streets tryin' to Burn Us Alive. [x2]