South Park Mexican: 
 Yo, I ain't got no hook for this jam 
 Here we go, here we go 
 I'm just gonna let y'all feel the music on the hooks. 
 You Know what I'm sayin'? 
 Here we go. 
 In the rancho everybody knows Carlos 
 Still writin' and still fumando arbos 
 I'm locked up with my gente, no hay salida 
 Tryin' to finish up this book about my vida 
 On appeal and it's gonna take a full year 
 They askin' me if I wanna go to school here 
 At a time when a person really needs a friend 
 I'm thinkin' 'about gettin' back on them streets again 
 I gave the Benz to Happ and the Vet to Beesh 
 I hope they use 'em to ride on my enemies 
 I got 2 left. Whaz up young Hugh Heff? 
 I heard my brother just signed up a new cheff 
 Lucky Lu the Screwston freestyler 
 Y'all just wishin' that the Dope House would die. Huh? 
 I heard your boys talkin' down, bumpin' lips 
 But big mouths is only good for suckin' dicks 
 When I was free none of y'all step to me 
 Now that I'm locked, you hoes is disrespectin' me 
 I'll be back before you bitch niggas count to 10 
 But I can touch you way before I'm out the pen 
 No names, I don't play that silly game 
 You smokin' too much weed, you ain't no killer maine 
 I bring vengeance, can't put it all in one sentence 
 But if there is a hell, I can show you to the entrance. 
 Breakdown: 
 Muthafucker, oh yeah 
 And this shit don't stop 
 I told you they can't stop it 
 Yo 
 Here we go, 2 verses. 
 Everybody's day comes, I fuckin' ate crumbs 
 I'm not a star but now I date some 
 Those who knew me, as a child growin' up 
 See my Benz turn around and start throwin' up. 
 What y'all think? That I'm happy cause a new car 
 You come to me sayin' "I don't care who you are" 
 I knew you when you wasn't nothin' and still ain't 
 You just Carlos Coy but on a little tape. 
 You think your bad with your big house and fancy ride? 
 But a man is only good for what he has inside 
 So I say. Then why are you so mad? 
 Have you ever heard of me to go brag? 
 On this earth I'm no better than anybody 
 I was more happier without any money 
 I haven't changed not one little bitty bit 
 To be honest y'all the ones who really did 
 Hatin' me 'cause you live in misery 
 But there's other ways of takin' kicks and dissin' me 
 No revenge, I just want my family and friends 
 Fuck the Benz and you can have the millions 
 All I want is a worm & a fishin' pole 
 Behind bars is the little things you miss the most 
 All the parties, the clubs they don't mean nothin' 
 I miss tellin' little kids they can be somethin' 
 Give 'em hope 'cause I know they up against the odds 
 Tell 'em do they best, leave the rest to God 
 Man I know they make you feel like you don't belong 
 Can't see your own kind only shows this song 
 Little homey that's only 'cause they scared of us 
 Don't play me, they say 'cause I bare too much 
 I'm not negative but tryin' to be a pessimist 
 But your fear got you hatin' on the Mexican's. 
 Carolyn: 
 Fuck these jealous hoes, Player hatin' hoes 
 They fuckin' with my Los, Oh 
 I gave you my whole life, my body and my mind 
 My love and my time, you know I'll rise 
 Oh it's Dope House that's for life 
 I told you bitches once 
 And now I'll I tell you twice 
 It's Dope House for life. The home of the brave 
 This niggas cannot play, you can try it your own way 
 And see your day 
 For all my G's on lock, for those who rep they block 
 For those who's in the box 
 You know, we don't stop.