ESG: 
 Just 'cause we live in the country 
 Doesn't mean that we slow. 
 Chorus [ESG]: 
 Hey, hey, Country Life 
 Southern strife. 
 What gives you the damn right to come pointin' fingers down at me? 
 My life is so slow. 
 1st Verse [ESG]: 
 I live that C O 
 The U N 
 The T to the R to the Y 
 The E to the S to the G be screamin' Southside till I die. 
 See I ride with Carlos or should I say the SPM? 
 A 6 3, high, 2 D's, I almost cracked my damn rims 
 I swang and bang, I do my thing 
 Mary Jane be in my brain 
 Codeine in the cup, got 20's on the truck 
 Hold up! Country Life, we got horses and chickens 
 But our chickens transform into ounces in the kitchen 
 I ain't snitchin' I'm spittin' on what we do in Southern life 
 Candy cars, ghetto stars be sippin' Ball all night 
 2 dice, swangin' and bangin' and doin' my thing all night 
 I paid the price to have my teeth filled with ice 
 Look twice you might get blinded by the way my diamonds glisten 
 E S G's who I be, boy I'm country like chitlins 
 And cornbread, I'm gone fed, Kenny Red ain't no joke 
 A Last Resort like Papa Roach 
 Pass the sweet and let's smoke 
 'Cause uh... 
 Chorus [ESG]: [x2] 
 Country Life 
 Southern strife. 
 What gives you the damn right to come pointin' fingers down at me? 
 My life is so slow. 
 2nd Verse [ESG]: 
 Got to keep on truckin' baby till the end 'cause we got to make it through 
 You see I know these K K K's, they on my trail, they searched my room 
 Country Life ain't all what it seems 
 And some of y'all think it's a muthafuckin' dream 
 But I got many problems on my mind 
 My weed tolerance is down & I can't get high 
 Besides that, it's hot as hell outside 
 The temperature keeps on risin' 
 And I ain't got A/C in my ride 
 I don't abide 
 I ain't the one, I ain't the dumb 
 Country man that you really think I am 
 Country Life. 
 Chorus [ESG]: [x2] 
 Country Life 
 Southern strife. 
 What gives you the damn right to come pointin' fingers down at me? 
 My life is so slow. 
 3rd Verse [South Park Mexican]: 
 I'm the country pumpkin, comin' out the South uh 
 Rascal like Spanky and Bash is Alfalfa 
 Pull it up out'cha, ki's in my couch uh 
 8 in my fam, I don't give a damn about ya 
 Yowza, yowza I sleep with the cows uh 
 Rattlesnakes and crickets in my overall trousers 
 Got my own stable, own record label 
 Sittin' on the table, eatin' steak and potatoes 
 Sip sippin' on syrup, pickin' your girl up 
 Take her to my trailer and she make my toes curl up 
 Silence them boys when they see my toys 
 My Dooley, on 22 inch chrome alloy's 
 Got a bourbon that I stretched to fit 24 people 
 Call me Chico with security that look like Deebo 
 I used to hang in clubs sellin' tapes in the restrooms 
 Now I float in the boat with 6 bedrooms. 
 Chorus [ESG]: [x2] 
 Country Life 
 Southern strife. 
 What gives you the damn right to come pointin' fingers down at me? 
 My life is so slow.