We ain't trippin' y'all 1 damn 1 damn time. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 What the damn deal? To the Dallas Texas 
 Last night I had a girl with a big ass and small breastes 
 She was so precious, she was so 'about it 
 I lost my damn phone but my homeboy found it 
 I'm SP Mexy, girls think I'm sexy 
 Back in Jr. High I use to dress a little preppy 
 Now I'm in the benzo, with my boy Jo-Jo 
 With the Juan Gotti and the DJ Lobo 
 I'm in the hotel, smokin' that godel 
 Got the whole... [gunshots:] ridin' on my cotail 
 Sippin' on the lean, throwed methozyne 
 With my boy Frankie he a kumbia king 
 I'm a sag my jeans, down to my knees. 
 Can I get a hit, off the swisher man please? 
 I'm so alert, boys gettin' hurt 
 Step to the S, I'm a let my gun squirt 
 I got to roll with the K & no in 
 That's the damn home of the SPM 
 Oh my lord, it's such a pretty day 
 I love the D-Town & I think I'm gon' stay 
 This for my Raza, I got a beer panza 
 I just burned my fingers tryin' to smoke a coocaracha 
 Ay mama mia, rest in peace to Aaliyah 
 I miss you like I miss that Selena Quintanilla 
 Hold them up and let them go hard on the mic 
 I use to sell crack on a 10 speed bike. 
 What's up to Maria? She from Handuras 
 My family from Mexico they still robbin' tourists 
 I'm in my room, rollin' up ganja 
 My mom's in the kitchen, rollin' up masa 
 The whole metro plex, SP Mex 
 My boy at a photo's just gave me some X 
 I'm a pop one, guess it's time to get Wiggy 
 Guess who I saw Santa coming down my chimney 
 Hold 'em up man, I need to ask Rasheed. 
 Say muthafucker, what you put in this weed? 
 Smoked out in my new truck, Delux 
 Ask me if I'm fucked-up, pretty much 
 Make a hoe with the one touch, time for lunch 
 Let's jump in my bathtub, bubble suds 
 I can see with my 3rd eye, birds eye view 
 I got to survive, so chew 
 We roll with the tech 9, teflon 
 This sign at the times man, all wrong 
 My niggas in the coupe shootin' up the place 
 You talk shit, but never in my fuckin' face 
 Holla back if you can dude, murder rough 
 But I've only killed a hand fool, earlier 
 I was drunk and was on caine 
 Now it's 7:00 A.M. it's been a long day 
 I'm just tryin' to go to sleep, but I can't though 
 I keep seein' people lookin' in my back door 
 I just want to shoot in every direction 
 But I can't 'cause my kids is upstairs though 
 I look in the mirror I see Carlos 
 That's the cat that done lost all his marbles 
 I'm a go to the kitchen make some nachos 
 But all we got is fuckin' eggs and pot-o-toes 
 I got the new benz plus 2 chevey's 
 On 19 inch choppers they don't make 20's. 
 Enemies? Oh yeah man I got many 
 I bought a last fuckin' breath with a hot penny 
 I'm a serious nugga, oh it was trouble 
 Caught her at the club & I wooped her & I drug her 
 See I'm the bomb, got more hits than Chaka Chan 
 Smokin' ganja man, up in my amazon 
 Thick bitch, the only way I like them 
 She suck my dick while I'm playin' on my trike 
 Weave out of line, so refreshin' 
 Man they tryin' to get me for some weed possession 
 I'm mashin' and dashin' I ain't clashin' my lac 
 I'd rather let my nigga drive I'm a chill in the back 
 I'm a smoke Janey, the radio don't play me 
 Except the real niggas, the rest of y'all is ladies 
 Y'all should be wearin' dresses, I kick you out of Texas 
 I'm makin' wise investments, I bought 15 SKS's. 
 (x2) 
 The hood is the hood man 
 It don't matter where you from or what you claim 
 You still get your muthafuckin' cap pealed 
 Fuckin' with this tight circle that my click built. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 I'm with the Marco on the damn radio 
 I'm a blow big, I'm a watch my babies grow 
 I'm a say hello, eat a bowl of jello 
 I sleep with my gun underneath my damn pillow 
 See I got to get it, I'm super like unleded 
 Blastin' at my own kind is something that I dreaded 
 But I got to do it 'cause these boys gettin' stupid 
 In my new crib freakin' down a college student 
 Original gangsta, Houston I'm a thank ya 
 Peace to my mama and my guardian angel 
 I'm a get a pager, I mean the 2 razor 
 I'm a hit Shilly and her homegirl Asia 
 I'm a hell raiser, from what the damn south 
 Got alot of homies in the north no doubt 
 I puff and pout, Hillwood what I shout 
 Peace to northeast in the what jail route 
 Call him how I see him, everyone agreein' 
 Ain't no way that SPM could be a human bein' 
 Thuggin' & I'm G-in' my car is European 
 Got enough snow I could probably go skiin' 
 I'm a throwed dude, game in a shoe 
 In the land where they play the crack pipe like a flute. 
 Man what's the dealy? Hold them making gilly 
 In the lac jumpin' tryin' to pop a damn willy 
 See I'm just Los, that's all I ever be 
 Y'all remember me from the what Reveille 
 Ex girl Beverly, A B C D 
 E F G H I J K L M N O P 
 Q R S T U to the V 
 X to the Y & finally the Z 
 Man that's the end, SP to the M 
 Fin to go um, just ride in the wind.