(Juan Gotti: Verse 1) 
 Razaville Texas Houston to McAllen 
 Deep in San Anto, screw Rich y Valles 
 Rollin' throughout Dallas, Boritos and Corpus 
 Odessa, Laredo, the locos in Austin 
 Texas made Mexican's north of the border 
 Land of the free, smokin' weed with my Gordo. 
 Muthafuckers laid back in yo' Cadillac 
 Let me jump in this shit like back to back 
 Stay real for life, roll down south 
 For the wreckshop, for the hometown crowd 
 My alias is that Go Hard Mexican 
 Flowin' through your veins like medicine. 
 Wanna be down? On the H-Town 
 Real ballers fight for the rebound 
 B-Town to muthafuckin' G-Town 
 Creep around everybody G'd out 
 Can't see how you can dawg me out 
 Make me out, take me out 
 Deep south, my hood got more slack 
 Than 88 cowboys ridin' on horse back. 
 Top that! The Mexican's all that 
 Strike like a snake and attack like a bobcat. 
 (Baby Bash: Verse 2) 
 Hoe ass niggas, there ain't nothin' worse 
 They do it for panurch, but I do it for the purse 
 And I'm still on the search, sometimes I go to church 
 7 deuce old school Cadillac with the skirts 
 And I speak for muthafuckers on the couch and the flo' 
 'Cause a Mexican like my self is out for the dough 
 But you already know, if you got big pelota's 
 Anybody now a days, might be the chota's 
 A young Baby Beesh, he don't fuck with police 
 And he'll beat the dawg shit out your nephew and niece 
 If they ever get the snitchin' yellin' tellin' and singin' 
 I'm a call the whole squad and some heads gon' be ringin' 
 I'm Dope House stout, fuck a set up and no hear though 
 It's real talk, real breath, make it clear hoe! 
 Chorus: Carolyn: 
 Throw your hood up 
 All my G's represent 
 Turn up your deck 
 Dope House click came to wreck. 
 (South Park Mexican: Verse 3) 
 Money and the power, glass on the Prowler 
 Blaze up a blunt as I tell you all about a 
 Kill'a out the Hill'a, crawl like caterpillar 
 Pour a .44 up in my grapes ass for real'a 
 This for my gangsta's 45 stainless 
 Throw yo' set up, let me see your sign language 
 Sell a crack rock, steal a laptop 
 Jack for a key and sell that bitch for half off 
 Rollin' with my comrades 
 Buddy and we all blast, everybody bought Lac's 
 Everybody got stacks, some of us puff Black's 
 Some Newports 
 Tap tap Too $hort, even chop New York 
 If it ain't screwed up, I don't wanna hear it 
 Lac on pancake, while I'm pourin' up the syrup 
 In the pen-agena, Hillwood represent'a 
 Home of the rock, inside a broken antenna. 
 Muthafucker. 
 (Coast: Verse 4) 
 I throw my set rounds, I been at up's & down's 
 Anybody plays about it, my lady has sounds 
 Homey from the Nawf side & I'm all about mine 
 Money paper chasin' stack it up, I gotta count mine 
 'Cause I... 
 Was raised in a broken home, the groceries gone 
 Mama snortin' coke to the dome, but hold the foam 
 She left Coast alone, I'm slowly grown 
 And learned how to hold the chrome, My hope is gone. 
 Fuck bein' broke! Come on 
 I'm finna take ya to the spot where the homie's roam 
 We surely don't take no shit from nobody 
 So don't trip on nobody, get a clip in your body, uh 
 This the gut of the ghetto, Catholicism is in prison 
 We been with our religion, where I'm livin' 
 We been a victim, see we ain't just suspect's here 
 We leavin' proof, that there ain't been no justice here 
 My hood. 
 Chorus: Carolyn: 
 Throw your hood up 
 All my G's represent 
 Turn up your deck 
 Dope House click came to wreck. 
 (Lucky Luciano: Verse 5) 
 Came to wreck it. Huh? 
 Look up in the sky. Is it A Bird or A Plane? 
 Naw Superman is arrived here to save the damn day 
 Flyer than a pelican, leanin' off medicine 
 Johnny pay checks slash player made Mexican 
 There's my introduction, now let me start stuntin' 
 Blue and yellow diamonds on teeth, baby I'm bubblin' 
 Up like crack, Luck strike back 
 Wreckin' all these mic's got my money on stack 
 Hold up, come dust me off pass me the weed all right 
 Now mix me up some zip but baby don't put too much Sprite 
 I'm a tip stacker, swang a big Lac'a 
 Watchin' Andy Milonakis in my den on big plasma 
 Addicted to Henne and that strip club shit 
 Tell them hoes of the jump I'm a pimp you dumb bitch! 
 Sent to wreck and get a check 
 Turn up your deck, this dope 
 We iced up and priced up and crawlin' in Benzo's. 
 (Powda: Verse 6) 
 7:24' I be sackin' them digits 
 'Cause I'm a hustle till I die & I'm in it to win it 
 Makin' my paper independent, got 7 years in it 
 Dope House platinum eyes, nigga that's when we finish 
 Man it's a dirty game but yet I shine so clean 
 Nigga whatever you need and puff, now holla at me 
 Whether I'm hustlin' on the side or I'm droppin' these verses 
 I got a service for you hoes, just watch me disperse it 
 And I be hurtin' 'em when I pull up in a big body 
 They be followin' me, stockin' like the paparazzi 
 So fuck a hater they just mad, they can't shine like me 
 I got the 15's 10 inch reclined on screens 
 And I'm a fine dime piece, I be sharp as a crease 
 Quick to get it poppin' like water in hot grease 
 And it ain't nothin' new, it's just the same old shit 
 Another day, another dollar, another case to catch. 
 Chorus: Carolyn: 
 Throw your hood up 
 All my G's represent 
 Turn up your deck 
 Dope House click came to wreck. 
 (Rasheed: Verse 7) 
 Philly to South Park met him at Hillwood 
 Graduate 88, H-Town we still hood. 
 Remember me in the Hustle Town? 
 I let the Mary Go Round put the hustle down 
 "If yous' a Jane user 
 Throw your hands in the air" on this track SPM is the producer 
 Riddla' standin' On Da' Roof 
 Drop the flows in the booth 
 And drop the top on the coupe 
 Ain't no stoppin' the dude 
 My team makin' currency 
 Got 'em screamin' Dope House out in Germany 
 Rasheed #1 soldado 
 Puffin' on an avocado 
 With my foot up on the throttle 
 And a bottle of the Bourbon 'cause I swerve in the low-low 
 Solo' fo' sho' homies gettin' more dough 
 Sleepin' is for dreamers on the block like block 
 Throw your hood up, throw your hood up 
 Let it drop! 
 (Grimm: Verse 8) 
 Cadillac driver, up and down the slab maine 
 Cousin, man is nothin' but supreme in my gas tank 
 Tippin' on the fast lane, chuggin' on some top flight 
 Grindin' shinnin' blindin' like a spot light 
 Swangin' on them cops like Cuttie that's Graimmy 
 Yeah they might want us, but they won't get behind me 
 Now I'm doin' 90, all gas no breaks 
 Fuckin' with your boy, get your punk ass hoe faced 
 Drop you like a dope case, faster than a pony kick 
 Nigga beat your feet, kick some rocks with that homey shit 
 Most the time we loadin' clips 
 Otherwise we holdin' chips 
 Hittin' scores, kickin' doors 
 Pimpin' whores, rollin' whips 
 So we dip stun and we slide to them Screw tapes 
 Pistol in the waist line, money in the suit case 
 Drop it in a cool place 
 Everything's gravity 
 This is for streets 'cause my hood is my family. 
 Chorus: Carolyn: 
 Throw your hood up 
 All my G's represent 
 Turn up your deck 
 Dope House click came to wreck. 
 (Quota: Verse 9) 
 You can call me Mr. Break-a- Brick, take a trip 
 Tape a thousand grams to the bumper, Man and make it flip 
 I'm an interstate veteran, pedal to the max 
 I see the federal for my stash, my Beretta on my lap 
 'Cause I'm a street hustler, 20,000 miles just this summer 
 Ever since the 1st day of June, nappin' on a cama 
 Got that Boomerang glow, once I throw it in the pot 
 Is comin' right back I promise, dawg I'm blowin' up the spot 
 Listen, it's only me I got a million dollar corner 
 Fed's tap my house phone and they still out of order 
 I'm the son of a preacher man, mama knows I'm thuggin' 
 And I should have been a chef the way I cook crack up your oven met 
 Teachers taught us "Just say no." I had to hustle though 
 Even that I stayed broke, didn't want to struggle so 
 Buy half & 8 ball, hit the block runnin' 
 Thought the world was mine till I saw the cops comin' 
 And it's too late. 
 (Low-G: Verse 10) 
 My homey died and the cops called it drug related 
 I was standin' right there when his mother fainted 
 And I felt trapped, 'cause I know I gotta choose fate 
 I grabbed my nina and made that bitch lose weight 
 Since 88 with a nick in my tube socks 
 I been a G since you was tryin' to do the moonwalk 
 I'm from a place that they call Hondura's 
 Nothin' fake about my life except my car insurance 
 Bullet proof vest, my jefa sense stress 
 Nothin' positive about me, except my piss test 
 I grew up in a house full of empty stomachs 
 While other kids was at McDonald's gettin' 20 nuggets 
 And I'm known all across the ghetto's 
 Boy you think the fuckin' law, so don't pawn my huelo's 
 My chrome spits & I know to chase hoe clicks 
 Nate at the club dancin' with a glow sticks. 
 Throw your hood up 
 All my G's rep... 
 Pain interrupts chorus: 
 (Breakdown 1: Pain and Carolyn) 
 Pain : Carolyn. 
 Carolyn : Yeah what? 
 Pain : Uhm ... Los said he didn't want a hook at the end of the song. 
 Carolyn : Oh. You mean one at the end of the song? 
 Pain : Yeah, everybody's already done their rap that's the whole Dope House Family. 
 Carolyn : What you mean everybody? What about mine? 
 Pain : Girl you don't know how to rap. 
 Carolyn : Jaime, you got me fucked-up! 
 Pain : Okay... I'll let you try, but if Los doesn't like it I have to take you off. 
 Carolyn : Just tell me when to come in. 
 Pain : Right... right... now. 
 (Carolyn: Verse 11) 
 I ain't gon' lie Dope House till I die 
 With my niggas in the studio, chillin' gettin' high 
 Rollin' up sweets, breakin' these beats 
 Sippin' on skurrup and it slur my speech 
 Comin' out the H, where they bake cakes 
 I ain't talkin' 'about the kind that your mama makes 
 I need a little space, Texas is the place 
 Ya tu saves homes, I'm a represent my race 
 New to the scene, but not to the game 
 Blowin' purple skun and is fuckin' with my brain 
 Tryin' to stack change, up to the ceilin' 
 Lookin' out the window another neighborhood killin'. 
 When will they chill? I don't really know 
 Keepin' my mind on a 6 double O 
 Rims dripped in chrome and Benz dripped in paint 
 Just can't stop like a car with no brakes. 
 Okay! 
 Pain : Man you wrecked. 
 Carolyn : I told you fool.