Oh. 
 Uh. 
 It's the same ol' shit in the same ass place 
 My studio smells like 10 ash trays 
 My nigga still gettin' too fucked-up 
 & I'm still smokin' too much blunts 
 Haters always gon' run they mouth 
 & keep tryin' to take me out 
 Mama always gonna worry herself 
 & me I can't forget the pain I felt 
 Even though I drive a new 6 double 0 
 They be thinkin' like "What is Los frontin' for?" 
 I bought a club & they filled up with envy 
 Now everybody pissed 'cause they can't get in free 
 New enemies still poppin' up 
 Throw Away Gats still chop 'em up 
 I walk in & the whole club stands still 
 More money more problems that's real. 
 This is what an ol' G told me 
 Filthy Rich & dyin' lonely 
 "Fuck a benz & fuck a rolly, life is what you make it, homey." 
 This is what an ol' G told me 
 Filthy Rich & dyin' lonely 
 "Fuck a benz & fuck a rolly, life is what you make it, homey." 
 My little baby girl just turned 6 
 I gave her the biggest room in my crib 
 She get's what she wants so does her mom 
 I don't think they know the value of a dollar 
 Fine ass bitches all in my limousine 
 I just wish I was jumpin' on my trampoline 
 But my babies I miss my children 
 To me that's worth more than trillions & trillions 
 She calls me "Fat boy" says I'm "loco" 
 & she doesn't understand when I gotta go 
 Hope she doesn't think I don't wanna be wit her 
 Hope she knows that it hurts not to be wit her 
 Hope she knows that wit her I'm the happyest 
 I can't make it to her piano practices 
 When I was young my ol' man left us 
 & I pray that she won't be like I was. 
 This is what an ol' G told me 
 Filthy Rich & dyin' lonely 
 "Fuck a benz & fuck a rolly, life is what you make it, homey." 
 This is what an ol' G told me 
 Filthy Rich & dyin' lonely 
 "Fuck a benz & fuck a rolly, life is what you make it, homey." 
 Player haters wanna play me close. 
 Do you really wanna meet Carlos? 
 Do you really wanna feel my wrath? 
 Mad 'cause your bitch want my aut-o-graph 
 Nigga I don't wanna fuck yo' hoe 
 But I let her suck my dick & lick my asshole, ha! 
 Started out with a silly game of fotsie 
 Now I got her eatin' out her best friends pussy 
 Rollin' hydro sippin' on Cris 
 When I was broke I would dream about this 
 Get my back rubbed in a big bath tub 
 I don't know her name but she's showin' mad love 
 I got 7 G's sittin' in my pants 
 & my jewelry is underneath those lamps 
 I'm gettin' sleepy all you hoes gotta bail 
 Once again I'm in the bed by myself 
 All alone in another city 
 I get my bill the Cris was $950 
 2 G's for them bottles of Dom P 
 It was just me & the hoes was free. 
 This is what an ol' G told me 
 Filthy Rich & dyin' lonely 
 "Fuck a benz & fuck a rolly, life is what you make it, homey." 
 This is what an ol' G told me 
 Filthy Rich & dyin' lonely 
 "Fuck a benz & fuck a rolly, life is what you make it, homey." 
 Yeah, fuck a benz, fuck a rolly, family comes first & I'm alone, 
 Ye-e-e-eah. 
 This is what an ol' G told me, He died lonely...