1st Verse: 
 Well Baby Bash, that's my handle, money mackin' commando 
 Blowin' like a candle, on that pearl and wood panel 
 Modern day Marlon Brando 
 Squares don't understando 
 Play like a piano when I'm flippin' through the channel 
 Man don't make me lose convultion, chokin' on some doja 
 Cars keep flippin' over 
 Gettin' Jags and Testerosas 
 Motorola, Coca-Cola, Stay High and never sober 
 Got them hot girls makin' love to my poster 
 Attitude kinda flippy, pockets never skimpy 
 Married to marijuana with that drama you can miss me 
 50-50 I'm a player, slash money maker by nature 
 I get that paper pushin' green and snowyflaker 
 Make a good girl turn to sinner 
 Puttin' inches all up in her 
 Blaze the bitch up now she's a bread winner 
 I'm a gold digger, kick a hole through your front door 
 Nigga, don't try to fight it, give it up, let it go. Nigga. 
 Follow My Lead uh, do as I say not as I do. [x3] 
 Follow My Lead uh, mayday mayday. [x5] 
 2nd Verse: 
 I remember way back in the day 
 I used to get spankings from my mama 
 But uh now this little' ass baby smokin' on dank in The Bahamas 
 Got a pair of Versace pajamas 
 Little mama's say I'm a sex symbol 
 I come through with the blue Coug 
 But shit I'm thinkin' Lexus Limo 
 I'm a swang 3 lanes to the piece and chain 
 And the pinky ring I'm gon' blind 
 'Cause it's my time, I pack my dime, I put 2 holes right in your spine 
 Every time you talkin' down my rhyme 
 Boy I beat yo' little' behind 
 And stop and rewind, feel my lines 
 Bottle like me, I'm gon' shine 
 Little Christian on a mission 
 But listen he gainin' recognition 
 In the Expedition, it's gon' glistin' 
 Got a line and he went fishin' 
 Pay attention to the Louisiano recano regano with a blano 
 Nigga, I be puffin' on a big Fano 
 Got mo' green than muh'fuckin' lotto 
 Nigga I'm the one, the Tristian 
 The lucky muthafucker outside of the Yukon 
 I'm swangin' fo's & I'm slangin' hoes 
 Representin' of the way Houston 
 These boys ain't ready for the age of Levy in a SS 
 Chevy on perely 
 Nigga I be sippin' lean 
 And I'm countin' green 
 'Cause boy I'm all about My Feria. 
 Follow My Lead uh, do as I say not as I do. [x3] 
 Follow My Lead uh, mayday mayday. [x5] 
 (3rd Verse: South Park Mexican) 
 I promise this song is harder than my dick is 
 I won in the Olympics for cookin' the most chickens 
 Gold medal around my necker, livin' la vida chuecer 
 Puck checka, chuck wrecker, nobody do it better 
 I'm best when under presher, smoke up in my chest 
 Mama mad 'cause I just failed my piss test 
 Brain deader than a door knob 
 This is for my road dog 
 Fresh out the Pen I take him out to get a blow job 
 I'm so shy, controllin' the streets, like a robot 
 The one to put a Dope House 
 I'm sorry but it won't stop 
 My door got kicked in once before 
 And I'm sure' they won't try that stupid shit no more 
 I put holes in they asses 
 Broke em' like some glasses 
 Niggas was fallin' just like my muthafuckin' pants is 
 Answers your questions, throwed ass Mexican's 
 Snatch your bitch up and dig deep in her intestines. 
 Follow My Lead uh, do as I say not as I do. [x3] 
 Follow My Lead uh, mayday mayday. [x5]