South Park Mexican: 
 From the hood & I stood on them Houston streets 
 We stick together like cuban's links 
 I had a 9 on my waist guns I straddle 
 44 at the crib with the ivory handle 
 I'm the rocker betty crocker cookin' cookies and cakes 
 V12 the blow it up as my coke inflates 
 I'm a swanger Gucci on my hangar 
 Just bought my cousin on the ranch a ford wrangler 
 I like to ride horses like mustangs and porches 
 Pain is my producer leader of the dark forces 
 Strikin' like matches droppin' like ashes 
 I only buy dances if they payin' college classes muthafucker. 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in Garza West 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in Garza East 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in T.D.C. 
 As I ball in this penitentiary. [x2] 
 Juan Gotti: 
 Mi esposa won't listen, Keeps comin' up missin' 
 Feliz Navidad aqui en Transde State prison 
 No visits no kisses 
 No off the chain bitches 
 No mas on TV magazines & 9 wishes 
 I work on the hoes 
 what 
 ! Livin' c dorm 
 Life with a .45 got me this job 
 Makes bread with my fool ese loco and tontos everyday tensions fights for the tubo 
 House regulation droppin' cantones 
 Bosses talk shit 'cause I drove on my sobre 
 Traded my cornbread desert over juice 
 Dried up pro bullshit that ain't no food 
 As in fool on the cool parole sent me off way 
 4 Years fo' sho' without no release day. 
 You vatos don't feel me? You livin' the free 
 As I ball through this penitentiary. 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in Garza West 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in Garza East 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in T.D.C. 
 As I ball in this penitentiary. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Swissha sweet rollin' 
 Pockets still swollen 
 Might meet a bitch and take her fine ass bowlin' 
 Money out the colon Benz ain't stolen 
 Might watch Tiger Woods at the Houston open 
 And I got hoes even ones that's Hawaiian 
 Slangin' more white balls than the Nolan Ryan 
 9 with the silence, Might turn to violence 
 This for all my pipe tokin' crack smokin' clients 
 And my grass is much greener South Park beaner 
 Puttin' dick to a real famous R&B singer 
 Blowin' like a tuba wet like a scuba 
 Candy coated cougar I'm a baller & a hooper 
 Hater heart breaker bloody shirt stainer 
 Jumpin' on my divin' board fittin' to do a ganna 
 Blades on my Benz tons of fake friends 
 Sprayed down my seats with the cherry fragrance muthafucker. 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in Garza West 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in Garza East 
 I'm wreckin' for my G's in T.D.C. 
 As I ball in this penitentiary. [x2]