South Park Mexican: 
 Yeah man, uh, I'm in the studio with Big Flake. 
 Big Flake: 
 Uh huh. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 That's my nigga, he fin to wreck this bitch. 
 Big Flake: 
 For real. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Uh, Yo, we shut 'em down we Dope House Records 
 We're a family, we ride together we roll together 
 For you hoes that don't understand it, fuck you. 
 You know what I'm talkin' about? [laugh] Yo, uh. 
 Big Flake: 
 Big Flake bitch yeah, you know me 
 Ride around in my city in a leg O D 
 Like, I hit the block with a glock in my priches 
 Fuck the bullshit & I got something for you bitches 
 That's all in my space, tryin' to take a nigga place 
 Go on with the shit, get the fuck out my face 
 Fuck a case, the hooter can't hold me down 
 I'm 300 pounds, 6 feet you know me now 
 And show me bitch where the dance stash shack 
 Got a cannon on my waist and bitch I blast back 
 I Get the last laugh 'cause I ain't stoppin' till I fold you 
 I flip y'all boys like a ki of soda 
 It's the take over, Shut 'Em Down on the map 
 And we don't give a fuck I drop bombs like a japs 
 And throwed tracks and throwed raps, I bust caps. 
 Now what y'all little niggas know about that? 
 First we click clack, then you hear it go pop 
 I'm a young little G & man I can't stop 
 I'm non shalant, so I can't be detected 
 And you heard the ghetto Mexican's bitch I wrecked it 
 It's like I resurrected and just came up out the grave 
 'Cause every time I grab the mic, all these niggas in a daze 
 It's like amazed, when you creep up in the hood 
 Every corner you weak, my G's up to no good 
 It's understood, my crime stories and dope sales 
 My nigga Los said, man dope sales 
 You gon' fail, if you try to test this 
 I'm like daytime TV young and restless 
 Check the guest list, me & D V.I.P. 
 I'm a cold ass mex call me frosty 
 Don't try to cross me 'cause I don't like hoe niggas 
 I bust down the door with a .44 nigga 
 Do I like no no nigga, Big Flake on the loose out 
 Hold a grudge with 2 face niggas fuck they damn troops, bitch. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 That's real my nigga 
 Fuck these hoe ass niggas. 
 (Chorus: South Park Mexican] [x2) 
 You bring your boys, I'll bring my boys 
 You Get Yo' Guns, I'll get my guns. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 On the playlist, diamond bracelets 
 Then we make hits, V12's spaceships 
 Spent a few years in this rap game 
 Slangin' cocaine, man it's the exact same 
 Niggas I was sellin' kilos and elbows with 
 Are the same mighty fuckers that I do shows with 
 Smoke indo and fuck with some thick hoes 
 My enemies roll deep like some minnows 
 I'm still Los the one you came to for caine fool 
 When you got robbed when you had to explain to 
 I came through the door, said it before 
 Devil in the mic, mezmerized be the row 
 As a plan of skills, I'm still crackin' rims 
 I got a beer belly look like I'm havin' twins 
 I'm the youngest, mom say I'm the worst 
 The finest bitch in my school was the fuckin' nurse 
 Only heaven knows, what I've been through 
 In 3rd grade I got busted with a jinsu 
 Now I rest my head in a hotel room 
 With a gun & a bitch and some used balloons 
 Watchin' cable half a 8 on the table 
 Mix a 2 liter with 4 O's of maple 
 I'm waicko I mean wacko, come through the back door 
 And went for 'about 80 pounds of wacky tobacco 
 I jack hoes, but now I'm tryin' to rap though 
 My nextdoor neighbor played for the Astros 
 And last night he hit 2 home runs 
 Everywhere I go I got at least 4 guns 
 I got 2 plants, that grow under lamps 
 I'm at the club just wishin' I could dance 
 Man I got cash, still I'm a quetho 
 I like to watch my dog eat up other dogs and let go 
 I'm murdering, I'll destroy any earthling 
 Chokin' on his own blood, gargling and gurgling 
 Step to me, you better be hard 
 I know you muthafuckers remember me from Reveille Park. 
 (Chorus: South Park Mexican] [x4) 
 You bring your boys, I'll bring my boys 
 You Get Yo' Guns, I'll get my guns. 
 For sure.