Phat Money Records 
 SPM baby 
 Puttin' it down with that Phat Money Records 
 Dope House Records 
 Phat Stacks, A.C. Chill, L.T. 
 This one's Ghetto Tales. 
 What you know about that? 
 These are the tales, the Ghetto Tales 
 Dope sales and life is hell, tryin' to stay out of jail. [x2] 
 I'm rollin' H-Town South Park backstreets 
 A.C. Chill all the O.G.'s know me 
 In that Bourbon with the candy paint 
 For deep most of my niggas ain't got no car that's why 
 We so deep 
 We left a funeral to see my homey's mamma cry 
 It always hurt me when any of my homies die 
 All of a sudden gun shots rang out 
 I guess these young G's plexin' gang bang clout 
 We pulled over I said 'et me out this bitch man 
 One of these niggas finna get they wig split man 
 Pulled out my strap you know how the show goes 
 Somebody yelled out and yo here come the Po-Po's 
 I told my niggax 'o man I'll Catch you later 
 Got pocket full of weed plus they got me on paper 
 Bailed around the corner to holla at my homey 
 Next thing you know the fuckin' haters roll up on me. 
 Damn, how much hating can a young nigga take? 
 First chance I get a muthafucker finna break 
 They caught me, now I'm in the jail cell pacin' 
 Damn, a violation 
 18 months is what I'm facin'. 
 These are the tales, the Ghetto Tales 
 Dope sales and life is hell, tryin' to stay out of jail. [x2] 
 I'm pushin' weight tryin' to have it 
 Everything is flat 
 But at the same time I'm leavin' niggas on their back 
 Up in the neighborhood I'm tryin' to stack a little cream 
 I'm paper chasin' me and we tryin' to stack some green 
 And everything is far as bad when it comes to drama 
 I'm tryin' to make a little cash for me, Jay and mamma 
 Ain't payin' no bills but these niggas got me fucked-up 
 I rather sit on streets than see my ass locked up 
 And servin' fiends is an everyday life thing 
 And from the cells chillin' tryin' to have a nice day 
 And for this 420 Eastex life thing 
 I got the skills to hit a nigga from big mar man 
 And platinum shit we gonna drop on the block-a-dee 
 Come watch my tongue twist wreckin' with my boy ' 
 Tryin' to survive make a meal with these ghetto dreams 
 We player made plus we from the heart of S.E. 
 These are the tales, the Ghetto Tales 
 Dope sales and life is hell, tryin' to stay out of jail. [x2] 
 SPM baby sittin' dope fiends at the dead end 
 Fightin' over sales with my muthafuckin' best friend 
 Used to be broke and assed out 
 Now I buy Diamonds that make my wife pass out 
 Bad route was a path I chose 
 Blastin' hoes 
 At last I rose 
 I got cash and clothes 
 From the crack I sold to let you bastards know 
 Stackin' dough sittin' on glass and Vogues 
 My ass gonna show 
 I'm straight out of the slums 
 South Park where you get your car washed for crumbs 
 But these laws is on a cookout 
 I used to get took out 
 $3 pieces for my look out 
 Licensed Cookie Baker 
 That's my profession 
 Never have my dope in my own possession 
 Niggas sellin' cocaine in my domain 
 I sneak up from the back and take you out with no pain. 
 These are the tales, the Ghetto Tales 
 Dope sales and life is hell, tryin' to stay out of jail. [x2]