South Park Mexican: 
 The Dope House, got it snowin' in the summer 
 Drug runner, fuck the "I'm a gonna wanna." 
 Fast learner, attack like piranha 
 My next big hit's called "Hubba Hubba Hubba." 
 I smoke a 'cause I love her 
 Bought a Danny Glover 
 Now I'm burnin' rubber in somebody baby mother 
 From the gutter diggin' in your trash can 
 Fuckin' with my niggas it'll be your last dance 
 I came up off the cut, buyin' 'Lacs and trophy trucks 
 The only thing I sell is smokeable products 
 In My all white Chucks turn a man into dust. 
 You wanna meet the Devil, huh? You in a bad rush 
 I'm a keep a smile, I was born the crack child 
 Got the rap game shinin' up my reptiles 
 Make your ears ring when I sting like a scorpion 
 Pronounce him dead by 4:00 P.M. 
 Call me Los Kevorkian. 
 Some do it for the money and fame 
 He just don't wanna sell no more 'cane 
 Now his flow is a beautiful thing 
 SPM, He's A Bird, He's A Plane. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 In Hillwood, we didn't have many choices 
 I'm hearin' noises, outside I hear voices 
 The Coy's is a family who didn't have much 
 Except the love of a single mother's touch 
 The lust of money, had me slangin' cane and weed 
 I was first on the block and last to leave 
 Feel the rain as it falls on this tricky game 
 Breakin' cane, clear your sinuses, like liquid Drain... 
 Lift my name against my pain is used 
 To entertain a simple thing in every city seems like... 
 Shit's the same 
 Born loser, V12 cruiser 
 I opened up a store for the common drug user 
 36 eggs, come from each chicken 
 Some of you ain't livin' fuckin' with the unforgiven 
 I'm wishin' I could hug those dead or in prison 
 They go to jail or hell just because it's free admission. 
 Man! 
 Some do it for the money and fame 
 He just don't wanna sell no more 'cane 
 Now his flow is a beautiful thing 
 SPM, He's A Bird, He's A Plane. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 5 on the dot when I hit the crack spot 
 30 slab rocks in a little matchbox 
 Hoe ass cops hit the cut around 7 
 Got a fiend with a pipe and arrested him for resin 
 Fuckin' pigs want me so bad, they can taste it 
 But you bitches gonna have to settle for a basehead 
 'Cause I don't slip, broke quicker than a ship 
 Wrap a platinum hit, make the police Captain sick 
 Backstreet legends, the World feel my prescence 
 I'm the first man to touch it when the dope get's to Texas 
 You can keep the Lexus 'cause I bought 2 Benz's 
 On the microphone I'll brake you off with one sentence 
 Stay aware for what's out there, I smell hate all in the air 
 They asked me what my race was, I told them it was player 
 A very rare breed, almost extinct 
 The way I walk, the way I think, 
 The shit I wear, the shit I drink, 
 The way I suck, I smell like fruity hydroponic 
 When haters see my car, they turn around and vomit 
 I'm loco, fuck any player hatin' joto. 
 You ain't got no love for me? I ain't got no love tampoco. 
 Some do it for the money and fame 
 He just don't wanna sell no more 'cane 
 Now his flow is a beautiful thing 
 SPM, He's A Bird, He's A Plane. [x2]