South Park Mexican: 
 I'm a roll 84's till them hoes start clackin' 
 Put 'em on they back and got 'em askin' "What happened?" 
 Homey was crackin' it's good to be back 
 See me on the slab in a beautiful 'llac 
 If you wanna jack, I got somethin' for you 
 Caught another case, so I gotta call my lawyer 
 Got a fine chick that look just like LaToya 
 And I bet 50 G's on my boy De La Hoya 
 Tryin' to stay free with the loot they pay me 
 Boy I'm a vet and you still a trainy 
 Ballin' daily with my green lady. 
 She askin' what have I done for her lately 
 I'm a dog like Scrappy, my girl tried to slap me 
 Caught her by the hand and told her "Don't get happy" 
 Still sport khakis, got the Savvy Yola 
 Mr. High-Roller movin' Coca-Cola 
 While I stay... 
 High So High... reachin' for the sky 
 High So High... please don't blow my High. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 I fell off the wagon, dicky's still saggin' 
 Blow more smoke than Puff the Dragon 
 Choppin' big things, but you never hear me braggin' 
 Pick your chick up and it's gonna be a stabbin' 
 Haters get mad and they want my autograph 
 Let me hear you rap, man I promise not to laugh 
 Walked the wrong path when I went and bought a half 
 Sold out on the cut, now it's time to call a cab 
 Stop at Chimmy Changs for the wings and rice 
 Then to the store, I need a 40 and some dice. 
 What they hittin' for? Come out with Little Joe. 
 Can you play 500 on a what? 10 or 4? 
 Let 'em go, let 'em go, boys start leavin' 
 Hillwood Hustla, never caught sleepin' 
 Bobbin' and weavin' still block bleedin' 
 Ain't gonna quit till you haters stop breathin' 
 And I stay... 
 High So High... reachin' for the sky 
 High So High... please don't blow my High. 
 South Park Mexican 
 Who said money didn't grow on trees? 
 I came up slangin' them coco leaves 
 Many stories about territories 
 At the Dope House, we don't call the police 
 Feel a cold breeze when I get below freeze 
 I Got no love for you studio G's 
 I buy 4 Jeeps & I wear a gold leash. 
 But what the hell is money if you got no peace? 
 Homies in the back and they ready to attack. 
 And we don't go to clubs where you can't wear your hat. 
 Homey where you at? Represent, where you from? 
 Land of Dum Dum where you don't dare to come 
 All you jealous boys is tryin' to destroy us 
 I Run you out my city like the Tennessee Oilers 
 Got nothin' for us, listen to my chorus 
 While I sit back and blaze up a damn forest 
 Stayin' so... 
 High So High... reachin' for the sky 
 High So High... please don't blow my High. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Mr. SPM 
 And you know it don't stop... 
 For all my player partners 
 Dope House baby 
 We don't quit... we ain't goin' nowhere. 
 Man!