We we we mobbin' 
 We Hoggin' and we Doggin' 
 We creepin' and we crawlin' 
 It's time to do you all in 
 Fo' sho' 
 Lucky: 
 Hold up I'm too throwed, I'm the young capo 
 5 star general, Lucky Luciano 
 Yo my check's too fast, the banks can't cash it 
 Give me 10 days, meanwhile I got plastic 
 Country to country I live in hotels 
 No ashy elbows, pedicured toenails 
 Sittin' on a beach chair, $200 chanclas 
 Am I in Acapulco or Puerto Vallaca? 
 Sippin' outta pineapple, actin' a fool 
 Step out on my balcony and check out my view 
 I'm lookin' brand new, I get menages crunk 
 Lucky look cleaner then Andre Monk 
 Open up my closet and you in the Galleria 
 I'm the shit homeboy call me Lucky Diarrhea 
 Covered in diamonds, get a load of this wrist 
 Just to show out and stunt, I'm the Dope House Prince 
 We we we mobbin' 
 We Hoggin' and we Doggin' 
 We creepin' and we crawlin' 
 It's time to do you all in. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 I'm kinda hotter than lava, I got a dog that slobber 
 I might be your father better ask your mama 
 I practice Karate like the boy Chuck Norris 
 I'm Papa Bear I'm like "Who the hell done eatin' my porridge?" 
 I'm still Ralph Lauren and I'm still Mike Jordan 
 I'm still comin' down Orem just floorin' the foreign 
 Never borin' or simple, man I'm really excitin' 
 I go to clubs and be fightin' I be kickin' and bitin' 
 I might poke your eye out, I don't fight that fair 
 I fought a dude with some braids and started pullin' his hair 
 But my boys back me up and leave nobody standin' 
 I'm like "Why y'all jump in man? I almost had him" 
 And they was like "Los he was beatin' your ass" 
 I was lettin' him get tired, man you messed up my plans 
 Anyway, I'm a write a song about it and tell 
 All my fans that I beat him up all by myself, ha ha 
 We we we mobbin' 
 We Hoggin' and we Doggin' 
 We creepin' and we crawlin' 
 It's time to do you all in. [x2] 
 Low-G: 
 I might play Chalupa, that's Mexican Bingo 
 Peace to my boys up in Coffield and Beto 
 My Benz take diesel, dejame explico 
 If I hit the pen walk around with a pico 
 I used to slang cincos, chilled on Domingo's 
 Dicky's look young ain't got no wrinkles 
 Shoot like Ming when he hit 12 footers 
 I be pullin' hoes like a kid pick boogers 
 You can see my Rolly when I dip guacamole 
 Got a all white pit like Angelina Jolie 
 I put red dots on 9 miller glocks 
 Might make you think that you got chicken pox 
 Got rims like spider, weed to the lighter 
 It's your boy Low, I'm a killer not a fighter 
 Roll with my china, phone off the ringer 
 I know you hear the hook, nigga that's my lil' prima 
 We we we mobbin' 
 We Hoggin' and we Doggin' 
 We creepin' and we crawlin' 
 It's time to do you all in. [x2] 
 Baby Bash: 
 I'm at Dope House smoked out, Baby Bash loc'd out 
 Doin' tracks with Charlie Brown when he broke out 
 He chocked out his C.O. did it on the D-lo 
 Went to see his wife and his daughter and his mijo 
 The game is so frio, now he tippin' Styrofoam 
 Said he gotta be right back before the lights is on 
 But it's all gravity, learn from tragedy 
 Just to let you know how cold them batches be 
 'Cause when it comes to the jealous man it get messy 
 I fuck around and gotta turn into some Joe Peci 
 I pimp the blood out your mama and your loved ones 
 Sell dog shit to your uncles and your cousins 
 And guaranteed that you won't say nada 
 Radio or not, man you still don't want no brrr... aaa, brrr... aa 
 And that's the really really realest shit I ever spoken 
 Don't get it twisted mayne, Dope House is still open 
 We we we mobbin' 
 We Hoggin' and we Doggin' 
 We creepin' and we crawlin' 
 It's time to do you all in. [x2] 
 Creepin' and we crawlin' time to do you all in...