Hey, yo, you walkin' through Shadowville right now, homey. 
 I gotta palomino horse with versacci saddle 
 I'm a cocaine cowboy with crops 'n' cattle 
 Half dog and jackal pop Don like snapple 
 Got my first paycheck when I robbed the randall's 
 Flow hot like campbell's change broads like channels 
 2 or 3 at a time 'cause we all just mammals 
 The songs I sample bought my Mom's a castle 
 Bought pops a fuckin' non filter box of camels 
 Comp soft 'n' fragile get stomped and trampled 
 While they bitch in my car tryin' to bob for apples 
 Sport glocks in flannels with the common vandals 
 Take hits off homemade bong with handles 
 It's a lawless battle as my toughts unravel 
 Pull my gun and like eggs niggas dodge and scramble 
 Still lost in travel and my hearts in shambles 
 While the seeds in my weed snap pop 'n' crackle. 
 Who fucks with the rhyme of the dope House Mind? 
 Who shines in the dark in these end of times? 
 Line after line who keeps it the realest? 
 [Carolyn:] Only you cause the others too scared to live it. 
 I do videos with a bunch of pretty hoes 
 In a benz wearin' K-mart dicky clothes 
 Give a toast listen close to that nigga Los 
 When we was hungry Mom would say "Get the fishin' poles" 
 Really though back when I sported chilli bowls 
 And used to dream about rappin' on Jenny Jones 
 My city throwed stop actin' like you didn't know 
 Gettin' rich 'n' we still screamin' "Give me mo'!" 
 In the pro's gotta stay on your tippy toes 
 They try to kill me few bullets came really close 
 Now the bitch is froze twisted in a wicked pose 
 And his toes mo' colder than my Michelobs 
 Diggin' holes like I'm a tryin' to find some hidden gold. 
 He got nice shoes, wonder if I fit on those? 
 The sickest flows, I got guns that can kill a ghost 
 At the club wearin' dead man's Kenneth Coles. 
 Who fucks with the rhyme of the dope House Mind? 
 Who shines in the dark in these end of times? 
 Line after line who keeps it the realest? 
 [Carolyn:] Only you cause the others too scared to live it. 
 Candy blue 5 parker & a moonlight sparker 
 Let me tell you 'bout the life of a pure white rocker 
 A true live baller, might cruise my 'paler 
 Or just soak in the sun and take a poolside caller 
 It's the hood fly talker and if you like drama 
 I'm the rapper that'll rap you in a 2-ply partner 
 With the fruit flies gonna my ginsu knife sharper 
 Then that thing they was swangin' at the Luke Skywalker 
 Listen boo, I gotta notta screw tight on the 
 Fuckin' brain that ain't been sane since a cute shy toddler 
 My new 9's hotter than a July jogger 
 Or even me on the news sayin' "Oh hi Mama" 
 Never knew my father till I grew quite larger 
 But by then I was 10 walkin' through high water 
 Old dude tried harder then a suicide bomber 
 I'm like "Dad is too late, I'm a fool, why bother?" 
 Who fucks with the rhyme of the dope House Mind? 
 Who shines in the dark in these end of times? 
 Line after line who keeps it the realest? 
 [Carolyn:] Only you cause the others too scared to live it.