I'm damned if I do and damned if I don't 
 Holla fuck the world with my chest full of smoke 
 I choke on my breakfast, the end of my necklace 
 Say Dope House Records, Screwston, Texas 
 The diamonds in my emblems is cut like a princess 
 You can keep the Lexus 'cause I got 2 Benz's 
 I'm in your girlfriends' hot intestines 
 'Cause I bought her 2 dresses and some contact lenses 
 Got a message in a bottle, hit the throttle in my carro 
 Click and clack my semi auto 'cause I'm tryin' to see tomorrow 
 Bought a condo for my top hoe 'cause she workin' that taco 
 It's the top sellin' vato, 23's on the Tahoe 
 TV screens, margarita machines with street marines 
 Got love for the Crips and Bloods and Latin Kings 
 If it means anything this for all my G's 
 I'm in jail 'cause I forgot my fuckin' ABC's 
 Another DWI, drunk and fuckin' high 
 I'll be out before the muthafuckin' sun can touch the sky 
 They call me young Thurston Howell the 3rd 
 And that's my word 
 I'm a swang, I'm a swerve 
 I'm a park and scrape the curve. 
 Why when I'm not high does my life 
 Feel like it's missin' somethin'? 
 I know that I Must Be High 
 So that I can function. [x2] 
 I'm a use my 3 wishes, I'm very superstitious 
 No matter where I go I meet a bunch of horny bitches 
 Burn a few bridges, feed a few pigeons 
 Fuck 'em so good they wake up and wash dishes 
 The food was delicious, bacon, eggs and biscuits 
 No French kisses and no hippopotamuses 
 I'm picky, if you strictly dickly, you can't get with me. 
 As I represent Houston like what? The damn Whitney 
 I'm a get 'em when I get 'em I loved 'em & I fed 'em 
 Lived in peace, I ain't gonna let 'em when I see 'em I'm gonna wet 'em 
 Shut 'em down like D-Town and my homey Ackavelie 
 Peace to Happareli and my nigga John Freddy 
 My drink is thick as jelly, I love my shit money 
 4 do's in this bitch and we gon' do them boys ugly 
 Ready for the rumble, leave 'em lyin' in a puddle 
 Y'all don't really want no trouble with the lord of the jungle. 
 Why when I'm not high does my life 
 Feel like it's missin' somethin'? 
 I know that I Must Be High 
 So that I can function. [x2] 
 I walks in the club grabbin' on my dick 
 As the police officers pattin' down my click 
 They say my bandana breaks the dress code 
 Every fine fuckin' bitch I see is my ex hoe 
 I'm hoggin' & I'm doggin' creepin' & I'm crawlin' 
 Believe me this my callin' it's time to do you all in 
 Everybody jump jump, boys trip what what 
 Let my double barrel shotty go barump-pa-pump-pum 
 Slangin' slab motor rocks up in old man's land 
 Burnin' off in my "Smokey and The Bandit" Trans Am 
 The rope around my neck is just danglin' and janglin' 
 Sometimes I smoke the rain and get wetter than a penguin 
 Aunt Jemima sipper, hoes like Jack Tripper 
 Peace to Big Dipper. What the deal much nigga? 
 Hook like Johnny Topy, it's Dope House livin' prosperous. 
 I tip my waitress and she can't stop sayin' 'Gracias'. 
 Why when I'm not high does my life 
 Feel like it's missin' somethin'? 
 I know that I Must Be High 
 So that I can function. [x2]