Chorus [Russell Lee]: 
 She dance the salsa 
 She dance to Cumbia's 
 She dance merangue 
 I Wanna Know Her Name. [x2] 
 1st Verse [Baby Bash:]: 
 Now every time I see her, I wanna meet her 
 Go up and greet her, treat her like my Mamacita 
 Go home and freak her 
 Half boriqua, half mexicana 
 Shakin' her knocker like an epanada 
 I think I wanna be your baby father. 
 ?Como te llamas? Me llamo Baby Bash 
 Seen you at the club, shakin' that ass 
 I love the way you dance, Salsa, Merangue and Cumbia 
 With a touch of hip-hop and bounce man and ooh la la 
 Didn't even know she got a man, she gon' keep him in check 
 She wanna jet with a vet and it's just like that 
 'Cause we go hard from the jump, she far from a punk 
 At the bar gettin' drunk, turnin' cigars into blunts 
 My bonita, the one I kill sippin' margarita 
 I wanna see her, come a little closer Mama mira. 
 Vien Aqui? How cool would it be? 
 If you and me had some extacy, sippin' on some hennessey? 
 Chorus [Russell Lee]: 
 She dance the salsa 
 She dance to Cumbia's 
 She dance merangue 
 I Wanna Know Her Name. [x2] 
 2nd Verse [South Park Mexican:]: 
 It seem like every club I go to 
 I see you dancin' off the hook, I wanna know you 
 Body lookin' like you raised up on soul food 
 You kinda young & I'm a nigga from the old school 
 I hope you diggin' my style though 
 I drink and smoke hydro 
 I'm not that nigga in the gym doin' tae-bo 
 I hate the 5 oh, I swam across the bayou 
 A mojado, I only shop at the rocado 
 A soldado, I hit the Hen straight from the bottle 
 But I can teach you how to sing or even be a model 
 Follow My Lead down this yellow brick road 
 I'm a buy you a benz and dip your rims in gold 
 A house with a heated pool so you can swim in the cold 
 Trust funds in your bank for when your kids get old 
 Sippin' remy in the bentley, kissin' you gently 
 Fillin' up the gas tank whenever it's empty, Man! 
 Chorus [Russell Lee]: 
 She dance the salsa 
 She dance to Cumbia's 
 She dance merangue 
 I Wanna Know Her Name. [x2] 
 3rd Verse [Low-G]: 
 Who is that girl in that tight red dress? 
 Shakin' that ass to the right and left? 
 The chick's boriqua, or maybe mexicana 
 I see Mami, con gana, con gana 
 (Yo Low-G, what about them knockers?) 
 Oh, that's my girlfriend Esmeralda 
 I remember sneakin' in her ventana 
 Plus don't say nothin' 'cause it's right next to her hermana 
 Que pena, I had to leave Eselena 
 Or run the porno I rented to Elena 
 Chino desmito e prima o se fina 
 If you can't take the heat, get your ass out the cocina 
 Mi esposa es latina, mi sancha la china 
 Y lolita la deje' solita 
 Letters in the mail for my girl named Raquel 
 A cheap hotel and after that Taco Bell 
 Oh well 
 I'm on to Orlando 
 Go to chica bailando el mambo 
 Manalo, manalo, manalo, manalo. 
 Chorus [Russell Lee]: 
 She dance the salsa 
 She dance to Cumbia's 
 She dance merangue 
 I Wanna Know Her Name.