South Park Mexican: 
 Persecuted by the world 
 All I want is my baby girl 
 In my arms braided up on pretty curls 
 Keep the fame and the fortune I don't need it 
 Is too many out there wanna see me bleedin' 
 As I wake up feel stuck in time 
 In this place people lose they fuckin' mind 
 I see shadow's in the night of demon's dancin' 
 Most penitentiaries overseen by clansmen 
 Stay strong even though it's hard 
 Keep my head up and stay close to God 
 I see friends I knew back in school 
 They ain't the same covered up in tattoos 
 In the land of the free I'm forever known 
 Look up at the sky and pretend I'm home 
 Dear Lord I know you got a plan for me 
 But I'd rather be at home with my family. 
 If I Die mama don't lose your mind 
 Stay strong the world don't accept my kind 
 I was born hate free always been different 
 It's hard to stay alive when your brown and gifted. [x2] 
 Coast: 
 I understand it in due time my life is goin' to slide behind 
 The curtain of uncertainty the pearly gates to the fire 
 'Cause I'm a ramblin' man, a gamblin' man 
 So when the shit hit's the fan my plan is to stand as a man 
 My canvas is bland painted the perfect picture 
 But my tears made the paint run; I need an eraser but shit it ain't one 
 The critics lookin' at the picture sayin' it feels dark 
 But you critickin' my art baby is still art 
 I know some people that respect me for me 
 I know some people that neglect me for me 
 And so it pans out so now when I pass and the last of my breath has been breathed [breaths] 
 At ease 
 Mama don't cry for me I'm watchin' over you 
 I'm still doin' the same thing your son is opposed to do 
 So if you love me love me and everything is fine 
 We're gonna reunite in the sky and do time. 
 If I Die mama don't lose your mind 
 Stay strong the world don't accept my kind 
 I was born hate free always been different 
 It's hard to stay alive when your brown and gifted. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 I tried to tell you that these muthafuckers wanted my soul 
 Hate me till I'm Dead and Gone but in love with my dough 
 As they listen to my CD they got from somebody 
 I can't believe that he's sayin' this in custody. 
 Doesn't he realize we got him right were we want him? 
 I was warned by a prisoner they'll be comin'. 
 Can you imagine life without rats that back stab their own to try get where they at? 
 I made millions but felt I was never rich. 
 How can greed make people be so devilish? 
 I wrote a book entitled they can't stop me 
 Took about 20 pens and alot of coffee 
 They hit me up with some years & a small fine 
 It's gonna be the greatest comeback of all time 
 And all I got left is true fans 
 'Cause my horoscope said that my girl found a new man. 
 If I Die mama don't lose your mind 
 Stay strong the world don't accept my kind 
 I was born hate free always been different 
 It's hard to stay alive when your brown and gifted. [x3] 
 If I Die.