No nut's no glory, hear the whole story 
 I'll be on stage, when you kill that punk for me 
 Drink some more 40, fuck my Lil' Shorty 
 Pick out your ride, Luxturious or Sporty 
 Money is no object for this killer project 
 Caballo a low-low that bounce like a hot check 
 You always have my back, my #1 soldado 
 Watch the time fly on this dimond lace novato 
 Me, I'm rollin' in the 2 tone corvette 
 My 3rd wife, ain't even born yet 
 I'm Dope House Records, band outta Texas 
 Real niggas eatin' MC's for breakfast 
 Relentless, when they hand me the steal 
 Get your family killed, like amid-divil 
 The ink in my pen shoot poison from a blow pipe 
 I pimp 2 bitches Mary Jane and Snow White... 
 "You can hang with Illegal Amigos" 
 Illegal Amigos, from LB's the Kilos 
 "You can hang with Illegal Amigos" 
 Illegal Amigos, stackin 'em c-noes. 
 C-Frawn, I'm a muthafuckin' face. Is this the place? 
 To get my pocket, nothin' but big face 
 Dollar billers 
 See me rollin' in these streets with these muthafucking killers 
 Get on my lap, make a left on Hillah 
 Givin' shouts out, en dath, yo SPM pass me the gap 
 So I can show there muthafuckers where my heart is at 
 Catch me in the back of that Benzino 
 Puntin' on my C-Noes 
 Nigga JP. Where the fuck we gone go? 
 Blowin' all this smoke, Straight flowin' out the window 
 I thought you knew we blowin' 2 sticks of vindo 
 No turnin' back bro, continue on my hustle though 
 I ain't comin' up show 
 Must maintain. Ain't that right hoe? Oh! 
 You see my at the show 
 Chillin' with them blunt masters 
 Pushin' off that green dragons stick it 
 With that V & soak it 
 Puta! you couldn't even see me 
 Talkin' about, ain't that Chuy from the TV 
 "You can hang with Illegal Amigos" 
 Illegal Amigos puttin' down our peoples 
 "You can hang with Illegal Amigos" 
 Illegal Amigos stayin' incognito... 
 Illegal Amigos, yeah! 
 They be my people, we connected like dots 
 Extensions C-Notes from kilos 
 As my nigga nino, he know 
 How to make 100 thousand dollars 
 A week, startin' from 0 
 Now we got connections from Chicago to L.A. 
 The holly West, we even got Matigo Bay 
 House of pounds then Key's to Key's 
 And I still keep my eyes on my... K-Sam... 
 We big ballin' that's what I'm tellin' my people 
 Afilliated, La Colecta, Illegal Amigos 
 Blunt Master C, South Park Mexican 
 Brown Pround, Dino and my boy K-Sam 
 Outlaw, Hudlam, Capon and the exsis 
 Chuy Loco, Falcon and Lack Mischis 
 Illegal Amigos, the Mexican connection 
 Everything from Key's to pounds to automatic Weapons 
 Big Ballin'...! 
 "You can hang with Illegal Amigos" 
 Illegal Amigos, from LB's the Kilos 
 "You can hang with Illegal Amigos" 
 Illegal Amigos, stackin 'em c-noes. 
 As the sun goes down we begin to post up 
 I done cook my coke up and my dope is low punk 
 Don't fight the fillin' aventually you give in 
 SPM, rock the world that you live in 
 Street raise for combat, hollin' where the bomb at 
 Fuck hoes and all that, bitches is a draw back 
 I go all out, walk down the wrong route 
 Gone South. Know what I'm talkin' 'about? 
 Y'all down my padential, my padentials 
 I twist y'all niggas up like pretzels. 
 Man quien soy? Carlos Coy 
 80 G's a month stayin' self employed 
 Killin' 'em softly, raisin' 'em off me 
 They askin' me if I'm the best 
 I tell 'em probably 
 You fellas, just jealous on my dick like relish 
 I promise I'm a show your bitch ass where hell is... 
 "You can hang with Illegal Amigos" 
 Illegal Amigos puttin' down my peoples 
 "You can hang with Illegal Amigos" 
 Illegal Amigos stayin' incognito...