One two buckle that fool 
 He's fuckin' with me if he's fuckin' with you 
 Hillwood to my bones to my chromosomes 
 Got 2 44's so I'm not home alone 
 Push a pencil like a stone on a Saturday night 
 I choke a hoe from my tow like I'm grabbin' the mic 
 They bought me a used dirt bike 
 A year later it was used to serve white 
 Ghetto bird on top of us ---- --- officers 
 Mad cause my closet full of guns and nauticas 
 Rockin' up duckies for fiends and junkies 
 Got more cheese than chuckies and get my weed from ugly's 
 It's all lovely just bought a pitbull puppy 
 That's guaranteed to make me a shit full of money 
 Man I just couldn't study in school I was nervous 
 So I left I can't even write in cursive. 
 What do you see in my hood? I see gangsta's everywhere everywhere. 
 What do you see in my hood? I see gangsta's everywhere everywhere. 
 And I'm goin' live liver than the rest 
 I told my mom while I'm locked take it as a test 
 Up in garza west smokin' on a skinny square 
 3 More & I believe I can get me there 
 I'll be home soon I promise that 
 I be trippin' cause now they say my daughter rap 
 7 Years old [I'm 8 now dad] they say she real cold 
 She my muthafuckin' life for real dow 
 Lord knows that he got me here for a reason 
 What it is I don't know but yo' boy breathin' 
 They didn't kill me so now them hoes gotta feel me 
 I been slangin' since I got kicked out of milby 
 Last 10 years been a cold jungle 
 In the streets sellin' dope to my own uncle 
 Born thug they gon' hate me till I'm bagged up 
 In my casket I'll probally still be handcuffed. 
 What do you see in my hood? I see gangsta's everywhere everywhere. 
 What do you see in my hood? I see gangsta's everywhere everywhere. 
 I come from the slums southside houston 
 Changed to screwston the day screw moved on 
 And I miss him I wish I could hug and kiss him 
 He was askin' for help but no one would listen 
 Reminiscin' actin' like a fool at roxy 
 Jealous niggas lookin' but refuse to box me 
 I don't blame 'em dow I would jump on stage and flow 
 And Holla fuck the police and the radio 
 They can't stop me but certainly them hoes can try 
 I started dope house back when I was smokin' fry 
 In the penn I just wish I had one made 
 I swear to 
 god 
 these hoes hate to see us paid 
 Just made mix-bread with roastbeef 
 Got my boy pullin' meat out his gold teeth 
 On the mic I destroy any earth-a-ling 
 My new song called pussy weed and burger king. 
 What do you see in my hood? I see gangsta's everywhere everywhere. 
 What do you see in my hood? I see gangsta's everywhere everywhere.