Land of dum dum is where I come from 
 Believe me when I tell you that you don't want none son 
 A long hard road 4 this Latin Throne 
 You can catch me at the club in the back alone 
 Mama's, don't let your babies grow up 2 be gangsta's 
 Killer's taught us 2 not give a fuck 
 Hit 'em up with sign language 
 Reach 4 the stainless, Leave 'em brainless 
 I'm just explainin' how the game is 
 The strangest of things come 2 me at no surprise 
 Fuck peashooters all my gats are superiszed 
 Utilize all my allies, I run with the bad guys 
 I got 7 Dope House's that's a franchize 
 Man cries if he was blessed with a heart 
 But I lost mine in the backstreets of South Park 
 Once again it's Mr. SPM 
 And this shit ain't gonna stop until I'm dead or in the pen. 
 He's a hustler, He's a baller, He sits on the Latin Throne. [x2] 
 We shootin' stars, runnin' from cop cars 
 I got scars jumpin' metal gates and sharp pars 
 The hood is ours, save my pennies in a pickle jar 
 Everyday you see me in a different crackhead's car 
 So bizarre how so many bullets missed my head 
 I told my mom that I'm gonna stick with this instead 
 Fuck the crackrock, I rapped and hit the jackpot 
 Now I'm on a plane writin' on my laptop 
 It's all wiggy rockin' city 2 city 
 But I still feel my past catchin' up with me 
 Got mo' ends, bought my mom a gold Benz 
 But she worry 'cause I still got all my old friends 
 Hopin' that I slow up and change one day 
 But these Hillwood streets got me raised one way 
 I told my lady one day we gon' be like the Brady's 
 But for now I'll teach you how 2 use this 380. 
 He's a hustler, he's a baller, he sits on the Latin Throne. [x2] 
 3 years and countin' I been drinkin' from the music fountain 
 The Dope House sits in Houston like a fuckin' mountain. 
 Who you doubtin'? This brown is comin' out the south 
 I got 9 believer's with they foot in they mouth 
 I break guineses, Keep 'em off my premesis 
 Used 2 be menaces, Now our dreams limitless. 
 Isn't this a trip? Not a slipper or a sleeper 
 Niggas wantin' dope still hittin' up my beeper 
 We can overcome the ghetto, even G's without a mother 
 Bread without butter I came crawlin' out a gutter 
 Born hustler, used 2 drive an old gas guzzler 
 Fresh out the hood, I was sellin' dope last summer 
 Servin' zombies all followin' as big as Yhandi's 
 Now I'm throwed diggin' brunettes and blondies 
 Jammin' Jon B with bottles of Dom P 
 The day of the wetback has striked upon thee. 
 He's a hustler, he's a baller, he sits on the Latin Throne. [x2]