spoken: 
 This town like a great big pussy, just waiting to get fucked. 
 I'm telling you, I, I should've come in ten years ago 
 I'da been a, a millionaire by this time. 
 By this time, I'd have my own book, my own car, my own golf course. 
 In this country, you gotta make the money first 
 Then when you get the money, you get the power 
 Then when you get the power, then you get the women. 
 That's why you gotta make your own moves. 
 (SPM) 
 I come from the under, 
 Bring the rain and the thunder, 
 Double pumper burnin' rubber in yo baby mother, 
 Fuck supper, I'll eat yo bitch ass up for breakfast, 
 In Texas, we blast first and then ask questions, 
 Competition, all you can do is keep wishin', 
 You need to shut yo muthafuckin' ass up and listen, 
 The prison system's winnin', a losin' battle, 
 Puttin' hate in our heart, we got more beef than cattle, 
 Mexicans killin' Mexicans I'm tired of you jealous men, 
 Mad 'cause I'm movin' on up like the Jeffersons, 
 Easy pickins, I made a livin' cookin' chickens, 
 The sickest, now my flow is harder than my dick is, 
 You bump your two lips and I'ma bust my two clips, 
 That's two hollow tips to make you do two flips, 
 'Cause I'm a fool and a nut that really don't give a fuck, 
 Buckle up and do a drive-by in my grandpa's truck. 
 spoken: 
 Look, Time Has Come 
 We gotta expand 
 The whole operation, distribution 
 New York, Chicago, L.A. 
 We gotta set our own mark, and enforce it 
 We gotta think big now 
 (Bing) 
 I got my mind on dollar signs, blowin' lime dimes of pine, 
 My time to shine, you don't know Bing maan he fine, 
 Proceed to shine, and blind. Dedicated to my rhymes, 
 Top down, showin' spine, as I crawl on the grind, 
 See I shut 'em down. Stop flexin' I'm bustin' rhymes, 
 Bullet clips and slimes, you stop up at the stop sign, 
 Think sharp like Einstein, syrup and crush combined, 
 Drippin' paint on recline, keep my broads in line, 
 Come and find these niggas swear to God they wreckin' the scene, 
 I'm so tired like Al Green. Oh you ain't heard about Bing? 
 Baby moma's on dingling, they exposin' the G-String, 
 They say they panties got wet, the first time that they peep me, 
 I ain't no hoe, I sip 4's, get throwed and watch sports, 
 Swangin' '84's, indo, blowin' 'dro on the road, 
 Stackin' C-notes, makin' bitch niggas full of they own dope, 
 Till the day that I go southeast in Grando fo sho. 
 spoken: 
 I know all that bullshit 
 Save your breath 
 You got nothing on me 
 You know it, I know it 
 I'm changing dollar bills. 
 You wanna waste my time? 
 Okay 
 Call my lawyer 
 He's the best lawyer in Miami 
 He's such a good lawyer 
 That by tomorrow morning, you're gonna be working in Alaska. 
 (Grimm) 
 Woke up this morning, in a room that was padded up, 
 Strapped to the bed, couldn't move, got me matted up, 
 I screamed at the top of my lungs, "Where am I, what have I done?" 
 They stuffed my mouth so I couldn't bite my tongue, 
 Then they opened my arm and a needle stung, 
 From the lithium the maximum sedation, 
 Seven hours later I made a vague interrogation, 
 They sayin' I burnt this man, and his wife, and they kids, 
 It appears none of them lived, I can't remember if I did, 
 But they insist that I'm the arsonist, 
 Claimin' that my part in this, 
 Was that I doused the bodies in the dark and stayed up off of this, 
 But not before I snapped the necks of each and everyone of 'em, 
 Only 'cause it's cleaner than the runnin' up and gunnin' 'em, 
 Then I stacked them up and grabbed the gas for the soakin' 'em, 
 Actin' like they dead while the fumes was just chokin' 'em, 
 Now it's comin' back to me, reality, that would be, 
 Yes I set the fire that's beyond the common casualty. 
 spoken: 
 What you think I am, huh? 
 What you think I am a fuckin' worm like you? 
 I told you already, I told you, don't fuck with me! 
 I told you, no fucking bitch, no but you wouldn't listen, 
 (Gunfire), (scream), (splash)