All this time, you've been mine, heaven's sent Valentine 
 And just like that, my life stopped on the dime 
 I can't stop cryin' inside I'm dyin' 
 I caught you red-handed, that's what I get for spyin' 
 But I've been suspicious 'cause you done caught me with some bitches 
 But you promised not to shoot me with the same triggers 
 You didn't know the new Benz I just bought you 
 Could be tracked by satellite if that's how I caught you. 
 Oh Baby why? 'In the past I've been unfaithful 
 I can't believe it, I feel like this nigga raped you 
 But you allowed it, you gave yourself to a coward 
 I'm a bury both of you & 
 still 
 buy you flowers. 
 Remember when 
 Our love would never end? 
 But now I am 
 Tastin' my own Medicine. [x2] 
 It's disturbin' it's sick I keep thinkin' 'bout this shit 
 I wanna spit on your face, while you lie in a ditch 
 You forgave me, but I just can't forgive you 
 Cause it ain't the same, I can't explain it, but it's true 
 It's way worse, I never felt pain like this 
 I can't take you back, you fuckin' nasty ass bitch 
 You destroyed me, you ruined everything I worked for 
 A house with an elevator, a spy on the 3rd floor 
 I still love you, but never in my life will I touch you 
 You disgust me, your beautiful face became ugly 
 I just wish you was a dream and that I could wake up 
 But it's real, so I keep, gettin' drunk as fuck. 
 Remember when 
 Our love would never end? 
 But now I am 
 Tastin' my own Medicine. [x2] 
 I'm home waitin' for you, you don't know that I know yet 
 Your probably gettin' fucked right now, sippin' some moet 
 I checked the address, it's some dude named Paul 
 33 years old, oh yeah, I checked it all 
 Probably met him at the mall, spendin' up my cash 
 G-string up your ass, wearin' tight ass pants 
 Oh my, look who just pulled up in her Benz. 
 Where have you been at girl? 'Oh, doin' some errands? 
 Take your shit off! 'Let me smell you. What you thinkin' 'bout? 
 I know where you've been! 'Shut your muthafuckin' mouth! 
 Who's house is this? '& who the hell is Paul? 
 What you mean this ain't a house? 'This where you took the dog? 
 You mean... this the vetinarian's office? 
 You got the Parvo shots for the puppy I just bought us? 
 It's some old man named Dr. Paul Seigel? 
 Here's the business card in case I don't believe you? 
 Call him up right now? 'Nah Baby that's okay. 
 You know I trust you, I love you, that's all day. 
 Why is my face red? 'It looks like I've been cryin'? 
 Gangsta's don't cry Baby, don't even try it. 
 Remember when 
 Our love would never end? 
 But now I am 
 Tastin' my own Medicine. [x2] 
 Yeah. 
 This song is dedicated for all you niggas fuckin' over the woman you love. 
 If she don't get you back, your conscience will. 
 And if she's not happy, then you'll never be happy, that's just the way it goes. 
 Yeah, this the SPM, it don't never quit.