(Verse 1: Pimpstress) 
 My click picks your pockets, splits tha profits, choose the targets and take out the garbage 
 Fill tha cartridge, more led than Zepplin, tryin' not to step in the blood I left em' in. 
 Wrestlin' with withdrawls got me sippin' purple medicine 
 Dead presidents movin up like Jeffersons. 
 Let's begin, it began, so begun 
 The story of one who went from girl to woman. 
 From crums to slums, to laced in diamonds. 
 Son by guns that sound like drums. 
 It's no one's fault his life came to a hault, should I open up the vault like I opened up my sliss more. 
 But instead he chose to be another skeleton, I popped his head and his brain looked like gelatin. 
 A definition of a cursed individual, original, you can't see the invisible. 
 1 2 Better call your crews 
 3 4 Need to lock your doors 
 5 6 Better load your clips 
 7 8 Time to Meet Your Fate. 
 (Verse 2: Pimpstress) 
 Some of y'all niggas ain't wit this 
 Well then get tha fuck on about yo' business. 
 'Cause my kind don't take kinds who doze 
 Who act like hoes while I sip Irish Rose 
 And smoke some of the worst weed you'd ever tasted 
 Fuck it blaze it let's all get wasted. 
 Still a Jason, you need to face it 
 Mad 'cause your house costs as much as my bracelet 
 Never patient, competition, sound ancient 
 I'm gettin' followed by a Federal Agent 
 Engagements, gangsta banquets, piggarements, stainless 
 Leave you brainless make it painless. 
 Hanus, 27 holes in his anus. 
 Make 'em pay when they mistake us for entertainers. 
 Can't blame es, young, dumb and famous 
 Mary Jane is what her name is, I keep her where my cane is. 
 1 2 Better call your crews 
 3 4 Need to lock your doors 
 5 6 Better load your clips 
 7 8 Time to Meet Your Fate. 
 SPM: 
 No more chances. 
 (Verse 3: Pimpstress) 
 My money flows like a runny nose 
 All I gotta do is find a place to throw away these bloody clothes. 
 I pacanina while I shop at the Gallaria 
 Stay on my toes like a muthafuckin' ballerina. 
 From Pasadedna to Amid that you know a Baby Bash beats the brother of a Gras Groa. 
 Rasheed he was raised on the wrong street 
 SPM had a father made of concrete 
 Low G lest the dogs loose fuck tha troops 
 And Grimm is the spider called the Brown Recluse 
 Juan Gotti got the shotti puttin' holes in they body 
 Murdaholics kill a nigga while he sittin' on the potty 
 Hillwood Hustlaz and 24/7, Dope Game Legends, feel they presence. 
 The young and the senseless, a message from Texas 
 Dope House Records eats you hoes up for breakfast. 
 SPM over hook: 
 1 time. 
 2 times. 
 3 times. 
 1 2 Better call your crews 
 3 4 Need to lock your doors 
 5 6 Better load your clips 
 7 8 Time to Meet Your Fate. 
 SPM: 
 No more chances.