There's a question that people have been askin' for eternity... is there a Heaven? & if so, what's it like? 
 Will I see my homey Chris there? 
 He got smoked by some fools who shouldn't be alive 
 I'm tryin' to cope but it's just so hard. 
 Dear God will I see him on the boulevard? 
 Can you tilt your hat to the side if you want? 
 Or do you gotta have it straight to the front? 
 I been saggin' dicky's ever since I was 8. 
 And I wonder will somebody try to tell me I can't? 
 I won a knife at the carnival they have off Jensen 
 It's just for good luck, not for a weapon. 
 I wonder can I take it? 
 Well that's if I'm naked 
 But I don't wanna walk around all butt naked. 
 Will my hydraulics work up in the clouds? 
 Do people start complainin' if the music is loud? 
 And these are the things that I asked the reverend: 
 "Excuse me sir, but can Mexican's go to Heaven?" 
 The other day I spoke to the reverend 
 To see if he'd say that Mexican's could go to Heaven 
 When I grow old, though I know this life is a blessin'. 
 I wanna know, is there a Mexican Heaven lord? 
 Will my grandfather's beer breath be real bad? 
 Or will they make him take mints or the white tic tacs? 
 Do the R&B & Hip Hop radio stations play all raps? Or do they still be hatin'? 
 People owe me money from previous business. 
 I wonder can I get it with a little bit interest? 
 And what about drop outs with no education? 
 I can't spell good but I know multiplication. 
 Do they got real tortillas for all the races? 
 Or them fake little skinny ones like some places? 
 I know my sancha's out of the question 
 But on the cool she got love for a Mexican. 
 Will my homies pitch in or wanna smoke for free? 
 Will they have gas money or depend on me? 
 Can I roll on gold streets in my '57? 
 Let me know, can Mexican's go to Heaven? 
 The other day I spoke to the reverend 
 To see if he'd say that Mexican's could go to Heaven 
 When I grow old, though I know this life is a blessin'. 
 I wanna know, is there a Mexican Heaven lord? 
 Will they charge an arm and leg for the new Mike Jordan's? 
 Or sell 'em half price so everyone can afford 'em? 
 What about tobacco products? Do they ban 'em? 
 One thing about cigarettes: I just can't stand 'em. 
 Is minimum wage all they offer my people? 
 Does my uncle gotta marry someone just to be legal? 
 Will he get dirty looks 'cause he can't speak English? 
 Do the chicks dress up or do they show their chichis? 
 What kind of clubs do they have in Heaven? 
 I don't dance Techno and no 2-steppin'. 
 I got a few warrants, will they follow me there? 
 Or can I start clean with a record that's clear? 
 Is my pitbull there? His name is Plex. 
 He choked on his chain jumpin' over the fence 
 I'm sorry if I'm askin' you too many questions. 
 I just gotta know, can Mexican's go to Heaven? 
 The other day I spoke to the reverend 
 To see if he'd say that Mexican's could go to Heaven 
 When I grow old, though I know this life is a blessin'. 
 I wanna know, is there a Mexican Heaven lord?