South Park Mexican: 
 I'm in a candy binz fancy lens 
 Fuckin' with this muthafuckin' bad ass bitch 
 With fat ass tits, big ol' ass 
 I come from the head 'cause I think so fast 
 I'm the 1 & not the 2 
 Smoke pep lepu make revenu 
 Oh, western you sent me cash 
 I make my dough & I pay the tax 
 I pay uncle sam, I pay my band 
 I buy everybody that chimmy chang 
 I mean chicken wang, rice and gravy 
 I'm a throw a chicken wing at my lady 
 'Cause she pissed me off with all that hate 
 Now she's in the closet duck taped 
 What's crackulatin' what's ovulatin' 
 I'm a do boys like ?multipaytin'? 
 I'm the Boss while boys gettin' fucked off 
 I'm a high powered people man playin' golf 
 Tryin' to put but still I'm thuggin' 
 My golf club sett cost $4500 
 Love it, leave it, lose it I'm a keep it 
 I made it in this rap game 'cause I cheated 
 I told my genie make my albums sell 
 He said you already used your 3 wishes in hell. 
 Remember your 1st wish behind them bars? 
 You wished that you could fuck the security guard? 
 Well, I hypnotized her and let you fuck her 
 You ate that bitch like she was supper 
 Then your 2nd wish was to fuck her again 
 Then your 3rd Wish was to get out the pen 
 Now this makes 4 but fuck it I'll do it 
 I'm a even have you on Steven's impruid 
 So even though you sound like shit and can't rap 
 You gon' be the biggest fuckin' rapper on the map. 
 You mean all that stupid shit that I write? 
 People gon' actually think it's tight? 
 That's right, plus you'll be the CEO 
 But stop wastin' money on this Cleo 
 Okay I'm a call José & tell him to call the stations never gave us no play 
 And see what they say maybe it'll work 
 And if it don't fuck it I'll make my gun squirt 
 Y'all should join me my skin is oily 
 Y'all don't want no beat, probly soy beat 
 No serloin I flip a coin 
 I saw her tits and my dick went boing 
 At the car show it's a 3rd annual. 
 I'm chillin' with my boy who Jack Daniel's 
 I'm mixin' with a splash of coke 
 My girl mad 'cause I bust a nut in one stroke 
 I'm a 'loc gangsta shoot 'em up killer 
 There's Something About Mary like Ben Stiller 
 I'm a Thriller chiller like to fight in maniller 
 I got the tooth fairy tryin' to reach under my pillow 
 I'm sorry I didn't know it was you 
 She was puttin' $10 for my daughter's tooth 
 I picked her up and took her to the hospital 
 She flew out my car I said "This is impossible!" 
 I got out and said "You should go to the doctor 
 You lost alot of blood dumb bitch I just shot ya" 
 She flew past a tree looked at me and said 
 "Y'all won't be gettin' a nickel for none of y'all's teeth" 
 Aw that ain't right let's make a truce 
 My little boy Los got 2 teeth loose 
 And he needs the money for a remote controlled car 
 I spent all my cash at the ass naked bar 
 So I really need you to come through with that change 
 I'm sorry about the dress and all the blood stains. 
 Oh please I'm on my knees 
 I'm teachin' my son his ABC's 
 I'm just a damn fool 
 I fight my pitbull 
 He killed a dog that belonged to Moham Mitchell 
 But he lost his last fight and lost his eye sight 
 And now my dog's blind I hope you don't mind 
 I know I'm dead wrong 
 Come from the head strong 
 I hit my red bong 
 This song is so long 
 I'm talkin' nonsense 
 On freestyle project's 
 So check what's on next 
 I love you God bless. [laugh]