(Riley speaking) 
 Pass the sin semilla 
 Yes we smoke it every hour... 
 Pass the killa from the left hand side 
 Pass the chronic from the left hand 
 Many people come around tryin' to smoke my weed 
 But don't, don't stand so close to me (x2) 
 Pass the Ganja from the left hand side 
 Pass the sensi from the left hand side 
 We smoke 
 (BabyBeesh) 
 Well now we smokin' sticky green bomb 
 That killa weed mon 
 It's BabyBeesh and MaryJane 
 We get our freak on. 
 The words I'm speakin'. 
 I don't be jokin from Vallejo, Califas to Houston, Tejas 
 Coughin and chokin 
 Here a splif, there a splif, 
 Everywhere a splif joint. 
 And I've been high everyday 
 Up till this point, in my life. 
 Mary Jane if you could be my wife 
 I'd sacrifice and make love to you everynight. 
 See you're so wet and you're so fluffy 
 Light green and lovely 
 I roll you up and kissy kissy 
 Now sucky sucky 
 Maria who? Oh! 
 MariaJuana I swear to God 
 I love you much more than my baby's mama mama. 
 (SPM) 
 I smoke ganja in the Dope Casa 
 It's the Raza, down with the Rasta. 
 Father God, creator of the Earth 
 Thank you for the Mary that grows from ya dirt 
 Take my first hit in blow my first hit out 
 Do the hokey smokey till I'm floatin in the clouds. 
 I'm in Jamaica, higher than a skyscraper. 
 She's my lady. I'll never let nobody take her. 
 Alert the soldiers, she just got kidnapped. 
 Call big Swisha and the killa cousin ZigZag. 
 Squash the chit-chat, I've never been with that. 
 Riley grab the big gat... I need my chick back. 
 (SPM) 
 I got the money, who got the gummy 
 Sticky green honey got me feeling like dummy? 
 She keeps me hungry so I'm just a bit chubby. 
 But that's okay, 'cause I know that she loves me. 
 I'm lucky, 'cause she makes everything funny. 
 Divorced Snow White' 'cause she kept mi nose runny. 
 But now I'm happy, Mary never slapped me. 
 Her red hair is nappy, but it tastes like candy. 
 Sometimes she's Hawaiian, sometimes she's Mexican. 
 Sometimes she's from Taiwan or even sweet Jamaican. 
 I love MaryJane in any shape or form. 
 You can catch us kissin' deep in the quiet storm. 
 Chorus and out