Feat.) 24/7 Hustlers 
 Man so many problems baby. 
 We finna solve 'em cuzz. 
 24/7 Hustlers. You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Dope House Records puttin' it down baby, 2000. 
 Uh. 
 Uh. 
 Uh. 
 See I grew up in life analyzin' these stars 
 Wishin' that was me on TV pricin' them cars 
 But hell naw if you know me then you know I got scars 
 Situated within' pertainin' to the mind and spirit 
 Mental spiritual but one lyrical of the lyrical 
 Ability you feelin' me the shit is slowly killin' me 
 Don't need no bitch and fo' sho' fuck a friend 
 I'm solo till the end I know one I depend 
 I'm strugglin' for my ends I promise you I'm gon' win 
 Fuck the competition and fuck an Expedition 
 I need paper in my hands to stop me from wishin' 
 Cada noché y dia stoy cortando mi vida 
 No es mentira preguntalé a mi nina 
 Como El Jugador es mi negra bonita 
 Ora pongaté mas cerquita 
 Y ponlé atencion lo que dicé Lupita. 
 Ven a mi lado soy to ser apacionado 
 Todos tus Problemas a mi lado an terminado 
 Vive la vida tranquila y sin fatigas 
 Deja la maldad qué no ay otra salida 
 Soy como el agua perdida en el desierto 
 Me tomas o me dejas o te quedas bien muerto 
 Quiero abrazarté y apapacharté 
 Siente mis labios son salientos con besarté 
 Buscandonos, amandonos, besandonos 
 Juntos al amanecer, al amanecer. 
 My family neglected me 
 My pops was never there for me 
 Seems that no one cares for me 
 I gotta make choices carefully 
 'Cause cops keep on arrestin' me and haters just keep on testin' me 
 Tryin' to do my best but I know that death's gonna be my destiny 
 Mom's steady broke ain't got no job 
 Never thought life would be this hard 
 Just gotta cope with the way it's goin' and this pain I'm leanin' toward 
 Don't wanna see my brother gettin' hurt or turnin' out like me 
 A hustler on these H-Town streets and the cheese up on my balcony 
 I can't see the reason why I'm used to actin' bad 
 Got me stressed and feelin' mad. 
 Look at the things I ain't never had 
 Cops had me dragged out my pad I can't take it anymore 
 Crooked laws killed my cousin Lalo at the age of 24 
 No remorse and revenge gotta keep things the way it's been 
 Mom always taught me never to lose 
 I gotta stay true until the end 
 And everyday I'm watchin' my back 
 Keepin' my hand up on my strap 
 And for the fact that I'm quick to act 
 You ain't gonna get no second chance and it's just like that. 
 Ven a mi lado cuando stes desesperado 
 Todos tus Problemas a mi lado se acabaron 
 Ya no te danies mas las heridas 
 Busca otra salida no mensiones la partida 
 Soy como el agua perdida en el desierto 
 Me tomas o me dejas o te quedas bien muerto 
 Quiero abrazarté y apapacharté 
 Sienté mis labios tan salientos por besarté. 
 As a innocent child all you see is the silence 
 But once you grow into the world your introduced to the violence 
 No more innocence no more Christmas gifts 
 Here's a little example so I suggest you peep this 
 Man I thought I had a family other than my own 
 But now I'm facin' reality as I'm sittin' alone 
 I guess you have nobody when you are nobody 
 So I have to show these people how I gets it rowdy 
 No more sippin' Bacardi and no more hittin' the party 
 I'm puttin' this shit down the right way without my mind lookin' cloudy 
 They say it's better to give than it is to receive 
 That's why I give nothin' but love and in return I just live 
 So nothin' but hate I can see it 
 Swallowed up but just breathe 
 'Cause platinum I'm gon' achieve 
 While you blowin' on trees. 
 Uh Murdaholics 
 24/7 Hustlers puttin' it down, baby 
 2000 
 You already know scrilla. 
 You know what I'm sayin'? We got problems we finna solve 'em cuzz 
 Yeah you already know man 
 If it means jackin' if it means robbin' 
 Go out and get your shit nigga 
 That's on the real. 
 Besandonos, amandonos, besandonos 
 Junto's al amanecer. Hey.