She don't know why 
 But all she knows 
 Is that her youngest child 
 Is a Real Gangsta now 
 You see... 
 He was a good kid all through elementary 
 A's & B's & had no enemies 
 But he saw all the G's as he walked home 
 He couldn't read all the words on the walls though 
 So many letters was crossed out with X's 
 He wondered but knew not to ask those questions 
 No pops and his Mom worked to the nail 
 She managed to buy him some shoes on sale 
 She didn't know, she bought the wrong color 
 And they stayed in the closet all summer 
 Even though the kid wasn't affiliated 
 He knew what they loved and knew what they hated 
 Now he's in Middle School, same individual 
 But this is where things seem to get a bit difficult 
 This is the life of a young Mexican 
 Verse 1 done take me to the 2nd one. 
 She don't know why 
 But all she knows 
 Is that her youngest child 
 Is a Real Gangsta now 
 You see... [x2] 
 7th grade. Why so much homework? 
 Got a pot pie sittin' in the stove burnt 
 Mama still ain't back from her job yet 
 So he eats it 'cause that's all he got left 
 Then he plays with his little puppy Cinnamon 
 His last dog was a victim of a hit 'n' run 
 There's a knock on his door it's his homeboy. 
 Your mom's gone? He pulls out a chrome toy. 
 "Where did you get that from?" The kid asked 
 We broke into a house we got a bunch of shit stashed 
 It was the first time he ever held a real gun 
 To get one of these you gotta steal one 
 We too young they won't let us buy a gat 
 Now if they shoot at us we can fire back. 
 Who is they and why would they blast at me? 
 'Cause you from the hood fool, this is family. 
 She don't know why 
 But all she knows 
 Is that her youngest child 
 Is a Real Gangsta now 
 You see... [x2] 
 A year passes now the kids dicky's sag 
 In his pocket got a knife & a nickel bag 
 And the homeboy that showed him his first gun 
 Got killed last week in a burban 
 Puttin' work in 45 jerkin' 
 Lucky shot hit, popped like a virgin 
 Closed casket touched as he strolled past it 
 Got his name tattooed on 2 hoes asses 
 So he'll still be remembered often while 
 His little bitch gettin' hit doggy style 
 It ain't stoppin' now while his Moms' on the ground 
 On her knees yellin' "Please Lord not my child 
 I want to watch him smile 
 He can turn his 2Pac up loud 
 He can sleep with his pitbull on the couch" 
 And while the kid is listenin' to her words 
 All he can think about is bloody bloody murders. 
 She don't know why 
 But all she knows 
 Is that her youngest child 
 Is a Real Gangsta now 
 You see... [x2] 
 Juan Gotti: 
 Yo, man, this is Juan Gotti & I want to tell my people to keep your dreams alive, man. 
 Don't let the wrong lifestyle destroy your dreams. 
 Believe in yourself. 
 And Don't follow the blind. 
 You deserve the best in life, homito. 
 You can have it. 
 It's our time now, man.