South Park Mexican: 
 Stop at the store make my bitch pump the gas 
 And when we get home bitch you fittin' to cut my grass 
 In my cutlass, 1982 
 My baby mama tell me Los I ain't afraid of you 
 Fuck you durin' 15 percent of all my skriller 
 Man that's the mother of my children I can't **** *** 
 So I break bread and proceed to get head 
 From a blonde bitch but her pussy hair red 
 Strawberry patch got my back scratched up 
 These other niggas rappin' but they can't catch up 
 I'm blessed by the lord, Trinity keybord 
 Peace to Filero representng Freeport 
 I'm a rock the casper, cold as Alaska 
 I'm sipping on a twoza & a 12 ounce shasta 
 Docha Cabanna on my Nana Republic 
 I keep my shit rugged cause the real niggas love it. 
 What's the rock cooking? Nah I'm cookin' rock 
 Got my bitch workin' at the ass naked spot 
 I'm a bunny hop my new drop out the shop 
 Peace to Big Chief from the what, Rap-A-Lot 
 I'm a hoggin' dog while I creep in the fog 
 Pull out my dick and tell my bitch I need a job 
 If you want service, I'm at one eight hundred Murders 
 Flippin' chickens while you niggas flippin' cheeseburgers 
 I'm sippin' on Durbas, wetter than some surfers 
 Man I'm so bad I should join the fuckin' circus 
 Snatchin' hoes purses, hope my luck reverses 
 I'm a take the 2 piece with the biscuit from Churches 
 No way the churches could ever clean my paper 
 Tell my mom I love her, tell my dad I don't hate you 
 Soy Carlos Coy ese vato es bien loco 
 17 ki's & started off with 1 ocho. 
 We kick in doors, we robbin' stores 
 Creep 64's, welcome to gangsta life 
 Packin' beams, destroyin' dreams 
 Sag dicky jeans, we make them see the light 
 In studios, with mafios, fuck jazzy hoes 
 It just don't ever stop, so industry, prepare for me 
 That double C, my nuts is all I got. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 I walk in the club niggas stare at me 
 Bitch you got something you want to share with me. 
 Can't we just all live marely? 
 Muthafuckers just wishin' they could burry me 
 I pull my quete, mom say I'm just like my jefe 
 Creepin' my carrucha, bangin' screw 
 Tropa F, soy el S P M for my jente 
 They want me on the billboard to say got leche 
 Remember me from Reveille, X bitch was barely 
 Everytime a nigga got shot cops questioned me 
 Teenage murderer, gat named Ursla 
 Chunked her and the baker she the bitch they searchin' for. 
 Juan Gotti: 
 Rollin' out the hood, I came from the impossible 
 Up a long gonna make it to a Conoco 
 And if I did, what makes you think I'd have the dough 
 Hollerin' like that, is makin' me unstoppable 
 I'm a drop a fool and let him feel these things 
 Ghetto vero pack a fero show you who I am 
 I'm a make a change, didn't show the game 
 Want to know my name and you heard of me 
 I don't love a bitch and muthafuck a hoe 
 Work at Stop and Go, cool like an eskimo 
 Down to shovels, no and blizzard blind the game 
 No more dyin' this pusher just can't be in vein 
 I'm a see it, believe it we gone beat this man 
 In the streets of game, this shit can't stay the same 
 Steadily prayin' man, Diosito spread the wealth 
 He said Juanito ---- is gonna sell itself. 
 South Park Mexican talkin: 
 That's all I got in this, dirty, dirty fuckin' game 
 Uh, slangin' cocaine, uh and pack my little thing, uh 
 I got a nice aim, uh, it's about money, fuck fame 
 It ain't no shame, I'm a come down sun or rain 
 S.P. muthafuckin' mexicano, actin' bad one throwed vato 
 From H-Town to Colorado, uh, that's my mato 
 I rock hoes, I rock shows, I pop foes. What's the deal? 
 We in this bitch freestylin'. [laughs]