Runaway, run for your life he's returned... 
 (South Park Mexican:) 
 I ain't worked in 2 years, guess who's back 
 Still my whole albums sell like crack 
 Blow indo out the window, of my Limo 
 Sleepin' with my heat in my pillow 
 I really don't give a damn who you are 
 Understand that you dealin' with a shootin star 
 Competition, never heard of it 
 But I hit permanent. Did I murder it? 
 Afermative 
 The urban kid, learnin' quick, about earnin' grib 
 Got more 8 ball than a pool tournament 
 Swearvin' and burbin' still cadillacin' 
 Still pack the mackin' still 'bout no rappin' 
 Drop like Geronimo, got porono-flow 
 You are bit too young, but your mama know 
 I'm pit-fisious, never fake-tisious 
 In this, cause MC's so delicious... 
 Runaway, run for your life he's returned... (x2) 
 (South Park Mexican:) 
 Like Mexican, get revenge 
 Never stop settin' trends 
 To the level of excellence 
 Still stackin' dead presidents 
 It's evident, I'm Texas sent 
 Who plex get proper measurment 
 No refery, sellin' cheese 
 Enemies, Memories 
 Yes sir'y, rest in peace 
 Been that way for centuries 
 Set chemistry, I'm blessin' fiends 
 We the men of empty dreams 
 My every, master piece 
 Influenced by street tragedy's 
 Got family tried jackin' me 
 Alot of fun that'll be... 
 Runaway, run for your life he's returned... (x2) 
 (South Park Mexican:) 
 White postah, steak and lobster 
 Sautay shrimp, 5 fifth and sauces 
 Craw fish, sausage, even austrage. 
 Why test one from the crack monters? 
 Crunshes of the world of lobsters 
 My nina ross does wonders with the crossas 
 Ballers don't care whatcha call us 
 Livin' cautious, takin' no loses 
 All my whole office, got no accompliss 
 The thought of bosses makes me nautious 
 Promised mom this time it's honest 
 Drop hit's & make lagidimate profits 
 Knowledge from the street college 
 Reach for the top, just watch the copers 
 Imposter hate true Mobbstas 
 'Cause we lost trust and we all bust... 
 Runaway, run for your life he's returned... (x2)