Rasheed: 
 Mom, I'm sorry for the things I did 
 And God thanks for all the times you let me live 
 I should've been dead a long time ago 
 Should've been me and not Wero 
 Foot on the pedal while I race to the hood 
 Go to revillations in your little black wood 
 My homies all changin' and that fuckin' shit hurts 
 I never fuck a friend unless they suck my dick first 
 Creep & I crawl, ball till I fall 
 Sell you a 80 won't charge you for the straw 
 They asked me how long I ever kept a job roughly 
 Well, I worked 6 months in that county as a trusty 
 I went to prison & I came back an animal 
 Southside, Houston's murder capital 
 My crew is cursed, shoot you first 
 Died next to a stupid nurse 
 Put you in the bluest hearse 
 I'll see your ass and Lucifer. 
 (Chorus: South Park Mexican] [x2) 
 6:00 in the morning police at my door 
 Fresh, Jordan's squeekin' cross my bathroom flawer 
 Out the back window, I make my escape 
 Didn't even have a chance to grab my Screwed Up Tape. 
 Low-G: 
 My green light, aloe sinche queeto ky guy palo 
 Haters don't like me 'cause my name is hard to swallow 
 Here he comes that 5 O asked me for I.D. 
 Play on his computer and finds some felonies 
 I was high, fly & a dubbed blue eye 
 Every questioned asked I came back with a lie 
 He was searchin' my ride and found my 45 
 That's when I started thinkin' had to bust him with my 9 
 Instead I ran, now your boy got away 
 That night we celebrate like it was a holiday 
 I use to be broke didn't have big faces 
 I had to wipe my ass with the yellow pages 
 No TV and no cartoons 
 My heffer in the kitchen washin' plastic spoons 
 I was a smoker tough on, green potent stuff 
 No diamonds on my wrist only broken cuffs. 
 (Chorus: South Park Mexican] [x2) 
 6:00 in the morning police at my door 
 Fresh, Jordan's squeekin' cross my bathroom flawer 
 Out the back window, I make my escape 
 Didn't even have a chance to grab my Screwed Up Tape. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Oh no, what the fuck? I'm a come have some bud. 
 Who want to fuck with us? Ground like snuff or lupper cuts 
 Pro-tect my property, Hillwood prophecy 
 I don't know how many times I got to tell y'all to get off of me 
 Balls hangin' all I need, smokin' bitches crossin' me 
 When I kill you niggas we can all live in harmony 
 This ain't muthafuckin' break stone, I told you once leave us alone 
 Known to kill my fuckin' own, blame Houston 'cause that's my home. 
 How can I make it anymore clear? 
 My bud done look like daffadille 
 17 million a year, still I thug in my Cavilier 
 My people come, like Babylon, Mexican and African 
 Few white boys that's family, asian and mohamilly 
 Indian and that's in Navhoe, killers out that Navadoche 
 Careful how your ass appoach, get busted like you pass a note 
 All the hoes, camel toes, smokin' on that ardachoke 
 Bought the benz, bought the boat, in my kitchen rockin' coke. 
 (Chorus: South Park Mexican) 
 6:00 in the morning police at my door 
 Fresh, Jordans squeekin' cross my bathroom flawer 
 Out the back window, I make my escape 
 Didn't even have a chance to grab my Screwed Up Tape. 
 Crusin' down the street with my 6 hoes 
 Bumpin' my shit, ridin' on vogues 
 Went to the park to get the scoop 
 Young niggas out there cold shootin' some hoop.