To all my real friends. 
 Remaldo Chavez. 
 I love you and God knows I try my best. 
 You are too good for this world, man. 
 Too good for this evil world. 
 Yo, I want to say what's up to Joey Tabyess. 
 You are a brother to me. 
 And your family is also mine. 
 I love all of you. 
 Mike Scott. 
 You bought joy to my life a thousand times over. 
 I miss & I love you. 
 Rasbel Chavez. 
 You are a livin' angel with a heart as big as Texas. 
 I love you & I miss you. 
 Mark Flores, my trusted friend for many years. 
 I love you bro. 
 Mark Roche. 
 Your smart warms any room. 
 I love you. 
 Lu Sweet Lu, I Miss you & I share it's the time. 
 Little time we spent together. 
 You have my love and respect. 
 Bur Trevino. 
 We shared are lives on the street and coral. 
 Thank you for the million smiles you put on my face. 
 I'll always love you man. 
 Joal Merez. 
 You are my cousin but also a tremendous friend. I love you very much. 
 Lonzar and Alex Martinez. 
 You are my first cousin's but I love you like brothers. 
 Tony Martinez. 
 You've always been proud of me but I want you to know that I'm also very proud of you. 
 I love you cousin. 
 Tonye and Deeny. 
 When I would see you helpin' me in my shows it was appreciated. 
 But oh... what was more appreciated was just havin' you near me. 
 I love you girls very much. 
 I love you too Angela. 
 Robert Jean. 
 Robert Jean Coy. 
 I'm not sure what kept us apart. 
 The times we did spend together were very meaningful to me. 
 We share the same blood and name. I love you bro. 
 Jaime A.K.A. Pain. 
 You're a real ass Mexican homey. 
 And I would trust you with my life. 
 I love you. Stop smokin' so damn much weed. 
 You know how I just... I was the only Mexican in our school but you accepted me with open arms. 
 We've had each other's back for the last 20 years. 
 I love you homey. 
 Rony Clark. 
 You've made me the only Mexican in your family by allowin' me to be your precious daughter's Godfather. 
 The times we've had are deep in my heart. 
 I love you bro. 
 DJ Lobo. 
 You've done things for me. 
 I've never asked for nothin' in return. 
 Your kind is very rare. 
 You have my love and appreciation. 
 Jose Morales. 
 You've kept the Dope House stronger than ever. 
 I thank God for bringin' you to us. 
 I love you homey. 
 Christian Garcia. 
 You were always a little younger than us. 
 Than just close to me as anyone. 
 I love you & I care for you & I have for many years. 
 Georgina. 
 You are my courage, my strength and my reason for breathin'. 
 You already know. 
 Trudy and Sivilan Coy, my brother and sister. 
 You've come a long way. 
 Your pain is my pain and your joy is also mine. 
 I love you. 
 Mor McCoy DeAnda. 
 Mom. 
 When I was in the county jail it's been 7 to 9 hours daty' on the phone. 
 I found out things about you I would never have known. 
 You told me stories I would have never heard. 
 That's why I know I'm here for a reason. 
 Now I have the time to see and appreciate the things that are most important. 
 I put you through so much, you should've made me hurricane Carlos. 
 Your love saved my life. 
 I don't have to say it because you already know. 
 Arthur Coy Senor. 
 Dad. 
 You always told me I could be anything I wanted. 
 I know I bitch alot about you leavin' Mom. 
 But I can't judge you. 
 If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have believed I could do this. 
 You've always told me a man's wealth is measured by his friends and his family. 
 That love him for who he is. 
 I love you Dad. 
 Alfonso Cook. 
 Rasheed, our #1 soldier. 
 Thank you for fightin' this world with me. 
 It's not over yet. 
 Your the link that hold's us together. 
 I love you homito. 
 To all the friends and family I felt to mention. 
 To all the girls I've held the pleasure of holdin' in my arms. 
 To all my beautiful fans who I love with all my heart. 
 Don't worry God will see me through. 
 God will see me through. [echoes]