South Park Mexican: 
 Yo, Blowin' on a sack of flight, buildin' up my appetite 
 See my homies eatin' & I be like "Can I have a bite?" 
 Last night I had a fight, after that I grabbed the mic 
 When the club closed I went home on my granny's bike 
 People was laughin' like "Look he just ran the light" 
 I just kept pedalin' I didn't get mad or gipe 
 Sell that rock and the pipe, G till my afterlife 
 Let me get on stage, bet I say the things that ya like 
 Higher than a dragonfly, I'm a make math or die 
 Been a pimp since that group that I was in with Glady's Knight 
 Mostly I be packin' 9's, have you pushin' dandelions 
 Come short with my cash you be dancin' like is Hammer Time 
 Yeah I'm lost & I'm blind, still I'm gon' handle mine 
 Have your homey leakin' 'cause he bumpin' mo' than camel spines 
 In the hood I vandalize, land of fiends and baggy eyes 
 Where you can make a killin' and don't even have to advertise. 
 Silhouettes, crack pipes at night, then you see the jumbo lighter strike 
 Thug stories of a violent life, smoke once and you will try it twice. 
 What the fuck else am I to do? I wanna be rich and buy a zoo 
 Maybe just a candy 5 or 2 & tell my daughter I would die for you. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Can't switch Never Change nothin' for the radio 
 You don't have to play me hoe, I'm a still make my dough 
 I been sellin' albums since '92 and '93 
 They would either call me for a tape or a quoter key 
 For the dream, for the team, can't nobody hang with Los 
 Battle me, I'm like "Man at least try to make it close" 
 M.C. Tortura-rap game Sorcera 
 Y'all remember when I did it on that song "Warriors" 
 That was maybe '95 with the Most Hated group 
 All my enemies heard my voice and it made 'em puke 
 Ever since I hit the street, I been on a hittin' streak 
 Straight from the gutter. Would you like to take a little peek? 
 Simple T & dicky shorts, on the cut wit cold quarts 
 No time to go home, cook it with a blow torch 
 Old men on the porch watchin' boys come'n go 
 Life is a prison risk in the midst of runnin' slow. 
 Silhouettes, crack pipes at night, then you see the jumbo lighter strike 
 Thug stories of a violent life, smoke once and you will try it twice. 
 What the fuck else am I to do? I wanna be rich and buy a zoo 
 Maybe just a candy 5 or 2 & tell my daughter I would die for you. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Hustle slow or hustle fast, cages for who love the cash 
 Others in a buried hole, no one really understands 
 Trouble lands where it may, death is never choosy 
 If I try to ask 'why' this shit'll just confuse me 
 Don't lose me, just hold tight, I know is gettin' deep again 
 Call me when you need dope nigga I don't need a friend 
 I been on a hustle since I started cuttin' people yards 
 Then I started noticin' the rims on these people cars 
 Hope that they sleepin' hard when I come back tonight 
 Next thing you know I'm stoppin' hard at a traffic light 
 Jammin' Ike, radio was programmed to oldies 
 Waitin' on the green light so that I can go please 
 A/C with cold breeze, blowin' on a Optimo 
 I could reach the pedal better if I had a longer toe 
 Stop at the Stop'N'Go, I ain't got no gas money 
 So I pump the gas first and holla "Pay your back buddy!" 
 Silhouettes, crick pipes at night, then you see the jumbo lighter strike 
 Thug stories of a violent life, smoke once and you will try it twice. 
 What the fuck else am I to do? I wanna be rich and buy a zoo 
 Maybe just a candy 5 or 2 & tell my daughter I would die for you. [x2]