South Park Mexican: 
 This is a love song y'all, about this girl 
 Sometimes she a dyke like Laverne and Shirl 
 Sometimes she like boys to pull her red hell 
 Sometimes it's so good it make it hard to share 
 We been married since I was 13 years old 
 Acapulco Gold, hit the bong and reload 
 White shark, white widow and white rhino 
 I'm hooked on 'ponics, that's all I know 
 So much skun, jack, herra and super silver' hays 
 I haven't smoked regular weed since fuckin' happy days 
 Mangolia, edno, Bubble Gum and Blueberry 
 All these names 'cause it's Something About Mary. 
 Russell Lee: 
 There's Something About Mary 
 She's always on my mind, all the time. 
 Baby Bash: 
 She look me dead with green eyes & I'm mezmerized 
 She that fluffy that's gonna take me up to paradise 
 Because I vaporize & I take the flight's 
 She the breezy comin' easy and she makes it right 
 I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, stuff her in optimos 
 Go buy some cereal and laugh like it's comical 
 We do it abominable, just like the snowman 
 Humongous we blow man, so I fuck's so good dope... man 
 And a nigga' can't tell me shit about this Mary Jane 
 Hoes say y'all favorite rappers in the game is hella' scary mayne' 
 Take it how you want it, take it 'cause I'm gonna wake it, bake it 
 She love it how I beat it up so tough, that's why she's naked. 
 Russell Lee: 
 There's Something About Mary 
 She's always on my mind, all the time. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Me and my homies, we play this game 
 We call it the bong show, an interestin' name 
 We hit it blindfolded and try to guess 
 What the strand is of the hydro sets. 
 Is it Orange Crush, or maybe Black Widow? 
 Blowin' endo with Mario Galendo 
 I smoke what I push, sticky purple cush 
 'Cause even God spoke through the burnin' bush 
 Victor Barren, Ebola, Endosia 
 I grow it at my ranch on the ?Pon de Roza? 
 Bionic, chronic, hydroponic 
 My dog ate my weed & I made that bitch vomit 
 It's true, she my girl. I'll never leave her 
 I once made a bong out an old steam cleaner 
 I need her, she makes my life complete 
 And I know she loves me too 'cause she makes me eat. 
 Russell Lee: 
 There's Something About Mary 
 She's always on my mind, all the time. 
 There's Something About Mary 
 She's always in my brain, she's my thing.