South Park Mexican: 
 What's the deal man? We back in this camp, man. 
 I'm doin' this right here off a shot of coffee my boy Flaco gave me. You heard? 
 Crease in my pants as I dance with the devil 
 I used to ride a bike that only had 1 pedal 
 No Nike kicks, broke than a bitch 
 I started comin' up sellin' fat ass nicks 
 I'm gonna flip it like a script at the [...] unit 
 That's my new spot, 8 by 10 cubic 
 Nah, I ain't stupid, I never have been 
 They locked up they [...] now they all laughin' 
 Celebratin' life with they kids and they wife's 
 They wishin' I would die as my little girl cries 
 I Always knew that these hoes would be comin' for me 
 But my comeback's gon' be somethin' to see 
 I can't stand a hoe, on a TV show 
 That say I'm hispanic, or I'm Latino 
 Bitch you a Mexican, say that shit. 
 Why the fuck is you actin' scared to represent? 
 Everytime the wind blows I reach for my heat 
 Peace to Sambo and my homey Pistol Pete 
 I'm from the South East but got love for the North 
 And these are just the Diaries that SPM wrote. [x2] 
 Rasheed: 
 Mr. SP can you spare a few pages 
 To write what's on my mind and record a few tape &'s 
 It's the Rasheed creepin' in my Batman boat 
 My money triple like the chin on a fatman throat 
 But haters could they hate your voice I was kind of bored 
 You know I always be the Dope House spinal cord 
 I just been chillin' showin' boys how to wreck screw tapes 
 And also how a haters body fits in one suitcase. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 I told you once, I eat you muthafuckers for lunch 
 I pull more stunts than Knievel, bring it in by the tons 
 I got guns, homey I got guns 
 I heard you had some heat too, but not much 
 I'm the pusher, run 'em like Alaskan huskys 
 And still smoke the finest, right by the trust SKS 
 Bring it to your chest 
 You should know by now, I don't aim for the legs. 
 Everytime the wind blows I reach for my heat 
 Peace to Sambo and my homey Pistol Pete 
 I'm from the South East but got love for the North 
 And these are just the Diaries that SPM wrote. [x2] 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Everybody gather round the fire, blow like a dryer 
 I'm gonna run a little somethin' by you 
 In the battlefield is nothin' like you've ever known 
 Soy el pelon de Houston con fe y corazon 
 Estereo, en serio, Houston hasta Mexico 
 Cortalo, vendelo, SPM dejalo 
 Vato es maton, con su homey Low G. Flores 
 Juan Gotti bring dolores y casa's de millones 
 Y Fiero, en este juego, necesitas huevos 
 Mi treinta y ocho, you no te quiero 
 Puro AK-cuarenta-siete, you vete 
 Tu vas pa tras y dile que te respete 
 Cuando sales tengo jales en muchas partes 
 Te doy coca y cuetes que son cuates 
 Como mi ruka, maria juana, no hay otra 
 Fumando me llamo Rolando Mota. 
 Everytime the wind blows I reach for my heat 
 Peace to Sambo and my homey Pistol Pete 
 I'm from the South East but got love for the North 
 And these are just the Diaries that SPM wrote. 
 Every time the wind blows I reach for my heat. 
 And these are just the Diaries that SPM wrote. 
 And these are just the Diaries that SPM wrote. 
 And these are just the Diaries that SPM wrote.