(Verse 1: South Park Mexican) 
 I'm in the Hill W double O D Texas 
 Got 3 benzes and quick reflexes 
 I'm a eat me breakfast, with the Mexicans 
 Break dance in my cell and do some head spins 
 Don't forget kids, if you test us 
 You will drop like fall semesters 
 Watch the texans, beat the redskins 
 On the news that don't look like me, bad sketches 
 Let's watch Death Wish, it got's a good message 
 I use to sell muthafuckin' O's & X's 
 In seconds, I kill 'em the gentless 
 Been slangin' since carpenters used us bestest 
 SKS's leave 'em chestless 
 Inside connects to get they addresses 
 Request this, put on the hell bound guest list 
 I be takin' muthafuckers out like dentures. 
 Niggas in the click be Strapped and Deadly 
 Bust till they shit get jammed or empty 
 Hide coca cola & a can of pepsi 
 You other muthafuckers just can't impress me. [x2] 
 Verse 2: Shadow Ramirez: 
 Have you ever been chased by bacon, or faced with makin'? 
 A decision that could cost you a fate with Satan'. 
 Do you even understand the things I'm sayin'? 
 Listen close homeboy, the game ain't playin' 
 It's the evil twin nigga you don't see me dance 
 Other rappers changin' like they just shit in they pants 
 Still puttin' work in, I'm destined for trial 
 Wasted money on a grill nigga I don't smile 
 Southeast home of the illest for realer 
 My hood like the Michael Jackson video Thriller 
 Lookin' like they climbed out a grave or casket 
 Mama don't know the deal, to afraid to ask it 
 She bought special soap for the bloodiest stains 
 But mom check the label if it does it for brains 
 At times I just wanna put a gun to my temple 
 We had insurance for the dental, but none for the mental. 
 Niggas in the click be Strapped and Deadly 
 Bust till they shit get jammed or empty 
 Hide coca cola & a can of pepsi 
 You other muthafuckers just can't impress me. [x2] 
 (Verse 3: Quota) 
 1st watch yo' mouth, 2nd quoter ender 
 3rd I'm a real gangsta I ain't no pretender 
 Don't get my hosts's mixed up with yo' suspenders 
 I got a shot like McGrady at Toyota Center 
 Cops quit interrogatin' look I don't remember 
 You won't see my homies snitch, they my cold defenders 
 I'm still stuck around like a broken blender 
 'Cause my block stay hot, even though it's winter. 
 (Verse 4: Coast) 
 Hey don't pretend to be my partner dawg, if you want me to drop and fall 
 Then bring it on 'cause I'll win all yo' mouth gets on your posture wrong 
 And all of y'all was walkin' talkin' 'about me like y'all all the boss 
 And thinkin' like I'm crawlin' off, I promise y'all a holocaust 
 Don't hide the coast, I ain't yo' bro, you actin' like you know me though 
 And rap is what you know me fo' the fact is I don't only flow 
 Slow yo' roll, peep the game, keep the piece and keep yo' brain 
 I'm Strapped and Deadly 7 days up out the week, now Carolyn sing. 
 Niggas in the click be Strapped and Deadly 
 Bust till they shit get jammed or empty 
 Hide coca cola & a can of pepsi 
 You other muthafuckers just can't impress me. [x2] 
 Can't impress me. 
 Oh no. 
 Oh, oh, oh... 
 You other muthafuckers just can't impress me.