Yepa Yepa homeboys. 
 It's the nigga Low-G. 
 Puttin' it down for the nina 8. 
 We givin' prop, what we did this week. 
 So don't trip, if we forgot your click. 
 I move 100 pounds in my Hustle Town 
 Come around fuck 'em down with my underground 
 Puffin' pow-wow clouds in my T.P. 
 But my hina' hollerin' release me 
 Prime time like shines on the high mimes 
 Hellafied rhymes, huh, you rewind 25 times 
 Another fool puttin' down the truth, 
 You can't fuck with the Riddla' On Da Roof 
 Mista', go get her, kick the mo' better 
 If she wanna go, fuck the hoe, let her 
 The wanderer, Hillwood Hustla 
 Turn your back on your gail & I... uh... straight clown in my H-Town. 
 Is you hoes really ready for the take down? 
 Break down, stay ground, my niggas don't play round, pop pop, 
 Make your whole click catch the greyhound. 
 Geto Boys, Master P, D.J. Screw, Kid Frost, Mobb Deep, 
 Ese Fools, Ice-T, Fat Pat, Public Enemy, 
 We put the Streets On Beats. fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck 
 Makaveli, Rakim, Hillwood Hustlaz, Most Hated, 
 Too $hort, Bone Thugs, Dogg Pound, Nas, The Fugees, 
 We put the Streets On Beats. 
 Stick & move, hittin' lics, sweep 'em left to right 
 Act a fool when I 1 2 check the mic 
 Come trip with the pimp in the smoke-ray lac 
 I jump in this shit & there's no way back 
 Creep the 7 7 seville convertible 
 My cadillac got a 3-foot verticle jump in the front 
 Bump in the trunk, weed turn to smoke, skunk in my blunt 
 I'm the cool homeboy, I'm a fool with no patience 
 Got a Dope House in 7 locations 
 Professional, but don't test my testicles 
 On the pedestal I'm colder than an eskimo 
 Gotta have it, causin' panic with an automatic 
 & leavin' myself, no one else saw my magic 
 Gifted child, raised in the wicked wild 
 Put the Streets On Beats. Who trippin' now? 
 Run DMC, KRS-One, Mass 187, Spice 1, 
 Herschelwood Hardheadz, Tolo G. 
 We put the Streets On Beats. 
 D.J. Quik, Big 50 Snipe, Criminal Rage, 
 20-2-Life, N.W.A. Lil' Kim, Rasheed, 
 We put the Streets On Beats. 
 I be the actual, factual, rap supernatural, blowin' up national 
 It's understandable, not to mention 
 What I'm stressin' leave you second guessin' 
 Dope sell itself, saw my CD steady pressin' 
 It can't see me, I flow so freely, you muthafuckers more slimier than seaweed 
 Jus' to pee-wee, son you watchin' too much TV, I'm on CD 
 See mo' pussy cat than tweety! 
 On the underground nation, layin' foundation 
 The biggest problem that H-Town's facin' 
 Did a lot of wrong, but mom, stay calm, cause now I drop bombs on CD-ROM's 
 Your raps get pimpslapped, you kickin' bubblegum 
 Only real niggas know where I'm comin' from, under confusion 
 Run up on houston & bow down to the styles I am usin'. 
 Trinity Garden, ESG, Street Military, Bam, Al-D 
 K-Rino, Point Blank, Klondyke, Botany, 
 We put the Streets On Beats. 
 Wicked cricket troublemaker, A.C. chill, 
 Biggie Smalls, Outkast, Cypress Hill 
 Lighter shade of brown, Malascho, W.C. 
 We put the Streets On Beats.