[South Park Mexican:] Tryin' to stop the rise but the Mexican lives. 
 [South Park Mexican:] Carly... I want you to stay strong mamacita... Listen to your mom okay?... Don't worry Daddy's 
 Gonna be home soon. 
 [South Park Mexican:] Thinkin' 'about my baby girl, Thinkin' 'bout my baby girl. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Thinkin' 'about my baby girl 
 Growin' up by herself in this shady world 
 She got a good mom & I hope that 
 Everything will be fine till I'm home black 
 Up in this prison can't do much 
 With my homies and is my turn to cook lunch 
 Listen my children I can't believe 
 What these muthafuckers doin' to my family 
 But I stay strong & I keep my faith 
 Even though I'm thuggin' till I see my grave 
 Mama don't worry about your youngest son. 
 You should know that I never was the lucky one. Sadness was all that I was delt right? 
 Happyness never knew what it felt like 
 But I know I can't be held back. 
 Like they did me in the 6th grade remember that? [Laughs] 
 Carolyn: 
 Today they love what they see our people killin' one another. 
 South Park Mexican (In the background): 
 8 Bar hooks... But I'm just gonna do 4 know what I'm sayin' 'cause I gotta to do this. 
 Carolyn: 
 They fear The Day of Unity the day our people come together. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 I know the primege should never have a favorite child 
 But my Carly just so crazy and wild 
 My only daughter she's Daddy's girl 
 And for her I'll buy the whole Astro world 
 But she don't want money she just wants me there 
 To watch her play piano or brush her hair 
 And I know there's a million kids 
 That feel the same pain that my children's in 
 45 Years 'cause they hatin' a G 
 To brake loose from this modern day slavery 
 They wanna sent the cage makin' minimum wage 
 That's how this muthafuckin' system was made 
 I lift weights I play handball 
 I write Carly I write my Grandma 
 I'm writin' a movie & I'm sendin' a copy 
 To Edward James Olmos these hoes can't stop me. 
 Carolyn: 
 Today they love what they see our people killin' one another. 
 They fear The Day of Unity the day our people come together. 
 South Park Mexican: 
 You got Tango and you got Famas 
 You got vatos that cry for they mamas 
 You got soldados that handle they bizz 
 You got people that can't recognize they kids 
 You got homies comin' in on the straight 5 
 Put some work in now he gotta face life 
 That's 40 years before he on parole 
 Is all in the sopa he ain't comin' home 
 This is the belly of the beast the semen jungle 
 The drunk driver that killed my homies niece and uncle 
 Just walks right by me. Should I straight flow 'em? 
 Naw homey instead I'm gonna pray for 'em 
 In 7 weeks when this album hits the streets 
 They'll be pist at me 'cause I made history 
 I speak from the place they stuck my race 
 But revenge is the sweetest muthafuckin' taste. 
 Carolyn: 
 Today they love what they see our people killin' one another. 
 They fear The Day of Unity the day our people come together. 
 Today they love what they see. 
 They fear The Day of Unity the day our people come together.