People talking: 
 Bailiff: 
 Order in the court! 
 Judge: 
 The court room ask's Carlos Coy to step up to the witness stand. 
 Do you swear to tell the truth, nothing but the truth, so help you God? 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Yeah. 
 1st Verse: 
 I'll begin when I started gettin' violent, sir 
 Screwin' in my muthafuckin' silencer 
 I grabbed my 'stol and then I felt the coldness 
 People stood around as I told this 
 Ferocious confession of relentless aggression 
 I was taught to shoot first and then ask questions 
 I sold rocks, I was raised with no pops 
 My 4 glocks, twistin' hoes like door knobs 
 Bitch offer me the pussy, so I took it 
 They call me a crook 'cause that's short for crooked 
 Stayin' high as hell and drunk as fuck 
 You ain't down with the Mex, you can sick my duck 
 I mean duck my sick, I mean suck my dick 
 Don't laugh bitch, you know what the fuck I meant 
 And if I ever come back to the free World 
 I'm a take my baby girl out to Sea World. 
 Time Is Money. 
 Time obviously isn't on your side. 
 Time Is Money. 
 Lawyer: 
 Can you tell the jury exactly what happened on the night of December 2? 
 2nd Verse: 
 My word is gold, now check, how the murder's told 
 Bring me back 14 and my birth is sold 
 Learn the code, then meet me at the service road 
 Now you all understand what this person know 
 Servin' coke, seemed like my purpose so 
 I was the perfect mold of gangsta you've been searchin' for 
 But on a further note this cat tryin' to burn my dope 
 But since the day that Mama gave birth to Los 
 I heard them hoes, forever be first to smoke 
 Tryin' to jack a jacker. What's the purpose Loc? 
 Mercy no 'cause he smiles and ain't heard the joke 
 Now he's in his blood, tryin' to write a cursive note 
 I snatch his circus rope he looked like he turned to chrome 
 That boy got a date with Dirt, in the Earth below 
 With the worms, that hoe left on an early note 
 I seen him run the red light & I heard she broke. 
 Time Is Money. 
 Time obviously isn't on your side. 
 Time Is Money. 
 Judge: 
 Do you have any last words before I give you your sentence? 
 3rd Verse: 
 I spent alot of time away from family and friends 
 The first song I wrote was a song called "Revenge" 
 Ever since then, my weapon was a pen 
 But I still kept a strap for those devilish men 
 Sucker better duck-a from the buck, buck, bucka! 
 Do a fly-by and shot your aunt and your uncle. 
 Does anybody understand the life of the trill? 
 Pigs and snitches get along 'cause they squeal. 
 Time Is Money. 
 Time obviously isn't on your side. 
 Time Is Money. 
 But there's no way in hell you can run from time. 
 Time Is Money. 
 Time obviously isn't on your side. 
 Time Is Money. 
 But there's no way in hell you can run from time. 
 3, 2, 1. 
 Sounds of door closin' in prison: 
 Inmate: 
 South Park Mexican. What the fuck? I just knew you'd be back. 
 (People talking:)