In my Hummer with a tiger, chrome on the wiper 
 Fired My Receptionist 'cause she a slow typer 
 Candy green Viper with the white striper 
 Choppin' down Scott, slicer & a dicer 
 Keep my wrist iced up just like my white cup 
 Ass on the tight buck bought Pop a nice truck 
 Bang, Spice I round my neck a phyton 
 Pack a 4 pound 
 do you wanna die 
 gun 
 Puff like a dragon, slab cadillac Broughm 
 Stack cash in the back of a Crack home 
 Wrec'em till the outro, show em' how the south go 
 Hoes on the down low, feed my dog Alpo 
 No Blues or red that's leavin' fools dead 
 Bang gray tapes and listen to what Screw Said 
 Tre to the Clarke, back to the South Park. 
 Have you ever seen a nigga just freak a Skylark? 
 Ride, ride, ridin' on them Vogues, fo' sho mayne, we gon' 
 Crawl, crawl, crawlin' on them Vogues fo' sho mayne. 
 I was a neighborhood drug dealer 
 Hillwood High life fuckin' blood spiller 
 In it for the money and not much else 
 Picked up a pen & I struck wealth 
 I was travelin' to different cities, different hoods 
 Sometimes in Arenas, Sometimes in the woods 
 Met alot of fans that I never knew had 
 I get little gifts & I give 'em to my Dad 
 He puts 'em in a room with all my old trophies 
 Things he looks at 'cause he ain't got no stories 
 Of me growin' up as a kid on Corl Street 
 He left to the store and now were 4 deep 
 Came back 10 years later 
 Mom there's a man outside. Is he a neighbor? 
 He said he lived in our house a long time ago 
 That's your Dad, son, I guess he's back from Stop N Go. 
 Ride, ride, ridin' on them Vogues, fo' sho' mayne, we gon' 
 Crawl, crawl, crawlin' on them Vogues fo' sho' mayne. 
 Change out the couches, doesn't buy ounces 
 So I had to open up 7 Dope Houses 
 Cadillac Bounces, started makin' thousands 
 Draped up in 3 thousand dollar outfits 
 Everybody happy, laws tryin' to trap me 
 Pissed 'cause I quit and started comin' up rapping 
 Higher than some scaffolding sipping laughing 
 Stayin' on my toes like them hoes that be tapping 
 I'm a gambler, neighborhood camper 
 In my jag trippin' out on Zoolander 
 Play fastball but I move kinda slow 
 With some little freaks, y'all must be from Idaho 
 I think I'm from Ohio 'cause I'm kinda high yo' 
 I'm a role model but I ain't gon' lie though 
 Killin' brain cells really isn't cool 
 That's why I'm gon' quit in 2052. 
 Yep... that's me... blowin' weed with my grandpa watchin' uh... yo. 
 O mayne, we gon' 
 Crawl, crawl, crawl them 84's fo' sho' mayne. 
 Well then, ride, ride, on them killer Vogues fo' sho' mayne. 
 Creep and crawl, crawl, on them 84's.