Now these West Coast players and we love to ball... 
 And these Gulf Coast Hustlers love to do it all... 
 And them East Coast killers ought to represent 
 And when we ride together we gon' kill some shit... 
 I got my mind made up, I'm strapped & I'm ridin' high 
 West Side till I die, money multiplied 
 Down and dirty hooked up with my phones 
 Gulf Coast in a hurry cadillacs and gold jewlery 
 And we blow big candy cane 
 Player hatin' dirty Mex don't understand the game 
 Baby beach, baby beth, latino's if ever do you gang bang 
 I can't do it 'cause I'm all about my money man 
 Hoggin' And Doggin' cheddar cheese full of scratch 
 And got them super fly fish tags full of tash 
 That's how we do it, hustle fluit runnin' through my veins 
 I got soldiers that'll dump for a little change... 
 South Park Mexican: 
 Ring around the police, pockets full of hoezies 
 It's the Wizard of 36 OZ's 
 Swingin' 'n' swervin' jealous man's burden 
 Hoe's see my ride and wanna say they a virgin 
 20 inch turnin' keep they heart hurtin' 
 H-Town city slicker, buy my German 
 Sippin' on bourban, back woods a burnin' 
 Back in the days I couldn't get one wordin' 
 Now I park valet wit boys outta Cali 
 Players on pro's like the muthafuckin' valley 
 If you were me, you'd be surrounded by security 
 Dope House, known for our purity. 
 Now these West Coast players and we love to ball... 
 And these Gulf Coast Hustlers love to do it all... 
 And them East Coast killers ought to represent 
 And when we ride together we gon' kill some shit... 
 Yeah, these west coast riders with the down south G's 
 17 shots pulled back an squeeze 
 Take Keys break 'em down the O's & P's 
 And I'll ball like a muthafuckin' C-fee toe 
 I'm laced in this bitch like PCP, with SPM and LOW-G 
 Down with the click, I'm Baby Beesh 
 And I'm a Hillwood Hustla till I die muthafucker 
 I'm a grind in L.A. till my very last day 
 It's a struggle but I gotta bubble baby, please believe it 
 I guess that's the reason I roll with my rival 
 And like I said big frost is a hard act to follow... 
 (3rd Verse: Rasheed) 
 It's the Philly Alumni 
 On the drum I, come I 
 Wit the type of funk that make a sucker cry 
 But he need no paper to fly 
 I ain't gon' lie 
 My organization down wit World Wide Hustlaz 
 Gettin' sick, wit Salty Waters' Lifestyl livin' life-a 
 The homey force that's gon' hop up on the plane 
 Seize, that Baby Beesh without the west coast Mary Jane 
 On the east coast, they're goin' whacko for that stack of paper 
 On the South Side, they run wit slangers and they stack that paper 
 We screamin' 
 yay yay 
 Wit the baskets full of blaze 
 South Park Mexican and Rasheed makin' power moves ev-ery day 
 Cashin' in the money 
 Like Universal comin' wit Def Jam 
 And do a hater we gon' have to... 
 Now these West Coast players and we love to ball... 
 And these Gulf Coast Hustlers love to do it all... 
 And them East Coast killers ought to represent 
 And when we ride together we're gonna kill some shit... [x2] 
 Low G: 
 It's yo boy Low G from the center of the planet 
 I feel it get crunk and take control like Janet 
 When you hear the hit, what show you gonna jam in 
 Can't hang with the bandit, haters can't stand it 
 Recommended a mendez, ta win dis 
 The Menace most worse that Dennis. 
 Mm. Me entiendes? Raches apendes 
 Remember me Low-G from the block of rock 
 Second war with the 9 millemeter glock 
 Keep it endless, stayin' friendless 
 Cali flex the next 
 Kid Frost, Baby Beesh, Rasheed and the South Park Mex... 
 Now these West Coast players and we love to ball... 
 And these Gulf Coast Hustlers love to do it all... 
 And them East Coast killers ought to represent 
 And when we ride together we're gonna kill some shit... [x2]