(South Park Mexican:) 
 Behind this walls, I'm a find out what's goin' on 
 I'm gonna find, the cure for our peoples down fall 
 I'm gone find out, why we fillin' up penitentiaries 
 Faster than they can build them 
 I'm gonna to find out, why half of our population 
 Is behind bars and penitentiaries and caught in the system 
 I'm gone to find out, why all of our people are gettin' locked up 
 I'm gonna find the answers, we're on the inside of this hat 
 I promise, we're only gonna get stronger. 
 Just me and you, let's take the town over 
 You my best friend & a down soldier 
 At your apartments we can stack dollars 
 Families to see how the grass hoppers 
 So I trust you, love you like a brother 
 I wish you knew she's a hoe & I could fuck her 
 But I haven't, I know she hold your heart 
 You know the streets but you not so hoe smart 
 Fuck it though! Let's make fast fitty maine 
 Hits this muthafuckin' streets like some heavy rain 
 You got kick do' burglarers and murderers 
 If a fiend want's a front take his furniture 
 We a team, that's how it should have been 
 Whether shootin' hoops or sellin' dope at Will and Glen 
 Public housin' on Fridays pushin' thousands 
 50 50 together we was movin' mountains. 
 One day they will come 
 And try to take your life away 
 For When Devils Strike 
 It's a love thing 
 They just love to see when you down maine 
 For When Devils Strike. 
 I get a call from my boy 'bout 7:30 
 Eatin' pizza with my bitch watchin' Eddie Murphy 
 He said his workin' but somethin' went wrong 
 I grab my gat and put my bullet prove vest on 
 He said meet him at Palace Inn room 6 
 Turns out he was smokin' crack with 2 chicks 
 He said "Los I took a few hits at 2:00 A.M 
 After that I haven't stopped until you came in 
 Got 12 rocks left out of 40 fool 
 Take what I got or I'll smoke 'em too 
 See the money started comin' in real late 
 So I tried some, just to be awake 
 I thought it be like coke that's why I did it 
 But man it's like 10 times more addictive" 
 That night he turned into a crack head 
 A month later, my boy looked half dead. 
 One day they will come 
 And try to take your life away 
 For When Devils Strike 
 It's a love thing 
 They just love to see when you down maine 
 For When Devils Strike. 
 Cops caught him with a pipe full of residue 
 I was sad but I felt it would help him too 
 He got 2 years now his gettin' healthier 
 His in the pen & I regret I felt for her 
 I took her out to a place called Wizard Lounge 
 She had soda, me I was zippin' Crown 
 We agreed on a friendly date, no touchin' 
 By the end of the night we was both fuckin' 
 At my trailer was the first time that we did it 
 I know it hurts, so I won't get that specific. 
 But remember on the first day you got out? 
 And we met right in front of your mom's house 
 I cried like a pig, I was feelin' low 
 I couldn't tell you, 'cause I knew you would kill the hoe 
 I was mad at me & I hated her 
 A month later, she asked if I came in her 
 She got pregnant and didn't know who's it was 
 If you high right now, you might lose your buzz 
 But in court, she lied and said it never happened 
 Now she suing for the money that I get from rappin' 
 I lost the case. But how did I expect to win? 
 When my jury didn't have one Mexican 
 And they knew I didn't do that dumb shit 
 Now I gotta show 'em who they fucked with. 
 One day they will come 
 And try to take your life away 
 For When Devils Strike 
 It's a love thing 
 They just love to see when you down maine 
 For When Devils Strike.