SPM 
 South Park Mexican 
 SPM 
 I'm SPM, You Know My Name 
 I'm the one that came up but never changed 
 I make my moves, life is what you choose 
 I'm the one that spoke in different high schools 
 Stay off the streets, homeboy you'll never win 
 Your goin' 2 places: the graveyard or the pen 
 Contradictions on my chest, lot's of lipstick on my clothes. 
 Can we ever be stopped? Only God knows 
 South Park sunny side, I roll with the realest 
 Represent my area from Hillwood to the village 
 At the grocery store they used to look over my shoulder 
 And saw a basket full of Arm and Hammer bakin' soda 
 Conversation rules the nation, but in my hood 
 Talk is cheaper than a old wet piece of plywood 
 You boys is more phonier than cubic zerconia 
 Make you suckers pay the very day I get ahold of ya. 
 My name is... 
 SPM 
 South Park Mexican. [x2] 
 Pass the greenery, tweedle lee, tweedle la 
 Layin' in my spa, takin' off my Heina's bra 
 Me and the law, had problems in the past 
 They smelled my grass, but could never find my stash. 
 Who can it be? 
 It's that boy Los 
 I broke up with my chick 'cause my cash went up her nose 
 I tell you what it was & I tell ya what it is 
 There's 10 year old men and 50 year old kids 
 My flow is legendary, on the 3rd of February 
 I wrote this song at the old cemetery 
 I did my time, no sunshine 
 They must be gettin' bonus's for lockin' up my kind 
 My name is... 
 SPM 
 South Park Mexican. [x4] 
 You seen me and didn't believe me, now look 
 The World is listenin' the movement is here, the day is here! 
 We ain't stoppin' homey! 
 We just gettin' started! 
 I see you jealous, hateful people wishin' the worst for us! 
 You'll pay like the last ones did! 
 You'll pay this for my freedom! 
 We'll never be the same! 
 You'll never catch up! 
 I fight hate with love! 
 When I was young I used to be a shoe shiner 
 And work for a dime as a newspaper part-timer 
 Every now and then my real Dad would come around 
 Born and raised in Houston, A.K.A. Hustletown 
 My drop is on jock and my game is on lock 
 My attic full of automatic weapons of assault 
 The streets live in us, I think I broke a guinness 
 Last year I took the record robbin' 40 dope dealers 
 Dancin' with the wolves, man, my hood is jet black 
 But they had love for the only wet back 
 I got a sauna in my 80 foot bus 
 We don't chase paper, paper chase us 
 You Know My Name... 
 SPM 
 South Park Mexican. [x4] 
 South Park Mexican. 
 South Park Mexican. 
 South Park Mexican. 
 South Park Mexican. 
 South Park Mexican.