1 of 4... 
 My name is Ian Mathias Bavitz 
 I was born in 1-9-7-6, at Biosfet hospital, located in Long Island, NY 
 I am 6 foot, four I weigh 2-0-0 pounds 
 I have brown hair and green eyes 
 I enjoy writing songs, painting, movies and diner food 
 I have two brothers, Chris and Graham 
 And two parents, Paul and Jameija 
 In august of 2-0-0-1 I went crazy... 
 This was originally not for public consumption 
 This was made for four people... four people that literally saved my life 
 They know who they are... 
 And ah I mean I could live to be a thousand years old and never re-pay them 
 I don't think this song would pay them 
 But hopefully by putting it out, push the bank a little further... 
 This ain't a burner for the whips (no it isn't) 
 This ain't even Aesop Rock fly earthworm demeanor (no it isn't) 
 My name is Ian Mathias Bavitz and I was born in Long Island, New York 
 Seventy Six, before Graham and after Chris... OK 
 In August of 2001 my seemingly splinter-proof brain bone, scaffolding imploded 
 I kept it on the hush, but nearly tumbling 
 To the cold hard concrete on near bodega trips 
 For cigarettes and soda, shook me to casper 
 Dizzy with a nausea chaser, motor sensory eraser 
 Gorophobe tunnel vision, guilt, self loathing arrangements 
 Rose rapidly out a bog I'd never fished in 
 That abates three separate foreign meds 
 While I use the hook line and sinker simple fishing 
 Simple primitive self taught, easing of soul, mind and body 
 But the symptoms rejected my cave-man modus operandi 
 So now it's one fish belly up, through medicated mileage 
 Shrinks that get 250 an hour for awkward silence 
 And, I'd be lying if I said all of this 
 Made even the slightest fragment of sense to me 
 That's real... Simply put 
 I don't know what happened, or what's still happening 
 I literally feel like I'm teetering on the blunt edge of my sanity 
 JAIME, I killed the robots and I'm sorry 
 Broke down in front of you, embarrassed 
 But you lent a heart and hand that only you could 
 You're one of my best friends and yes I'd take that bullet for you 
 That's my word, which is about all I have left 
 TONY, I know you know I'm crazy, 'cause you told me 
 But that did never bother you, I hold you as my brother 'til death 
 And I got your back if ever the drunk goblin step 
 For makin' a cat laugh, when I was walking with the dead 
 KATHERINE, mother figure, older sister, concerned be a limits 
 Letting me know I wasn't the only one with this 
 Continuous offers for vacation, Chicago visits 
 Talked me through repair of a head full of broken pistons 
 RIYAH, for the late night movie rentals and the company I needed 
 An' you knew it, but I just wouldn't admit it 
 You listened to me blab about my issues for hours 
 Offer incredible advice, gave me a hug when I was finished 
 Am I a jack of all trades? Nope... I like to write songs tho' 
 Are they good? I dunno... 
 But I could tell you that I only write shit down when I believe it 
 So take this how you want, but know I mean it 
 I want you all to know that I'm scared 
 Out my fuckin' crooked soul and never faced a monster like the last few months 
 Ever in my whole life... I wish I could explain this better (I can't) 
 But the pieces won't formulate it to anything even close to cohesive 
 So I guess this is my feeble way to thank you 
 Four soldiers that extended something sacred off the purity of kindness 
 I owe you all my life and please don't argue with that statement 
 'Cause without y'all I may not have a life to offer, take it 
 Thank you 
 I wish I could explain this better. (Thank you) 
 I'm sorry for burdening your pleasures. (Thank you) 
 I love you all with all that's left of me. (Thank you) 
 For helping try to kill what made a mess of me. (Thank you) 
 Somehow, someway. (Thank you) 
 I'ma get you back someday. (Thank you) 
 Just gotta figure this all out... So... 
 I guess it is kind of funny when you look at it from a step back 
 How one man can literally buckle under the same pressures 
 Other men operate normally under 
 I have soaked this out from all angles, walking through time 
 I have been over everything in my head, still I can't think anymore 
 But I guess some times, when you can't breathe, there are people there 
 To breathe for you 
 I am lucky enough to have those people around me 
 Thank you for helping me to not die 
 Thank you for helping me to not die 
 Pocket full of pennies, and a soul gone tilt 
 Cockpit full of memories and a dream full of guilt