Aesop Rock (Aesop Rock)... (x16) 
 Is a love such as that which I exhibit for my practice 
 The factor which then amalgamates debates with straight-jackets and ROBES 
 Huddled in brackets that blacken the average globe 
 Xenophobe, loathe to modify the fly, feel this... 
 I carve a notch in my wall for every stall 
 Every fifth mark slants diagonal to symbolize your downfall 
 Drunky peasants, honor the shifty Megatron presents 
 Slug a bolt one ceremonies of merit turned blood sport (Uh) 
 Fought in hella high seas, I freeze your mega dumb company 
 Pumpin' out wise beads like, fly sneak-attacks on dry leaves DUNCE 
 Crooked rumors turn zoomers when rookies talkin' 
 Bad seeds blossom the wookie walk, hawkin' 
 Let a sucker drift, I lift up every stone prone to find 
 The point at which repellent signals ultimately bind 
 When a pack of style mimics see my brains target the cluster 
 I advance clutchin' the mic like bully the knuckle duster 
 Innocent, your riddles yield a little plastic blend 
 Fuck a badge, light a bonfire, dance a jig around a pig 
 Figurin' yea, I'll land a plan on bleached fame trackers 
 Using only the finest in post-modern terrain mappers 
 Once my brethren disperse... 
 My God, you'd think the heaven's touched the earth then 
 Thirstin' a perch on a bursted curse 
 But I don't confide wine and water chose me 
 Bored, lasso down Polaris, let the glow amuse me 
 OK I lay me down to sleep, creepin' a slumber under red skies, 
 Heads splittin', straight sippin' a drip of dead vibes... 
 It's red tides from here, stop and smell analog hell, 
 Clenchin' a stench of burnin' logics and a child with yearning optics... 
 Now someone's approached the robe, shaking like snow-globes 
 Others sought safety in numbers, others' flows got towed under (yeah) 
 Still another took a turn and crashed and burned while others flee 
 But there will never be another starvin' marvel like me 
 See, there's a time when... rhyme and... 
 Pain combined can't even manage to tell what the swell is, like 
 Picture your imagery embellished with the hellish aspects of the swarm's forlorn facets 
 Soul crafted fat cats, burrowin', left perennial tenants discouraged in 
 Discussin' my four-season flourishing, Uh! 
 Surgeon purging poetic lead poison 
 Poised, in ploys to leak a little bit of moisture on your pride 
 I'm a, animated style machine in a veening faulty production fueled by nicotine suction 
 From ducks in my carnival to vipers in my garden 
 You flash identify bottom genus species and class start to chuckle... 
 Buckle the architecture till it fell through. 
 Kill the survivors, then raise the dead for shock value 
 By the time the pending settlement's fully negotiated (yeah I'll...) 
 I'll have put aside a few to get myself situated 
 So like sadly, my style spooks juveniles like "Boo" Radley 
 Radically we consume the Colonel Kurtz in our platoon soon enough 
 That's one bluff call, toughens the searcher 
 Stuttering, emerging, gutter urchin, bursting 
 I live for the moment of truth 
 When Big Willy rapper acknowledges failure and states 'Goddamn my shit is trash' 'It's time to let go' 
 Tin man bangin' upon his chest to hear the echo: 
 'Heartless kid, hollow compartments' 
 See we the people of the united, starving artistic 
 Militia keep movin' in order to form a more perfect union 
 I'm clued in to the poison panoramics brewed in panic situations 
 It fucks a little with my brittle gift 
 I tell myself 'Stay' (Stay)... up high 
 Make a mockery of sun, and moon, and star 'til they hand over the sky 
 My de luxe is, fluxes, pivots to where the crux is 
 Invade the town while village elders holler 'Who the fuck's this?!' 
 See hipper cats, aggravated, trudge through the muds 
 Quickin' ones plots thicken like, coagulatin' blood 
 Rugged serpentine climb, pebble the rock 
 Let your pretty, pink cloud nine expectations please you not 
 I'm, Ae-fuckin'-sop Rock, mic bizarro. 
 Proper application of the soul by my standard. 
 Candid was position from which instigations spawn 
 And man, I plan to die with a mic in my hand, it's like... 
 Abandon all hope y'all, abandon all hope, it's like 
 Abandon all hope y'all, abandon all hope...