The bully cycles dig the stitch in 
 Rig the hitch in golden theory 
 Teary victims walk in slatters (?) like my left eye astigmatism 
 Lift the bridge and sink 
 Link the fink divisions ink transmission with a jinx 
 Instead of tripping off the ways glitter blinks 
 Sinker 
 The book had mentioned several separate crafts that mobilize to clash defendants 
 The end-all installments dissolved in a Class A blemish 'n' such 
 I'm touching oxblood skies over my city which hover in blue disguise 
 The dry season New York's five reasons flock to the marketplace 
 Targets chase targets oblivious to if they heart a splash of bull's eye 
 Kings (Games?) begin, blood, dread and sin 
 I'm crawlin soft, all of a sudden somethin' feels a little off 
 I nab a nauseating caution 
 Peddle on exhausted levels 
 Lost in identifying the unsure-edness plus the lord of morbid bliss 
 Tore in the cure that fits 
 I sit, lit up a lung, thoughts spin as I realize "goddamn, its I against ah"(?) 
 My name is Aesop Rock, 
 Bulldozer-brand, exhibit-alpha bad Samaritan 
 I capsize rubber ducks 'n' suck the merit in 
 Governed beneath the cherished checks and balances routine 
 I check my balance as routine, check balance in my dreams 
 (??) (This breed'll?) buckle, flunk, and cling to the wrist 
 I thread the needle like my knuckle through the ring 'o my fist 
 Work out the kinks in my wrist, 
 Weave up a tapestry so large it covered ev'ry inch of sky, 
 So I cut holes for the stars - look up! 
 Hook up the speakers, 
 I cook up another heated dirty lung devotion chokin with the ocean's bottom feeders 
 And you love it, 76 inches of sound 
 So y'all could dig me six feet deep, my eyes'll still be over ground 
 Now, I've got myself circlin' over these pushers 
 Each luggin' a bucket of concepts crafted of every shape, element and devious ingredient one could possibly conjure 
 And I consider my trust sacred, and if by chance it (sneaks/leaks?) in your direction, well, 
 I've either known you a long time or I'ma see you tomorrow 
 The daggers that rip that bond are the sharpest 
 But I'll take that pain, 'cause in the long run, 
 You're prob'ly doin' me a favor 
 The Dub-L installation swivels to click (my science?) dirty art 
 Like my lungs upon display'll make the room turn dark 
 A (poem review?) and a compilation of statements made by critically acclaimed (??) (composers?) 
 I digress 
 Wishbone on an Earth hungry for flesh 
 While tyrants hug upon their broadcast treasure guardians 
 (Barter frontiers?) till stealth remedies mesh 
 Resident evil 
 We alone hold current (cycle?) to define 
 Graceful ascension over 
 Wasteful intervention 
 This little pig hides behind his faithful train collection 
 Bends the tension in trip wires at every landmark 
 And I guess this marks my family [right?] 
 I guess this (dark's been charted?) by those (tidal?) fellow artisans 
 (Who assign, comply under the martyrdom?) 
 Plank walker, the shark infested waters all turn charlatan 
 Alive! 
 (New shears?) for rhetorical inquiries 
 I dive 
 I've seen missile (line lies/lives?) fade (in tirading/entire rating?) heckler academies 
 Divorced from (insipidity?) 
 And honestly, 
 I discipline the workers in my colony with glorious intention to live 
 Just to walk on my home-made suspension bridge 
 I discipline the workers in my colony with glorious intention to write 
 Just to walk on my home-made yellow brick height 
 It's like pillars line these aisles with chrome gates 
 While (milestones?) wait to trip feet up 
 Fiddle with thoughts that never led (vague/bay trails?) to victory 
 Just yesterday my main amigo (Block?) described the (sinuses?) 
 To pull the (halves/haps which bleed a scene?) on opposite assignments 
 We offsprings plucked off the worry willow 
 (??) Anonymous 
 Strokin' tokens of broken promises for hobby 
 I scrape the pennies out my back pocket for needy drunks 
 Like low riders scrape their bellies on speed bumps 
 Purity's the (lure?) and I'm on top 
 Middle (??) Aesop Rock 
 I saw the sunlight riding in harmed 
 And hell, it died right in my arms, 
 Now I'm breathin' in the evenin', the evenin'... 
 **Lyrics are clearly unfinished--please help correct if you find errors!** 
 **Words in parentheses (?) might be wrong; those were just my closest approximations/guesses**