Cook it up, Spooky, Salute, Look 
 'Zook'll hook it up to shoop the local Wendy Cooper loopy 
 Low brow, low brim, she asked me, "What's the name?" 
 I flashed the grossest fang in show biz 
 Young Valkyrie's open, "What's yours?" 
 "Um, Jenny, um..." 
 Body clocked in a ten-penny sum 
 Sprung colossal, miss, may I process your Pentium? 
 But Ae is hesitating, "My princess, 
 The pigeon holing roles that your predecessor's lunacy in the kismet" 
 Her eyes googled back as that of one unfortunate breed 
 Plus a new kink in the posture 
 "Just don't get all barnacley 
 Or Get P.T. Barnumed in 3D THX sound stereo dismissal 
 Sorry hun, it's just the last few have been a fistful 
 Like, like, them girls you bump into out dumb luck 
 Get high innocently kiss once when she's punch drunk 
 Watch her misinterpret the moment tongues touch 
 Crazy Miss Cling-a-lot claim instant one love 
 And you gotta beg your friends to take 'em off your hands like thumbcuffs 
 Or them barbies you'll vibe for a sexy second (lovely) 
 Give it a month; Hyde Heckles Jekyl and she makes Hitler look cuddly 
 But Jenny in the sky with emerald eyes 
 You're so different, so delicious, so the fish 
 I'd be willing to walk the limb with! 
 So let's just get a few things out the way: (okay) 
 I'm clinically bonkers and hate just about everyone God's great earth offers 
 I won't be getting dressed up to impress your family, dear 
 And if I can't wear jeans and sneakers then I won't be lamping there 
 Nope, aggro-pimp, sinfully, finicky nova, back it up no-diggity soldier 
 Magic-touch fingertip donor 
 Own up to your dirty debutant animalistic instincts 
 Ritual courting dance and breeding behaviours (like what?) 
 Like, "I dream of Jeannie and fucking her obscenely" 
 But Jenny could be Jeannie so easily if you'd let me 
 Hell, the bad tact daddy-o Merlin-- 'e' for effort 
 Most of these high-post Fabio world motherfucks make my head hurt 
 Dead up-- I got death in the skull but you'll get used to it ma 
 Dinner and cinema, yes, just cough the bread up 
 Sure, he schleps with naked pockets but I carry dreams 
 Like I wanna be an astronaut after you marry me" 
 (Whaaaat???) 
 "You're rushing this I feel smothered it's crowding me awfully, dolly 
 I love you, Get the fuck off me! Sorry." (Call me) 
 And I'm circling her like a tiger shark frenzied but friendly 
 "I'm cool, how you feeling Jenny?" (Jenny) Jenny (Jenny) Jenny 
 "So quiet, ooh I like that, so mysterious, I dig it 
 The way you haven't made eye contact with me once in ten minutes 
 I'm just saying girl, I'm dirty-dog raw vintage mixed with mega-low society 
 Mister gutter-fuck etiquette, try me 
 So there it is... game. I mean it's not like I'm sweating you 
 'Cause when it comes down to it, most y'all females are the same 
 But now it's your turn baby, spit it out 
 "Okay," she punched me dead in the fuckin' mouth and walked away 
 Watch out ladies cause you know he don't love ya 
 Bazooka Tooth is one bad motherfucker 
 He's a low life pimp with a low life game 
 He needs a no life dame with a strobe light frame 
 Cook it up now... 
 No ring on the finger 
 There ain't no strings attached 
 But if you love television and 
 Manic depression 
 Get a carton of cigarettes 
 And we can make it happen 
 Get to mackin' 
 Just leave your bag up on the curb with the trashcan 
 It ain't like I seen you in maxim 
 Relax with the tap dance 
 Lights, camera, lap dance 
 Cook it up now...