The ritual goes, same window different visual. 
 Wing of wax, or wing of gold leaf 
 Choose one. 
 Float or plummet 20 thousand cold leagues 
 My nourishment's provided in the summer 
 So that I wonder 
 How y'all chasin' dreams when most tangibles still outruns ya 
 Hail dirty doll immaculate performance 
 Warm as the march of a billion torches forward to burn what I born at 
 Cut and paste alertness to current set is provided quick 
 Shimmy the pirate ship mast, spot the islands on the sovereign in her bow 
 Facing, let's salute the embrace pertinent generals who turned innocent hermits to burning spectacles. 
 Flirtin' with a serpent workin' overtime 
 Drain the battery, siphon the poison and flood his majesty's hatchery. 
 I was riding on the yellow bus to where the brush thickens. 
 Yeah, an it ain't exactly plush pickin's 
 I'd rather take the time to burn every last bridge I've ever crossed beneath the sun 
 Than live my life knowin' you may one day follow me over one. 
 Snake bite 
 Breath too heavy to hold. 
 Caught up in the wake of the red witch tryin' to swim it. 
 Ran for the sake of dead click stripped of idyllic image 
 Steal a sloppy earth meal feed my pottery wheel to model colossal vision 
 Thrill, shrunken with a bucket of pennies 
 I'ma drag my sneakers through the dirt like alligator bellies 
 'Til the cloud burst 
 Honor and a loud thirst submersed in a trap 
 Little drummer boy vs. thunderclap 
 In a city of garbage, tryin' to reap the harvest 
 Adaption is the trap in which the artist meets the forest 
 Swing your little axe or be an oak tree if you can 
 Either way, adapt to circumstance or play you final hand. 
 No enigma, an attempt to bury the hatchet 
 Rendered me victim of deviltry plus wounded like stigmatics 
 Somethin's somethin' hazardous 
 I smell an inch of difference in this mornin's pollution pistons and how the loose ends drift in 
 My sour patch institutions slipped in amidst the invaders and, 
 Pardon my tone but, 
 This garden's grown fuckin' acres since my visit. 
 Itchin' to count the layers in the blizzard to that chapter where my family inserts the dagger and 
 Twists it. 
 It's the carnival, have you any sweets for my weary kin 
 It's the carnival, have you any feed for my cheery grin 
 It's the carnival, welcome, play our games you'll never win 
 'Cause it's that carnival where every freak show spectacle's your friend. 
 An' I'm a, 
 Ghostly galleon, tossed upon cloudy seas 
 Antifreeze to glacier cookin' a look of fiery nature 
 It's the, 
 Ceilin' feelin' too heavy to bless the I-beams for a fraction more collapse (I left sorry) that to 
 Your door. 
 Bitchin' my back to hell's kitchen, back 
 Burnin' murder machinery, released regardless of the pardons 
 Hitchin my life to the leash of one minstrel 
 Sick of same window different visual 
 Same agnostic hostage different ritual 
 Play, cooperative supercolony clash (I heard we have a dust collection - let me see it) 
 Ooh, I duel this underdog verse forced adaption to the marbles of the now 
 Since then my knuckles haven't once dragged on the ground. 
 In a city of garbage, tryin' to reap the harvest 
 Adaption is the trap in which the artist meets the forest 
 Swing your little axe or be an oak tree if you can 
 Either way, adapt to circumstance or play you final hand. 
 The ritual goes, same window different visual. 
 The ritual is same fuckin' window different visual.