• Breeze brewin • a yo I send this to all of my corporate 
 Corpses tryna abort the thoughts of coming out wildn', 
 Dumbin' out time to off the office, I was surely sorta 
 Twisted, worked at a TV studio, an audio assistant, easy 
 Do my duty though at times was in a mean mood, hot I 
 Gotta be cool, on the brink of fiend's drool, glaring at the 
 Green room, made a brother the same color, but beyond 
 Neon, pushin' me to peon, barkin' at dreams to be gone. 
 Tending to the talent and many they haven't any, was 
 Especially a challenge when he be like god damnit can 
 He hear his vocal. as he cuffin it "How my mic sound?" 
 Thinkin' on the low it's perfect when he put the mic down, 
 Clown stand steady grillin' wanting subservience, sound 
 Man buryin' thinkin' I'd fuckin' murder them and I'm stea- 
 Min' as I'm watchin' duke, leavin' on some hot pursuit, i 
 Gotta win as these cats be modelin' what not to do. 
 6 in the morning and the walls close in, high noon calls 
 And the walls own him, kings at the ready know the walls 
 Won't win. 
 • A.r. • storms on the harbor like a harbin- 
 Ger of gore, gore is my harbinger, pardon 
 The art of war, get your doors darkened by 
 The house of card carpenters who never 
 Thought a slave could be a sparticus and 
 More, pencil sharpener with a resume for 
 The carnivores who take important con- 
 Ference calls in corner office walls, still 
 A buck is a buck and he punch numbers, 
 5 - punch! just say no to company func- 
 Tions, and he duck into the dungeons, 
 Nothing says "kill it" like a day of fetching 
 Paperclips and staplers for the privileged, 
 Two lives one is chores for whores, one is 
 Where I want to be when you begin regret- 
 Ting yours, and I poured in with a large 
 Coffee, tardy every morning, to a man who 
 Took authority beyond what it was for, how 
 You gonna pay the rent day job free? make 
 Rap records, matter of fact, thanks, peace. 
 • Cage • in a hospital gown day off from 
 Being tied down in recreation, swinging 
 A paddle at mental patients. raping the 
 Competition to smother the pain and sin 
 So he pounds you out in table tennis like 
 Wang Liqin. too strange within just to stop 
 Demented interactions sleep and thoughts 
 Documented. he's lingering insane paint 
 Thinner in his vein colors blown out around 
 The doctors finger in his brain. with a nee- 
 Dle unable to beat him in a fetal position 
 He crafted a path to escape his condition. 
 Would cling to the white walls the psych 
 Halls in his mind soon bled the words he 
 Would speak to the world in time, but not 
 Before more injections strapped to the bed 
 Until the psycho-tropics took hold of the 
 Rap in his head. when his wrists released 
 He wrote tunes you could snoop through, 
 Day of release said depart from me I never 
 Knew you.