Gun for the whole family 
 • A.r. • 
 Before shooting troops was cooler than hula hoops 
 High noon was your basic who's who of brutal truth. 
 Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance, 
 Turn a young'n to a dozen paper dolls holding hands, 
 And tricky was a wooden horse pushed up on your porch. 
 So chicanery was yours to engage or ignore, 
 I was on the ladder with a lotta dot pawns, 
 So we carried lawn chairs and buckets of popcorn, 
 Pass the popcorn, 
 Brawl fair, cop car, 
 Voyeur hawk him out his hinges, storm door splinters, 
 Clamoring about, hammers out about to ring, 
 Infiltrate each others tribes and murder each others queens, 
 Packed to the very last rafter, 
 Clung to the rafts and the Cameras to capture the damage, 
 Neck swivel with a chop-chop volley. 
 Where the ants leave nothing but the bones and the car keys. 
 Pardon if his Ttwo feet fester, 
 It was rude of me people, 
 Meet left and lefter, 
 Planted like a model of civility and honor for the sector, 
 But never got his extra extra! 
 Peace for the better but it wasn't entertaining, 
 So they waited for the tazing from the safety of his haven, 
 Like bees to the honey when they lumped you up, 
 'Cause bumper cars are only funny when they bump. know that. 
 Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance 
 Popcorn, pocorn 
 Hot summer gun or box-cutter slow dance 
 Capture the damage, capture the damage 
 Capture the damage, capture the damage 
 Popcorn, pocorn 
 • El-p • 
 Tune to hellemundo for action packed blasphemy, 
 Big city translate your face till it atrophy... 
 I let the shadenfreude boy out, actually, 
 Deployed devoid, with grin to watch laughingly, 
 (Yeah bitch) 
 Pass the p's it's a laugh in, I can smell the tragedy 
 When hatchin', 
 Happily dispassionately patched in, alive with the menace of demise 
 Like "yes!" the pain dazzles... 
 Man, 
 Pass the popcorn, pass the popcorn 
 It's reality at its fastest, 
 And yet it still unravels at a pace like molasses, 
 Like it's the last of the seconds 
 Before the worst of disasters stretch past us. 
 Wouldn't you agree that it is fabulous? 
 In the corridors of entropous wars contort drastically 
 Till it fits, I adjust to climates or the wilderness, 
 Walk along my spine take the pilgrimage, 
 Up into the section that's reserved for the smirk of the coldest witnesses. 
 Work you motherfuckers 
 Hooray! 
 There's all day to die, 
 Innovate the mayhem with grace, the good form-fall. 
 Fuck if I'm 'a warn y'all, now I got the front row to the greatest entertainment that an angel never saw. 
 Sixty thousand watts of that raw 
 "Pull the claw out of the trunk" fun, 
 Each one teach one how to club one, 
 Look at how they bathe up in that dove blood. 
 It's gonna be a night of thrills and chills where the sacred is made of 
 Mud mud. 
 Each one teach one how to club one, club one, 
 Popcorn, popcorn 
 Each one teach one how to club one, 
 Wouldn't you agree that it is fabulous? 
 Popcorn, popcorn 
 ... 
 Capture the damage. 
 • A.r. • 
 Yo, it was a lazy day, it was amazing grace, 
 It was a half-a-Dozen claymores daisy-chained, 
 It wasn't daisies and crazy Eights, 
 It was an ace of spades over a waiting game of slaves And saints, 
 And every trainee face-painted, while his great escape 
 Grazed and ate, 
 He'll never make it, 
 When he aims he shakes, 
 And I was overly engrossed from a very locked door 
 With a couple milk duds 
 And buckets of popcorn, 
 Pass the popcorn, 
 Clap clap, encore, 
 Monkey in the middle study how 
 The bunker took the missiles, 
 Age of Machines with nary a green screen, 
 So the hecatomb is every bit as cutty as it seems. 
 I could tell the pet from the vet, 
 Money where his canine's spread and never welched on a bet, 
 That said, know the over-under on your local hunter 
 And you'll profit off his widow-maker's numbers every summer. 
 Bump in the night, funny, will he catch and release 'em? 
 Has he mercy, will he hack 'em to pieces? 
 Is he Dirty, will he hassle policeman 
 And security breach 
 Until impurities 
 Leak 
 Over the circuitry? 
 And nada milk and honey there, is only skulls and bunnies, 
 That hop around drunk in the Land of 100 Mondays, 
 God damn, pop the Redenbacher proper 
 And for Christ's sake get this man a doctor.