(Man 1: Give him one of these pills if he has any pain.) 
 (Woman 1: A parable: What is it? 
 Well, it's a little story with a lot of truth in it 
 An earthly story with a heavenly meaning 
 Jesus told many parables to grown-ups and children alike 
 He told them simply and sincerely, in words everyone could understand 
 So that all might learn the lesson he was trying to teach...) 
 (Yeah!) 
 Well they were selfish with the helmets on the little bus 
 Till brake fluid sewage crippled up the get-retarted nickel punks 
 Slowly cope but swore his lowly robot foley folk 
 Would one day rise in sections to interrogate the Holy Ghost 
 (I knew it!) 
 Holy smokes 
 Father. Black suit, white collar 
 Kiddie porn dungeon, guns, and three fingers for your daughters 
 Caught belly-up. Antique Nazi paraphernalia 
 You can not pay you bills with holy water and Hail Mary luck. (Oh my!) 
 Shucks, fucker. Enjoy the Alcatraz shower fun 
 And mommy's mad; I'm cliché generation X Agnostic Front 
 It ain't the nifty faith in 1958 before the New-New Testament approved altar-boy fistic rape 
 And take me to your leader 'long as he don't manipulate toddler-beaver. (Leave him alone!) 
 Call me crazy but I'd bet that wasn't God's demeanor 
 Sod-o-meter peaking. (Me too!) 
 But Long Island was Jesus every weekend spoon-fed to appease traditional upbringing 
 Of a Middle Pennsylvania shit-hole where elders movement 
 Stressed the stellar therapeutic Bible cycle. (How?) 
 One church with a bait and tackle store next door and not much more 
 So the two moved to New York, made babies raised on what they'd saw 
 Christmas morning smelled fresher than angel pussy 
 But immaculate conception came second to playful goodies 
 Like laser-tag was way more spiritual than blood and body wafer bags 
 And manger staff as long as Santa ate the cookies (Well...) 
 Grandma was a saint while he'd paint with snakes and bullies 
 Said "If only you'd memorized your prayers like you did your Kool-Gs" 
 By the time I was old enough to know what religion was 
 I was Catholicism-numb and truly didn't give a ... FUCK 
 94': Moved out the crib and it ain't seen a steeple since 
 While Knievel-Evil seeps in a Christian leader's pitch 
 Till priest's lap slapped with parental advisory warnings: 
 "I'll be auditioning gods in my office on Monday morning" 
 (Yeah!) 
 (Yeah!) 
 Uh-oh! And yet another pill slipped 
 Down the hatch It patch him through the kill-switch 
 (Yeah!) 
 (Yeah!) 
 I need a couple As for Qs 
 I'm not an asshole I'm just a little confused 
 (Woman 1: This story reminds us of the one Jesus told about people who were kind and helpful to others 
 He said that one day the king would say to these people 
 "Come, inherit the kingdom prepared for you 
 For when I was hungry you gave me food 
 I was sick and you visited me 
 I was in prison and you came to me." 
 But the people asked 
 "Lord, when did we see you hungry and feed you? 
 Or sick or in prison and come to you?" 
 And the king answered 
 "In as much as you have done it unto one of the least of these, my brethren 
 You have done it unto me.") 
 (Yeah!) 
 Just a little bruised in the back of the pews 
 Acting amused with a mask on them Vatican blues 
 For in the eyes of the organization I was raised in 
 Aes' is just another sinning brick in Hell's basement 
 Cubicle adjacent to the killers and rapists 
 For what? Drugs and fucking is part of growing up 
 Like cups offa dumb shit's better than the schools 
 I'm not an asshole I'm just a little confused 
 Just a lit fuse in the back of the pews 
 Watching a thousand flavors of the same God feud 
 I figure ultimate peace is the common theme 
 So it's a no-brainer piece when the blood hit the screen 
 Got a basic good and evil sensibility born 
 Good neighbor know a halo wouldn't fit over horns 
 I'm more science than faith, I'm more karma than bread and booze 
 I'm not an asshole I'm just a little confused 
 Not an asshole I'm just a little confused 
 Not an asshole I'm just a little confused 
 Not an asshole I'm just a little confused 
 (Man 2: You know what, to be completely honest, Aesop, you're a fucking asshole.)