spoken: 
 Hey stupid, you're listening to Bazooka tooth, dental cannons, molar pistols; shit like that. 
 This is Murs, motherfucker, this is Aesop Rock, Ace Rizzle. Ya know what I'm saying? Check it out, like, Living Legends, Def Jux, if you don't know, now you're informed. 
 Be better prepared for the next time this type of shit goes down. 'Cause when it's happening and you're unaware you look like a complete asshole. 
 (Fastest motherfucker touching down on kick drums)? 
 Every leader dead and its making you upset. 
 La da de dah da da, La da de da da da dow dom 
 Set, set, set... 
 Every hero dead and its making you forget. 
 Get, get, get. 
 La da de dah da da, La da de da da da dow dom. 
 I'm in and out a pig channel serrated by hand feeders. 
 Army of vicious kidney patrol yam peelers. 
 They sleep in barns and whisper looney conspiracy secrets. 
 Increasing payroll to end is blind, while a.w.o.l. went the leaders. 
 The only mammal officially banned from food chain 
 For Finishing for over 25 consecutive years on top is aggravating, 
 Alarmingly, the pulse don't bump right, 
 And he's up nights bumping over crunk and bug bites. 
 Who luck like this evening. Stay electric mud blood jockey in for the footing. My last supper starts with a vinaigrette over pickled muppet hearts while sheep tucked deep in the wood chipper. For the shepherd was a milk carton in scissors. Clammy hands make henna run on risky Jenga tugs. They're all sweating, Hell I'm sweatin' too, just ain't nobody sweatin' you! 
 (Holmes!) 
 The muck went abacus on labor persperator official biz when auditioning demos by which to live. 
 No whammies, Stop. 
 Triple six game never chose me. 
 Trickery gets hokey. 
 Pick up stix and ponies. 
 You've got mail champ: blow me. 
 Just a trooper with a question mark machine needy 
 Pointed at the heavens like bee gee on some "where the hells my freebie?" 
 To clamp war stupid. 
 No land lords or super. 
 No hands. 
 Water no ice cubes Rubik, no plans. 
 No motor movement no dance, no pyrotechnics to enhance. 
 No chance 
 Too many grown men calling in sick over cramps 
 I weigh in heavy on the jaded bitter subtracting the frontal gimmick 
 I want to solve world hunger and fuck a pinup 
 I want to find a 21st century carbon crutch worthy of pedestal placement and shitty path walking to touch. 
 (Fastest motherfucker touching down on kick drums)? 
 Every leader dead and its making you upset. 
 La da de dah da da, La da de da da da dow dom 
 Set, set, set... 
 Every hero dead and its making you forget. 
 Get, get, get. 
 La da de dah da da, La da de da da da dow dom. 
 Ain't no time to sit and lift stones 
 So its left to the dogs to find their way home 
 And you grew up in a similar generation alone 
 With fist full of humanoid models along the road 
 With a frank? in your ancient 
 Fuck if I can find a flesh and bone tour guide to etch me through the makeshift 
 Every little footprints dated and ancient 
 Now ima step through this motherfucker impatient 
 For the first time in a long line of dog fights 
 Little Lassy will not be returning home tonight 
 ?