These lil', lil' fuckin' Martians 
 You gotta love em' though 
 Mars attacks wit' electric gats 
 Not for sapien abduction (what's up then?!) 
 Billy took a laser to the mug piece; hollowed out the mandible 
 Channel headquarters order the cannonballs (Mars attacksssss) 
 We have high demands column to this pigeon ankle 
 And boomeranging' our harvest; 51st area sickness 
 Not a threat, an area witness won't injure the promise 
 Monster lead- carry your ligament fanged in the mosh pit 
 Dodge vapor, labor days are major A sir 
 Cater the alien decomposer soldier platter like cabbage check eight 
 I told her "go for C4 magic's" 
 Smolder as the Bazooka Tooth holster fabric 
 (This fucker's rabid and still breathing!) (Hiding cabbage!) 
 Oh, the heater claps to leave me 
 I'ma ninja this shit wit' sugar in the fuel tank of the saucer 
 Buddy up and head down to the metal corporate tunnels 
 Ice pick the soldered ship wiring; pissed of the mother and um, 
 I'd be lying if I said I knew your intentions 
 See my sexy sabotage seeks defensive action to save the race 
 You land in hand on board to mention magma (Blaze the place!) 
 Red five revival there's wires in the bible 
 Obviously, ultra take advance when I point counterpoint 
 Comparison of ET verse little old freak me (She be on somethin') 
 Hey riddle sweet peas wit' your nickel PCs; fickle CDs, miserable TV sitcom (typical!) 
 Pathetic. Ritual. Collective slackership 
 Beautiful establishment; you ain't established shit! I consider you foul 
 Prowl back to the numbers under burnt pride in the dark (sup y'all!) 
 They want us dead or alive without the 'aliiivee' Part 
 The sun rose over a body bag shortage 
 Last week I was like 'god bless the saint that invented the cordless' 
 This week I saw the re-wrap of the bull's-eye of my worship 
 Temple body slash bull-cabinet Mastermind diversions (Fuck y'all!) 
 Let's do this shit, my movement soothes any space invader practice 
 Stomped under enemy like "Hey what now, bitch!?" 
 Hiding human hear me rise above material and cardinal sin 
 They shot me in the face 
 Mars wins (X5) 
 (Puffin' smoke) Run around with your face on fire 
 (Jet-black smoke on the horizon) Black smoke in the air. 
 Maaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrsssss wins! (I thought you would like it) 
 (We gon' make it) Who you screaming at dog? 
 I got this! (Lets go) 
 Zig zag zookah, pinnacle stitch 
 Unleash the unlimited edish primitive piss 
 I'm singin' cynical maybe the most military ops 
 Monkey! Here's elephant, and it drops 
 We on a three-ringed prong ancient elephant tusk 
 Bitter, at fully (break bread!) you shruggin' it off 
 Keep it electric, sure, But NY Electra's not about electric wars 
 Never seen a poor man's glimpse set fake (Last page!) 
 Three, two, one, domesticate! 
 In the corner of the cave reinventing the wheel and roll out funny 
 Sittin' on them Barney Rubble twenties, subtle 
 Sippin' Saber tooth blood puddle- 
 I could roll with the lackey's, that's if we hustle 
 Knuckle in the mud, hell's bells in the chuckle... 
 Red-berried face means smugger round the muzzle 
 I'm allergic to the now-born solo panel cutters stole quo to the core (dirt mess!) 
 Stone cold's hands out core cryogenics, stubborn 
 Can't talk shit wit' a tongue full a' rug burn! 
 Bad cholesterol through blood sugar 
 Four-piece heartbeats wit' a subwoofer! 
 I'm not asking you to act like you notice (Oh Aesop's SO Mesozoic.) 
 Now what if in the cabin built the old pulping? 
 Opened the mirror, stole a pulse with the voltage 
 Keeping me alive is the vibe with the Vulcan's (hope!) 
 I'm the divine catapult (Catapult!) 
 I break it down to the bunk for the crooks wit' the goals of a angel 
 Eat. Sleep. Fuck. 
 Structural droids; more bangs for the buck 
 But they want a last stegosaurs - thorns in the glove (buck wit' it!) 
 Prehistoric land shark business, cradling the arms of the car man's kidney 
 Swarm to the sickly thawed out the glacier 
 Beggin' for the freezer burn; back every day sir! 
 Sir, your science loves to fuck nature 
 Sir, your right to the dawn of my day sir 
 Sir, your violent laugh homing beacon's never set; 
 Who chase till we all catch vapors 
 Don't call it a sound-off, "Mars Attacks" be the malarkey downfall 
 It's not a game no more, run from the flash, leave your penny at the door 
 A lot of magic gadgets; give em' all back just to nullify the savage 
 Mic's crumble we be rockin' right; in the year of the Troglodyte 
 Saw a grey mouse rabid poured on a board to the dull morose world like a lull in a storm 
 And I know you was hopin' that the piece for the ox was a dull sword, ah 
 (Guess what, it's not!) Guess what else, I transmit from the block! 
 T-Rex - X-Ray with triple X Hex (give it up!) 
 For the yesterdays, or the next I can assure you if the RZA got the sword, (dead flesh!) 
 Ain't no time left. (Keep ya head up now) 
 Maaaaarrrrrrrrssss wins! (I thought you would like it) 
 Your head will be down in the dirt 
 We'll end it real quick 
 Maaaaarrrrrrrrssss wins! (See how strong you are then..) 
 Your head down with a mouth full of pebbles 
 That's it man, no time left. 
 Y'all keep talkin'. It'll get you nowhere...