All right 
 I can hear the ocean in a shell, but 
 For the life of me, I never heard your surges 
 More than raindrops in a well 
 Paladin tribe, break beat elitists 
 Element five 
 Fully sold on operation 
 Jeopardised on my survival 
 I will survive when sprayed by heavens liquid ammunition 
 I'll survive when betrayed by my brethren's wicked ambitions 
 I'll survive when grated with shut-eye sticky thickets and thorns 
 Born clutching a fistful 
 It hurts: morbidly blissful 
 Forms spiraling 
 Sovereigns bring the rise from the funnel; 
 A chorus line of blind crazes 
 Tap the water, find the tunnel 
 As skinny clique mechanics flock to block pick of the land 
 We stretch the earth around the canvas 
 Dragging stick in the sand 
 And pan the hell out 
 Amid your tireless bold 
 Behold that iris spits clips 
 Subtly on supremacy, therefore, blemishes me 
 Oh, the treacherous penalty centers me, renders me vague 
 Skating slalom through this churning murder columns 
 I am not entirely trained to undo the shame 
 And all I got's three pennies and a rusty mic unto my name 
 Unto my game, the father Siamese approach 
 To whose delinquent dichotomy 
 Cops Emerald City in wonderous novelty 
 Drink drum, sip a snare to spit a rigid sequence 
 That's when freak sons Fade to Black 
 Like these pretty pink lungs, slugger 
 Paper dolls facade as swash buckler. (yeah) 
 Bounty hunt the front to document the frosh cluster 
 I am structure with a smoke ring, militant distinction 
 With a cloak-and-dagger stagger prime directive 
 And all else burrows itself amongst drunken perspective. (c'mon) 
 Fade me. I flee the scene 
 Grippin' the missing link 
 Like chain gang escapees 
 (I'm sayin') 
 BUILD ME (me) 
 KILL ME (me) 
 We cadets hold determination 
 As property undeniably divine; 
 We leak passion for the noise 
 There is not a track to cherish 
 From he who lacks merit 
 And all I think about's the motion 
 Exerted to color mavericks alerted 
 Herd a billion nervous lost child prodigies home to flourish 
 Now taciturn facets burn open to yield malarkey navigator 
 When wrestled on fancy driftwood out the vessel 
 And I settle 
 A conquest: 
 Stamp it 
 Label it 
 Fresh. (fresh) 
 I, in turn, apply policies which require intrinsic merit. (uh) 
 Try to wallow down these yellow bricks with yesterdays appendix on hold; 
 Spot it like sky horizon, exposed to bar-codes 
 Load your fantasy 
 Interject a bad dream candidly 
 Blue in the face, through in the chase 
 Between myself and fame's embrace 
 Face engaging 
 Presence resonant with 
 Chiaroscuro atmospheric traps 
 Inhabit the land of denied clearance 
 (Yeah) 
 Pigeon hold styles, drop similar 
 The course the corpse patients 
 Lacing non sequitur's that spittle off the chin. (spittle of the chin) 
 Upon the recognition, pilot soften up the grin 
 Spinning me dizzy, cold. Bending my city to hold water 
 Yeah, we got affiliates. Cadet merit and brilliance 
 Clever corporal (?) king-thing, crooked 
 I shrink, I sink into my book 
 It's, like, fury blew the scaffolding askew 
 And tainted curiosities allowed the freak show to continue 
 Forty thieves received the cue: commence blending a plan (yeah and that was spooky) 
 And decorate the dusk like henna to hand 
 We unknowingly sketched the pentagram by sending clans 
 Of caffeinated couriers upon a quest to run the perfect circle around a star 
 Bizarre pattern with a bad vibe 
 Like Jafar to Aladdin; 
 Pardon the carbon-based blaze 
 Amongst the stagnant trend frenzy 
 It offends me 
 Wait, ain't it the liquid soul therapy? 
 I sip to grip a stationary pillar 
 Yet we slipped these boogie nights 
 Sucked wattage from rookie lights 
 Now you proud 
 I'ma be there when you rush in 
 Just to touch the mushroom cloud 
 Drink failure 
 Lord have mercy on their dreams... 
 Pretty pixels tend to trickle down the screen 
 Know what I mean? (I scream) 
 BUILD ME (me) 
 KILL ME (me) 
 We consider fresh soundplay we seek frighteningly close to extinct 
 My life line is an assignment: 
 To feed the arts my spirit and to bleed merit 
 The conclusion is subtle: 
 Huddled amongst hermitic gutter-bugs 
 Peasants, and drunks 
 Junkies to critics 
 Sick dictators, haters 
 Kings to alley urchins 
 Monarchs, narcs to liars 
 Circling the wild fires, (fires) 
 Live wires; I tend to plan an action less than orderly 
 In, with an otherwise uncommonly primer to normalcy torn, (torn) 
 These trades fade as cadavers due to conflicting data matter 
 First heard as remarkable is now labeled as unmarketable 
 Damn, thorn in my side... 
 Now the high five hives despised from feedings of alien seedlings, retreating... 
 Burst the threshold, make the vessel capsize 
 Then the hollering's of buoyant survivors 
 Treading evoke dreaded Leviathan 
 Dead it 
 Headed to crunch the world of MC etiquette 
 By dismantling mics prior to passing towards degenerates 
 How do you like that settlement? You feel that? 
 A maverick like myself bottles the creativity 
 Till the cocoon naturally peels back 
 This little light of mine shines 
 At a hundred billion times 
 The magnitude of every star 
 Within an ample sky sample 
 I alerted 
 My sole crusaders 
 To trade the games; 
 Prescribed them strict diets of DDT and Kelthane 
 It fester when ingested 
 Glorious vellum 
 Addressing helots to zealots 
 To Jezebel's to hellish felons 
 Granted my span of attention is not what it used to be 
 But most of y'all delinquents ain't amusing me no more... 
 Get Merit