Researcher #1: What's new? 
 Researcher #2: Oh, I never said. The blood analysis came back from the lab - most of 
 It was from a lion, but some of it was from a bat. 
 Hail Mary Mallon: Hey, what's up dude, want a Sun Chip?! 
 Deepthroat: Fuck you, Hail Mary Mallon! FUCK YOU! 
 Hail Mary Mallon: *Blubbering*... 
 Deepthroat: *Laughing* 
 (Aesop Rock) 
 Bucket-seater theater sucks, I duck and weave 
 Riddle of the pixelated ticker taking prisoners and a number please 
 Name and occupation: Aes, I twidddle thumbs with underlings 
 Orange eyes, head shrunk, age: a million, sex: drugs 
 Barrel in escorted by a chorus line of bedbugs 
 Low-tech dreck from his neck of the cement woods 
 We come in pieces under siege and unwilling 
 Kicking and screaming, creatures summoned to the feet of the city 
 As the parking ticketed guilty, beetlejuice in the waiting room 
 Ogling this bird who put the Double D in 'Day of Doom' 
 Personal space invader dais, pay-to-play-to-lose 
 And you can see a sitting duck grow up into a baying wolf 
 Live 
 Teller Number 7 looking weathered 
 Like a decade in a glass box yelling shook her feathers 
 Utter "Unto thee I surrender mine flesh!" 
 She said "Put the yellow sticker on your fender - Next!" 
 *Interlude of animal noises* 
 (Rob Sonic) 
 Gotta fly in the morning 
 Better pack a potato 
 Raging bull mad truck never bagging the rain kill 
 Curse of the slango feather take it and late rope 
 Double Jack drink, 6 minutes till gate close 
 Excuse me dougie fresh, I'm lost 
 Part bad, rabble the raffle, arrest off 
 Dial it down, know where the ghost of the great flood 
 With his styrofoam finger making it rain wounds 
 Take down bang-job taking a blank check, and 
 I'm buff slim-jim, drinks, and John Lennon 
 Uncle Bobby blast-it and back at the wrong wedding 
 'Cause I came for the food but I stayed for the prom 
 Dresses! 
 One block heavy, it's gonna be $6.80 
 No-cheating tempers go hunting with Dick Cheney 
 Slowly let the dogs out quicker than finish Halo 
 That all-black tips is picking the winnebago 
 Researcher 3: You see, we're being attacked by a creature from the future...