Flash that buttery gold, jittery zeitgeist 
 Wither by the watering hole, what a patrol 
 What are we, to heart huckabee, art fuckery suddenly? 
 Not enough young in his lung for the water wing 
 Colorfully vulgar poacher at a mulch like 
 'Imma pull the pulse out a soldier and bolt.' (Fine) 
 Sign of the time we elapsed 
 When a primate climb up the spine and attach 
 Eye for an eye, by the bog's life swamps and vines 
 They get a rise out of frogs and flies 
 So when a dog fights hog-tied prize sorta costs a life 
 The mouths water on a fork and knife 
 And the allure isn't right 
 No score on a war-torn beach 
 Where the cash cows actually beef 
 Blood turns wine when I leak for police 
 Like 'That's not a riot, it's a feast, let's eat.' 
 And I will remember your name and face 
 On the day you were judged by the funhouse caste 
 And I will rejoice in your fall from grace 
 With a cane to the sky like 'None shall pass.' 
 None shall pass, none shall pass 
 Now if you never had a day a snow cone couldn't fix 
 You wouldn't relate to the rogue vocoder blitz 
 How he spoke through a no-doze, motor on the fritz 
 'Cause he wouldn't play roll over, fetch, like a bitch 
 And express no regrets though he isn't worth the homeowners piss 
 To the jokers who pose by the glitz (Fine) 
 Sign of the swine and the swarm 
 When a king is a whore who comply and conform 
 Miles outside of the eye of the storm 
 With a siphon to lure and a prize and award 
 While avoiding the vile and bizarre that is violence and war 
 True blue triumph is more 
 Like wait, let it snake up outta the centerfold 
 Let it break the walls of Jericho. Ready? Go. 
 Sat where the old cardboard city folks 
 Swap tails with heads like every other penny throw 
 And I will remember your name and face 
 On the day you were judged by the funhouse caste 
 And I will rejoice in your fall from grace 
 With a cane to the sky like 'None shall pass.' 
 None shall pass, none shall pass 
 Okay, woke to a grocery list 
 Goes like this: duty and death 
 Anyone object, come stand in the way 
 You can be my little Snake River Canyon today 
 And I ran with a chain of commands 
 And a jetpack strap where the backstab lands if it can. (Fine) 
 Sign of the vibe in the crowd 
 When I cut a belly open to find what climb out 
 What a bit of gusto he muster up 
 To make a dark horse rush like enough's enough 
 It must'a struck a nerve so they huff and puff 
 Till all the king's men fluster and clusterfuck 
 And it's a beautiful thing 
 To my people who keep an impressive wing span 
 Even when the cubicle shrink 
 You gotta pull up the intruder by the root of the weed 
 NY chew through the machine 
 And I will remember your name and face 
 On the day you were judged by the funhouse cast 
 And I will rejoice in your fall from grace 
 With a cane to the sky like 'None shall pass.' 
 None shall pass, none shall pass