1 of 4... 
 My name is Ian Mathias Bavitz. 
 I was born in one-nine-seven-six, at Syosset hospital, 
 Located in Long Island, NY. 
 I am six foot, four. I weigh two-zero-zero pounds. 
 I have brown hair, and green eyes. 
 I enjoy writing songs, painting, movies, and diner food. 
 I have two brothers, Chris and Graham, 
 And two parents, Paul and Damita. 
 In August of two-zero-zero-one, I went crazy... 
 This was originally not for public consumption 
 This was made for four people... 
 Four people that literally saved my life 
 They know who they are... 
 And uh, I mean I could live to be a thousand years old and never repay them. 
 I don't think this song would pay for them. 
 But hopefully by putting it out, 
 It'll push the thank you a little further... 
 This ain't a burner for the whips. (No, it isn't) 
 This ain't even Aesop Rock fly earthworm demeanor. (No, it isn't) 
 My name is Ian Mathias Bavitz, and I was born in Long Island, New York, seventy-six, 
 Before Graham and after Chris... OK. 
 In August of two thousand one, my seemingly splinter-proof brain bone-scaffolding imploded. 
 I kept it on the hush, but nearly tumbling 
 To the cold hard concrete on mere bodega trips 
 For cigarettes and soda, shook me to Casper. 
 Dizzy with an argent chaser, motor sensory eraser, 
 Agoraphobe tunnel-vision, guilt, self-loathing arrangement 
 Rose rapidly out a bog I'd never fished in. 
 That abates three separate foreign meds 
 While I was used to hook-line-and-sinker-simple fission. 
 Simple, primitive, self-taught easing of soul, mind and body, 
 But the symptoms rejected my caveman Modus Operandi. 
 So now it's one fish, belly up, through medicated mileage. 
 And shrinks that get $250 an hour for awkward silence. 
 And, I'd be lying if I said all of this 
 Made even the slightest fragment of sense to me. 
 That's real... Simply put, 
 I don't know what happened, or what's still happening. 
 I literally feel like I'm teetering on the blunt edge of my sanity. 
 JAMIE, I killed the robots and I'm sorry. 
 Broke down in front of you. Embarrassed, 
 But you lent a heart and hand that only you could. 
 You're one of my best friends and, yes, I'd take that bullet for you. 
 That's my word, which is about all I have left. 
 TONY, I know you know I'm crazy, 'cause you told me, 
 But that didn't ever bother you. 
 I hold you as my brother 'til death, 
 And I got your back if ever the drunk goblins step, 
 For makin' a cat laugh, when I was walking with the dead. 
 KATHERINE, mother figure, older sister. Concerned beyond limits, 
 Letting me know I wasn't the only one with this. 
 Continuous offers for vacation, Chicago visits. 
 Talked me through repair of a head full of broken pistons. 
 RIYAH, for the late night movie rentals and the company I needed. 
 An' you knew it, but I just wouldn't admit it. 
 You'd listen to me blab about my issues for hours, 
 Offer incredible advice, gave me a hug when I was finished. 
 Am I a jack of all trades? Nope... I like to write songs, though. 
 Are they good? I dunno... 
 But I could tell you that I only write shit down when I believe it. 
 So take this how you want, but know I mean it. 
 I want you all to know that I'm scared out my fuckin' crooked soul, 
 Never faced a monster like the last few months ever in my whole life... 
 I wish I could explain this better, (I can't) 
 But the pieces won't formulate it to anything even close to cohesive. 
 So I guess this is my feeble way to thank you; 
 Four soldiers that extended something sacred off the purity of kindness. 
 I owe you all my life and please don't argue with that statement. 
 'Cause without y'all I may not have a life to offer, 
 take it 
 . 
 Thank you. 
 I wish I could explain this better. 
 Thank you. 
 I'm sorry for burdening your pleasures. 
 Thank you. 
 I love you all with all that's left of me. (Thank you) 
 For helping try to kill what made a mess of me. (Thank you) 
 Somehow, someway, (Thank you) 
 I'mma get you back someday. (Thank you) 
 Just gotta figure this all out... So... 
 I guess it is kind of funny when you look at it from a step back, 
 How one man can literally buckle under the same pressures 
 Other men operate normally under. 
 I have scoped this out from all angles, multiple times. 
 I have been over everything in my head, 'til I can't think anymore. 
 But I guess sometimes, when you can't breathe, there are people there 
 To breathe for you. 
 I am lucky enough to have those people around me. 
 Thank you for helping me to not die. 
 Thank you for helping me to not die. 
 Pocket full of pennies, and a soul gone tilt. 
 Cockpit full of memories and a drain full of guilt.