(Sample from Sing-A-Song) 
 "You can come, I'll leap right over 
 Any day you like 
 System 605, Union 91" 
 (Aesop) 
 I forever wallow in glitches, grimly distributed by side effects 
 Consumed, cocooned in antisocial trenches, drenched! 
 Gridled between dense pillars of polar value lies 
 A grey so blueless it's got I fiendin for the sky. 
 Synthesized lies rise synthetic 
 Sittin' inside solidified plastics who's lateral burns germ compatible... 
 My firm's radically piloted, dodging a fire swiftly 
 Yellow brick stalker walking shifty... 
 I am but a prototype Metroid programmed to Holocaust style 
 While you're soakin' in the stages of denial. 
 Your petty soldiers seem fragile like Giacometti sculptures, 
 Embedded in aromatic cultures. We's rock steady vultures 
 Plus I's the guise of rowin' a soul. 
 My wingspan stands flags in the snow of the poles. 
 Berserk! 
 Swerve my alignment towards solitary confinement and jade it. 
 Stripping, color my passion mitigated; 
 I'm Slipping... 
 (Ann Colville) 
 You always seem like a small grey cat to me 
 Sleepin' underneath the silvery moon... 
 Paws curled beneath your head 
 Till the sun came round just around noon. 
 And you would greet me, purring in your doorway, 
 Drawing up your tail around my hips 
 And I would go to your mouth wide open, 
 Waitin' for my language to come from your lips... 
 And I move you. 
 And you like it. 
 Just enough 
 To let me. 
 But I hate you... 
 'Cause you're lonely. 
 And you know how 
 To forget me... 
 (Aesop) 
 For the love of my personal practice I reside 
 Where obstructive fluxes and societal withdrawl collides. 
 Slide fuel by the fury 
 Spun a ring around my honor 
 But the opulence took shelter in my horror. 
 Melancholy masquerade 
 Cast amongst the braiding of belligerence 
 And blazing terror that blew the lock down off my placement. 
 I stay special agent till the sky falls 
 Reverse the curse till my fellow lost children disperse 
 (Ann Colville) 
 And your footsteps leading down the pathway 
 Never seem to be quite like my own... 
 Your mind is smokey circles 
 It blinded me till I turned towards home... 
 And you would watch me far in the distance 
 Hands held high above your head. 
 I only leave the territory when there's nothing left to be said. 
 And I move you. 
 And you like it. 
 Just enough 
 To let me. 
 But I hate you... 
 'Cause you're lonely... 
 And you know how 
 To forget me... 
 (Sample from Sing-A-Song) 
 "You can come, I'll leap right over" 
 (Aesop) 
 I make music and connect color to canvas, 
 Swoop down from the trees with potpourris and other bandits. 
 Landed randomly upon the valleys of the grimace, 
 Saw my planted leaf start burnin from the oustide in. 
 Meaning your clout lies thin; 
 Salt prep the blades prior to five phase in my ever changin underworld. 
 Serate a day to decorate a traitor 
 That sting never fades like belly wounds from sling blades 
 Follow my portion, I'm gonna swallow distortion and spit the filter. 
 (Sample (Sing-A-Song High Tone Voice) 
 "You can come, I'll leap right over 
 Any day you like 
 System 605, Union 91"