On the train 
 Watchin' the rainbows (thank you windows) 
 I mean, it's all the same to some 
 But that cityscape makes me numb 
 Walkin' the wire between firewater and water - I'll take the tap 
 Still managed to end up thirsty the day the nursery collapsed 
 In my hand I hold the plumage of a buzzard 
 Somethin' for circlin' nutrition (seems barbaric) 
 I may have just saved your children 
 There's an inborn tendency tellin' me to grip that sickle 
 The pirate tyrant breathes, feed on your precious little pixels 
 I interviewed the sun, he said the future's lookin' bright 
 I interviewed the rain, he claimed the sun's truly an asshole 
 I'was supposed to interview the snow today but of course he flaked 
 So I let my frigid demeanor teeter and take his vacant place 
 We three sprout from the same litter 
 Yet amazingly crafted by separate scissors 
 I stalk the morbid beaten past splashin' in the cretin blizzard (?) 
 Half my time is herded toward little lost causes 
 Half my time is spent pluggin' these leaky faucets 
 An' I'm here to pose inquiries 
 I'm here to draw a fork in the road and call it the diary of common sheep aspiring 
 Little Billy star lit up the block got the right premise 
 But can't thread the needle without consultin' apprentice present. 
 I don't really know you (I don't) 
 And I don't really care (I don't) 
 Can't judge a man's dignity by the wattage in his stare 
 Maybe that deams me that vagabond you'd love to kill 
 But I really ain't got time for the motherfuckin' guilt. 
 I'm gone, and I best believe I'm leavin' 
 Pack up my belongings then it's off into the evening 
 Now I haven't exactly been embraced by the populace 
 Set sail upon the seven deadly seas of the anonymous 
 I'm gone, and I best believe I'm leavin' 
 Pack up my belongings then it's off into the evening 
 An' I'm diggin' a tunnel to where the sun'l never shine 
 I've got my book I got my dream I've got myself an' I'll be fine 
 (My time) is the day before the day the earth stood still 
 (My time) is the day before the soldiers fired at will 
 (My time) is the day before the hunter made his kill 
 My time to find a mile before the valley meets the hill 
 I'm an archer 
 Partnered with a farmer's board of appetites (?) 
 Sweetalkin' a rasping down to a mere flashing of badges 
 Prototypic landscape staged every step of my well-oiled collective workhorse with prose and attention festive. 
 Wait. 
 What about the captivator? 
 I am the product of skeleton dancers voice crooked scattered amidst blue fields of firey bliss tricks (?) 
 Where disease applicant activist rattlers, fascinate brave child 
 Where expectant slave smiles at the stick in the painted living 
 God, if I could offer maintenance to fantasies I would 
 I'd place the button in the city square for everyone to push 
 You see my mission's responsibilities range across the board 
 And so I'd rather be a pen than a sword 
 I swim a cold lake, make no mistake, I was not ready 
 All edgy and outta shape, made the company look messy (?) 
 (Sorry, well sorry) Honestly take it or leave it 
 Just let me know so I ain't beggin' forgiveness throughout the evening. 
 Basic locomotive with a whistle and caboose 
 Tryin'a pull my cargo 'cross the map without a boost 
 Brasher than more ways in ten years sturdy bird construction (?) 
 Help the smokestacks puff until the morn, dream torn 
 I'm gone, and I best believe I'm leavin' 
 Packed up my belongings then it's off into the evening 
 I've knocked upon every little door that comes about 
 I'll sweep ya porch if you can spare a couple of breadcrumbs and a couch. 
 I'm gone, and I best believe I'm leavin' 
 Pack up my belongings then it's off into the evening 
 This turning in my sleep is getting old and older still 
 I think I can, I think I can, I think I can, 
 I think I will.