I could make 'em all dance, or I could sleep 
 I could walk with a limp and make your step feel incomplete 
 People are made of match sticks, light this bread a flames 
 Note at the craft work door the last smirk of the the Damien mainframe 
 My box cost siphon third rail juice from lost poets 
 Inhabit ocean bottoms with a bitter rotten scapegoat pardons (note to self) 
 Don't bargain at martyr parliament rallies 
 Where participants squeeze your last giggle then whittle sacrificial finalies 
 I can tie my new faces alone, save your knee deep offerings 
 Sorta bring puke coughing bunk persona to light (I might) 
 Build ?? railroads, find you, and lay tracks adjacent 
 Just to scream "fuck off" as the engine pulls out the station 
 What should we do with a thousand drunken sailors? 
 "Kill 'em all, locate their family address, release a mailer" 
 (Dear sir or madam, your son or daughter's embarrassed human kind 
 Consuming booze and gut fuel, till they cruised across the line) 
 I spin gold, your raps are dirty lapsed 
 Towards the nursery class act impression of a bubble 
 (Yeah I could have been more subtle when polluting paradise gene puddle) 
 Man huddles make us look like cool peeps and I'm trying to school sheep 
 Towards the right idea {*c'ya* - 5X} 
 This basic divine subsidiary bust center syllable logic, fold origami 
 Plantation shut this picket fence 
 Hang on to your dreams kitten, you'll probably never hear this song 
 Let alone sip the mission long enough to listen 
 (I smoke cigarettes down to filter, smoke the filter down to space 
 Now I'm gonna roll this question tight and smoke that shit up in your face 
 Now if you were to alter masks every time fame circus approaches 
 Do you really think your maker wouldn't notice?) 
 Okay, I've died a thousand, and I'll die a thousand more, 
 I leave footprints in fours, two for bi ??, two operate ?? 
 Practically caress the utterings of crushed ?? brothers and sisters 
 Mothering stickler cabin and madden shit 
 I'll fix the wing for a penny and a parabole, yeah but this friendship 
 Sunk with a barrel full of ?? pull 
 I seen guys harbor bad shiners 
 Then wonder why the culprits sitting at the their rainbows ending 
 Want's garbage bag liners (??????) 
 Without the apple seed it's useless (I sat for greed) 
 Patched for boredom crafts a castle out of toothpicks (I sat to breath) 
 I breath to hard nearly metamorph castle loose pins 
 Now I stand to breath as not to disturb the ??? 
 And I know that's not a story, it no longer turns my stomach 
 Hollering wolves in the form of one frustrated culprit 
 But a love tap full of washed up stardom melted trying to milk it 
 Win a ticket to right white lines highway sideways ??? 
 One love to the rungs in my ladder, one love to the gathering of 
 Laughter bats that hung from my rafters 
 See the jackal met the badger, they were both such fucking bad asses 
 That clashing wouldn't make sense (hence my tape deck) 
 Now I ain't gonna name name's, and I ain't gonna drag others in 
 But I ain't about to say that I'm the only cat you got bubbling 
 Your lucky, somehow you managed to befriend some good people 
 Who will sit and soak the evils you secrete, but why? I'm not really sure 
 (Knock the fuck off, kicking his lip across the floor 
 Till the archival vinyl venom soak the ?? 
 Anti-clarity mechanism spit flattery burners 
 Fusing a million majesty murders then stole the crown) 
 Oh wait that's right, you discovered me right? 
 Offered up the peace pipe, and oh 
 It's all cotton candy when Aesop Rock the B light 
 He's actin' foolish left in the middle of laying bricks 
 (Oh we weren't building nothing but a great wall around these stones and sticks) 
 Oh and for the record I've been rhyming since me and Andre thought we could freestyle 
 Built foundation out of passion and brother dusty ?? 
 Studied dope rappers, vocab expansion, poems and syllable placement 
 Your just mad 'cause somewhere in there you came and went (I ain't the type to dwell) 
 Dismissed it as casually non compatible and bounced 
 Obtained status where I could straight objectively critique your after projects like 
 (Damn that sounds fresh) or (damn that shit is garbage, what happened? 
 I'm not even laughing) 
 Yeah, but the barriers were broken (you choked) 
 You made comments to the wrong ?? who out of respect and honor leaked your program 
 Now like were both trying to sit and breath another dawn so my advice 
 To you is when I say just "move on" [move on 5X]