So you know I'm bout to K.I.L.L. 
 People say I'm crazy maybe so I need to go and take a P.I.L.L. 
 They should lock me up and throw away the key and put me in a C.E.L.L. 
 They say they don't like the way I'm spitting fuck 'em they can go to H.E.L.L. 
 For R.E.A.L. let's go! (Don't play me) 
 Man it's kill or be killed 
 Fuck with me then blood is getting spilled on the field 
 I'm going crazy no refill on my pills 
 Ain't no use in anybody trying to tell me to chill, or cool off, cause the screws off 
 In my head ain't tight they loose y'all better try ta get a move on, 
 Get a u-haul, dog, a Ryder truck before I slice you up and put your body in the boondocks 
 I was doing it when Busta was saying Woo Ha! 
 When Boyz II Men was the shit and was singing Doo-Wop 
 We was sticking two Phillies together calling 'em ooh-wops 
 What you mad nobody knew who you was 
 Man, a brew buzz, wasn't never enough 
 We crushed anything we knew that we could toot up 
 Our nostril we pop pills and do bumps, falling out the sky like parachuters 
 Who wants drama wanna come and rumble with the champ, 
 Better not be on no weak shit, 'cause when it comes to rap I got it locked like it's a prison camp 
 These little kids can scram or tell 'em bow down kiss the hand 
 When they get put in their place at first they wouldn't embrace me 
 Now their faced with admitting that I got what it takes 
 And I'm a stay killing records tell 'em murders the case, 
 Until the day they consider me as one of the greats, I'm bout to 
 K.I.L.L. people say I'm crazy maybe so I need to go and take a P.I.L.L. 
 They should lock me up and throw away the key and put me in a C.E.L.L. 
 They say they don't like the way I'm spitting fuck 'em they can go to H.E.L.L. 
 For R.E.A.L. let's go! (Here it comes) 
 And it's bombs away and when I say that 
 I'm coming that means I'm probably cumming on your baby mamas face, 
 The shit's easy I put on some Drake 
 We drank Yellow Tail Chardonnay and that was all it takes, 
 I'm taking over so wake up and smell the coffee cakes, 
 These other guys are fake they talk a lot but wouldn't squash a grape 
 Don't discombobulate them with me we are not the same, 
 Get out my lane, put on your breaks, and taste the marmalade 
 The fact I'm winning got you jelly, 
 Your hype is dying down now your record isn't selling, 
 Your pride got you too competitive and scared of failing, 
 You chilling in the club and they like Rittz is in the building and it's killing you 
 Any who, I be in a kiddie pool with liquor 
 And some hoes these other rapper's are miniscule 
 Anybody that's coming at me can get it too, 
 Take it too far and end up kissing my tennis shoe 
 Now let me see your titties boo, 
 'Cause all I see is pics of your kids on the internet no body wanna see them, 
 We can be friends, we can pretend that it's cheese dip on your face 
 When we know it's really semen 
 Let your knees bend and show the homies the bulls eye, 
 Move ya booty like you was trying to hula hoop 
 My God, now suck it like you was bout to use a hoover vacuum 
 That dude is stupid in the booth I 
 K.I.L.L. people say I'm crazy maybe so I need to go and take a P.I.L.L. 
 They should lock me up and throw away the key and put me in a C.E.L.L. 
 They say they don't like the way I'm spitting fuck 'em they can go to H.E.L.L. 
 For R.E.A.L. let's go! 
 We drinking like Hank Williams and smoking like Willie Nelson, 
 You betta try to hire Van Helsing 
 Or a monster killa homie cause no one can help them 
 Jealous of me 'cause I make the shit that nobody else can 
 I'm the long haired red-headed rapper that be showing out 
 On every single record other rappers bout to blow 'em out 
 The water it's a slaughter why you talking shit you motor mouth 
 These motherfuckers adding up to no amount they know I'm bout to 
 K.I.L.L. people say I'm crazy maybe so I need to go and take a P.I.L.L. 
 They should lock me up and throw away the key and put me in a C.E.L.L. 
 They say they don't like the way I'm spitting fuck 'em they can go to H.E.L.L. 
 For R.E.A.L. let's go