Yeah... yeah... this PT... nigga... representin my DJ SQUEAKY!(SQUEAKY!)... nigga... 
 Background: 
 I'm'a dedicate this song to the gone 
 All my niggas that left ya live on 
 I'm'a dedicate this song to the gone 
 I'm'a dedicate this song to the gone 
 Foreground: 
 We live forever baby... (put ya lighters up) 
 Y'all will never die baby... 
 You live forever baby... (put ya lighters up) 
 You live through me... 
 Yeah... Yeah... [random yeah's throughout the next part] 
 What's up John Reed? Uncle Sweet... Uncle Randy (What's up sweet? I see you baby!) Gangstas nigga! Randy Van Troy! Rest in peace gangsta! Yeah! We love you gangsta! Rest in peace gangsta! I know y'all niggas lookin' down on me! 
 I'm'a dedicate this song to the gone 
 All my niggas that left ya live on 
 Now Everybody! I need to put ya lighters up! 
 WeLL UH HUH! I need to put ya lighters up! 
 I done lost a lieutenant, a mother lost her son 
 A brother lost a brother, and that's not including others 
 That you touch through your personality 
 And since I lost you the devil breathin'[?] after me 
 But I'm'a prevail from ATL 
 And know that I'm missin' you like hell (like hell) 
 I'm talkin' 'bout a hood tragedy nigga 
 And everybody always askin me nigga 
 I love this nigga, we ate together 
 The same fork off the same plate together 
 I wish I would've been there when they came 
 I would've left 'em in a flame 
 But I'm'a see him at the crossroads 
 I got some blunts and some liquor 
 Sack of Timmy D and some bitches I'm'a picture (or pitcher I'm not sure) 
 I'm'a see him at the crossroads 
 'Cause that's my mothafuckin' nigga 
 So he won't be lonely (lonely) 
 Hit the club, hoes askin' where you at 
 "Chillin' with the father" I reply back 
 Sack after sack after sack after sack 
 They ain't even have to do ya like that 
 But niggas full of shit so I don't fuck wit 'em 
 Niggas lookin' crazy, I get right with 'em 
 They killed my dog, They killed my ace 
 Forever I miss ya, Ya can't be replaced 
 I wish I would've been there when they jacked 
 I'd blew 'em out the door with that mothafuckin' mack [imitating gunshots vocally] 
 I'd walk blackbottom for my mothafuckin' dogs 
 Look him in his eyes, leave him in the fog 
 I love ya unc, I miss ya man 
 And I can't wait to grab ya hand 
 And pull ya close and embrace ya with the other 
 Man you my mothafuckin' brother 
 But I'm'a see him at the crossroads 
 I got some blunts and some liquor 
 Sack of Timmy D and some bitches I'm'a picture 
 I'm'a see him at the crossroads 
 'Cause that's my mothafuckin' nigga 
 So he won't be lonely (lonely) 
 Yeah (yeah)