Raise Me a soldier 
 Artist:PASTOR TROY 
 CD:universial soldier 
 Song Title:Raise me a soldier Track #10 
 Talking before the Song: 
 I Can't wait to have a son, Lil PT Nigga, Lil Pastor Troy 
 (It's gonna be real) 
 ... 
 Anybnody can be a daddy, it take a real man to be a father, (this dedicated to all them niggaz takin' care of they responsibility its on... keep it real). 
 I think back home how I was raised, and how it is now, and I'm Half the man. 
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 Man I'm played the fuck out, 
 And I can't do nothin' 'bout it 
 My pop pushed me when I pouted, 
 Then he grabbed me and shouted 
 Nigga thugz make this earth revolve, 
 All the simple shit that these mothafukaz can't solve... we forgotten 
 Now I ain't gon' spoil you rotten, you's a punk if you's a nigga 
 While punks pull pranks us real niggaz pull triggers 
 And I figure that like father, like son... fuk the pack man, lets buy the 50 pack and a gun 
 Don't mean to take away yo fun, what's mo fun than money 
 And even when you move a-tons pay yo tides on Sunday 
 Lets understand that the big man is Jesus Christ 
 Give him repect and them devils can't fuck wit yo life 
 'Cause they'll entice you wit anything, bitches and broads wit bright ideas 
 Nigga... close yo ears or yo money disappear, took me years fo I'd seen the light 
 And I'ma tell my son his great-father was right, like my father sat me down now sit down my boy 
 And make him understand what it means to be a Troy 
 And let the burdains I experienced make him laugh 
 But at the same time, let my baby clear his path 
 And all the math that them crakaz gonna teach in school, I teach him home 
 Teach him shit he would have neva know, 
 I teach him how to clip the dope and how to chop his rocks 
 I do it all for tha ship off tha old block... cause dats my blood 
 I'ma raise me a soldier, a soldier. I'ma raise me a soldier... a soldier, put my faith in Jahovah... Jahovah, teach me how to raise my soldier, my soldier! 
 My son, the one that's gon' take over the throne, and he'll me atone 
 When them bustaz doin' wrong, its bound to happen 
 And I can see him laughing at trials and tribulations 
 Holla'in at the hoes help them wit they situations 
 Manipulation..? come on he'll be like me 
 And when niggaz knock his shit, he gon' tell 'em wit the quick 
 There's a million ways to get to the top of the mountain 
 But the view is all the same, so fuck it I'ma a slang 
 He gone understand the his name the game bendin all the rules 
 So prove the move you make, cause nigga dats yo fate 
 Gon' take a few mistakes but as long as he learn 
 Even the bird didn't know, just go get the worm 
 And he gonna earn mo blessings, his blessings teach his son, 
 His son gonna teach his boy, and reunions we'll enjoy 
 The visions of a Troy President of this nation 
 Brings a tear to my eye... What thugz ain't 'pose to cry? 
 I rely on my intuition, and my position, God gon' bring me to a strong position 
 Now would y'all listen, that the cristian and I cry for days, another child. 
 To raise him to the worldly ways... dats my blood 
 I'ma raise me a soldier, a soldier. I'ma raise me a soldier... a soldier, put my faith in Jahovah... Jahovah, teach me how to raise my soldier, my soldier!