(Pastor Troy - talking) 
 (Peter The Disciple - talking): 
 Yeah (yeah) 
 This song is called "Goddamn Vica Versa" 
 (I'm doin' my best to save my people) 
 It's like, (The people & I will rely in God) 
 Picture everything that you thought was good, was really bad 
 Everything bad, was really good 
 (What if Heaven was on Earth nigga?) 
 The whole world, vica versa 
 (Good is bad) 
 Vica versa (Bad is good) 
 (Dear Lord am I the only one?) 
 This shit here, Goddamn, gon' (Vica versa) 
 Go'n get you a motherfucking fatass blunt of that 'dro 
 Smoke that shit 
 (It's all vica versa) 
 Look up in the air nigga 
 (We rich, nigga!) 
 (This is what we doin', it's vica versa) 
 I know all these real niggas gone feel this shit 
 Vica Versa, Pastor Troy 
 (Vica Versa) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
 What if Heaven was Hell and vica versa? (Yeah) 
 What if I told you "Go to Hell" --- wouldn't you tell I cursed ya? (Yeah) 
 I reimbursed ya with the truth so you know my fate (Yeah) 
 They pray I die, I'm that nigga that they love to hate (Yeah) 
 I wanna make you use yo mind 
 God has sent a sign (Yeah) 
 And when you listen to these rhymes, nigga, take your time (Yeah) 
 Again I ask, Heaven was hell and vica versa (Yeah) 
 Would you start doin' evil in order to nurture (Yeah) the spirit man? 
 Do you understand that there's a war? (Yeah) 
 It's ragin' on and the devil got some ammo too (Yeah) 
 Don't get me wrong, but I put my trust off in the Lord (Yeah) 
 It's too corrupt 
 Know that God gon' help me blow 'em up (Yeah) 
 I give a fuck 
 Heaven was hell and vica versa (Yeah) 
 I have no fear 
 I done witnessed too much Hell right here (Yeah) 
 Lend me your ear 
 Recall the beer we had to pour (Yeah) 
 For all our niggaz hit the Devil with the .44 (Yeah) 
 Payback nigga! 
 My liquor keep my from tryin' to enter (Yeah), battle alone 
 And to deal with all this wickedness (Yeah), I smoke a zone 
 Know I'm grown, but I'm still a baby (Yeah) 
 It's vica versa, so I guess I'll beg Satan to save me (Yeah) 
 God I'm confused 
 The fuse of all these motherfuckers (Yeah) 
 Makin' me sick 
 (*Virgin Mary ain't no FUCKED*) nobody (Yeah) 
 But she (*sucked dick*) 
 With a clique of nasty concubines (Yeah) 
 It's vica versa, so she'll probably do the whole nine (Yeah) 
 That nasty ho! 
 I don't know where I'ma go this Christmas (Yeah) 
 It's Satan's birth 
 I'ma try to smoke a pound of weed (Yeah) 
 And ease the hurt 
 While Jesus equipped with angels, the Devil's equipped with Glocks (Yeah) 
 For God so love the world that he blessed the thug with rocks (Yeah) 
 Won't stop until they feel me 
 "Protect me Devil, I think the Lord is tryin' to kill me" 
 It's vica versa 
 Heaven is below, while this dro just keeps me high 
 See the Lord Almighty, nigga, I'm ready to die 
 My reply for any questions asked? 
 "The Devil made me do it" 
 Who's the Devil may I ask? 
 It's so polluted 
 Up-rooted from all this stupid shit 
 See me cremated, my adaption to the climate 
 So glad I made it 
 Elated that they gon' go to Heaven 
 But do they know Heaven may not be the place to go? 
 Again I ask, Heaven was Hell and vica versa 
 The devil's in me and I'll be damned if I'm gon' let God hurt ya 
 Follow me... 
 (Peter the Disciple) 
 If it was vica versa, I'd be and angel, 'cause I'm a devil 
 A Down South Georgia Rebel, a whole 'nother fuckin' level 
 Reminiscin' on all the good and the bad that I did 
 Bustin' caps and splittin' wigs 
 And servin' nicks and talkin' shit 
 This is vica versa no fuckin' commercial 
 Heaven or Hell, where do we go 
 When we die: eternal fire or the street of gold? 
 Only God knows, vica versa