Say I'm fucked up, 
 Well, you just might be fucked up too 
 I might be fucked up 
 Well baby girl, how about you? 
 You used to be my nigga 
 You used to be that cool bitch 
 You used to smoke wit' a nigga 
 But now you on that bullshit 
 You used to sex me crazy 
 You used to call me baby 
 Now all you do it nag me like a 5 year old from the backseat 
 You used to be so confident 
 But all that shit came and went 
 Used to be anti-internet 
 But now you constantly blogging and shit! 
 You used to strip for a nigga 
 Now you ain't got nothing but lip for a nigga 
 Halfway decent for me, but you dress up for your girlfriends? 
 Listening to what they say god your ass without a husband 
 Put you in a Benz, you did everything to get me 
 Ain't did nothing since but keep talking about what it should be 
 Car note, daycare, paid all the fucking rent 
 Know you wanna run the world 
 But first, try running this 
 But y'all don't hear me, oh, oh, oh 
 Stop fucking with me, woman 
 Stop fucking with me, woman 
 Stop fucking with me, woman 
 Stop fucking with me if you ain't fucking with me 
 You used to be so sweet 
 But now you act bitter 
 And just so I don't hear that shit, I drown my liver in this liquor 
 You used to be like this man 
 You used to be my best friend 
 Now all you do is judge me 
 And scream out fuck me, but don't fuck me 
 Oh, hell to the no! 
 Now I'm all up in the clubs 
 Now I'm all up in the mall 
 Now you in my cell phone screaming "who's this bitch?" 
 She's just a friend, yeah that's it 
 And now you wanna trip, ain't that some shit? 
 Yesterday you didn't give a fuck, now you asking where I been 
 And you hating on every girl that walk by 
 Talking about "where she think she going in that outfit?" 
 She don't even love me, she loves the competition 
 Every man out there: I hope you're listening 
 Can I be honest? 
 Can I be muthafucking honest? 
 Stop fucking with me, woman 
 Stop fucking with me, woman 
 Stop fucking with me, woman 
 Stop fucking with me if you ain't fucking with me 
 There's nothing at home, so I'm searching for love 
 Tried to get through, but you don't give a fuck 
 She can't love me, when she don't love herself 
 Feels like I'm sleepin' with somebody else 
 Now I'm seeing somebody else 
 Now I'm touching somebody else 
 Now I'm fucking somebody else 
 But go ahead and blame me if it helps... 
 I'm just being honest 
 I know, I know, I know, I know sometimes I'm wrong 
 But am I really the only one 
 Real women know that I'm talking real shit 
 And you fake bitches, I'm sure your sittin' around all pissed 
 All my real niggas know that I'm talking real shit 
 And fake niggas can take notes, or find rope and choke, nigga 
 Yeah, honest-y