Hello [x7] 
 Hello, is there anybody up here? 
 (Hello) Welcome 2085! 
 Twenty Eighty-five it is (just me up here I guess) 
 (Oh! [x2]) The magic of the moon done snuck up on me 
 And caught me by surprise (Oh! [x3]) 
 Roamin and I'm lonely man I'm longin 
 For that somethin' in your eyes (Oh! [x3]) 
 And I know it's not just the song 
 (And I know it's not just the song) 
 And I know it's not just the drink 
 (And I know it's not the drink) 
 But whatever it might be (Whatever it might be) 
 Just keep holdin' on to me 
 (Ooh!) 'Cause I'll pull down a cloud for you 
 I'll circle the stars and bring you one back 
 I'll walk through the sun for you 
 Cause there's somethin' you do 
 That got me walkin' on the moon 
 (Uh) There's something you do 
 That got me walkin' on the moon 
 (Uh) And I know that it's true baby 
 You got me walkin' on the moon 
 Girl don't keep me waitin, I'm impatient 
 Hit my runway, and let's take off and fly 
 Now I'm where I wanna be, come co-pilot with me 
 Let's burn up the sky (Ooh) 
 And I know it's not just the song 
 (And I know it's not just the song) 
 And I know it's not just the drink 
 (And I know it's not the drink) 
 But whatever it might be (Whatever it might be) 
 Just keep holdin' on to me 
 (Ooh!) 'Cause I'll pull down a cloud for you 
 (Pull a cloud for you) 
 I'll circle the stars and bring you one back 
 I'll walk through the sun for you 
 Cause there's somethin' you do 
 (There's something you do) 
 That got me walkin' on the moon 
 (Uh) There's something you do 
 That got me walkin' on the moon (Oh!) (UHH! [x2]) 
 And I know that it's true 
 Baby, you got me walkin' on the moon 
 Everyone out there will know that you are my girl 
 And my love will go in circles around the world 
 (Ay, ay dream I'm too good at this) 
 No matter what I do 
 Uh, uh, uh, I can't contain it 
 No, no, no I can't restrain it 
 There's a lot of stars in here ain't it 
 But you shine so much they don't seem famous 
 Where'd you come from on this lonely night? 
 I swear god musta made lightnin strike 
 And I bottled it up, we hit the red carpet and modeled it up 
 We hopped in the rari and Pradaed it up 
 Now everybody clappin, they bravoed it up 
 All just because it's more than a buzz 
 More than a drink, but I took a few sips 
 And let it do what it does, now drunk textin 
 Like it's all about you, like I can't spend 
 Another minute without you 
 You know the drinks let you say things 
 You ain't allowed to, things interfere 
 But you're way to proud to say out loud 
 Cause niggaz gonna clown you, put your black baby down 
 People is around you, I'll put my mag baby down 
 I ain't tryin' to hound you, just tryin' to take you 
 Where the stars gonna surround you 
 And Uhmm, maybe ice down you, 
 And Uhmm, maybe wipe down you 
 And Uhmm, maybe we should talk about all this 
 After I pound you, you know I'm just playin' with you, 
 I know a lot of people mad 'cause they ain't with you 
 Wait is it because we on the moon, 
 Tell 'em say that hey well be home soon 
 (Uh were walkin' on the moon) 
 Uh, there's something you do, 
 That got me walkin' on the moon 
 Uh, and I know that it's true, 
 Baby, you got me walkin' on the moon 
 Everyone out there will know that you are my girl.