(Daddy-O) 
 I'm comin' with the bomb, so watch me begin to explode 
 And unload - like the Grand Funk Railroad 
 Non-stop, like a Vette with a soft top 
 It's ninety-three and I'm comin' for my props 
 And what better way than to bounce? 
 So you can get paid by the pound; and more for the funkin ounce 
 It's the Brooklyn sway 
 And as I let the music play I wouldn't have it any other way 
 And if it sounds like somethin' you heard before 
 It's all the more reason to get on the dance floor 
 And rock with the play by play I announce 
 Of the Brooklyn Bounce 
 (Chorus: samples) 
 "This is the way.." "Brooklyn Bounce!" 
 [Vocoder] Brooklyn Bounce 
 [Daddy-O] C'mon! This is the way, "Brooklyn Bounce!" 
 [Vocoder] Brooklyn Bowwwouuunce 
 "This is the way.." "Brooklyn Bounce!" 
 [Vocoder] Brooklyn Bounce! 
 [Daddy-O] C'mon! This is the way, "Brooklyn Bounce!" 
 [Vocoder] Brooklyn Bowwwouuuouuunce 
 (Daddy-O) 
 I confess, to bein strung out on the funk 
 Steamin up my trunk like a tank full of skunk 
 Blowin' down doors like a big bad wolf 
 And like a magician says POOF! 
 You see me dissapearin deep in the bush 
 Crushin all cave-men; without an Operation PUSH 
 But with the skills that the people call mad fat 
 As I stalk like a saber-tooth cat 
 With the sway, that makes you say, 
 "Hey - Daddy-O's out of school today" 
 And yeah I'm comin' out to play 
 With them hydrogen bombs and shit 
 Ignitin MC's like the World Trade got hit 
 And if it sounds like somethin' you heard before 
 It's all the more reason to get on the dance floor 
 And rock with the play by play I announce 
 Of the Brooklyn Bounce 
 (Chorus: minor variations) 
 (Daddy-O) 
 And I remember fightin fair with your fists in a fight 
 But now I got a mac-one-one in the case with my mic 
 'Cause it's best to be safe than sorry kid 
 Forget the funeral, I'll take the murder bid 
 And make beats from inside like Slick Rick 
 Might even do a duet, now that's some other shit 
 But I gotta keep bouncin', that's my style 
 So the Brooklyn crew can get buckwild 
 And start treadin the party and lookin' for vic's 
 We see a lot of 'em - so who is gonna be my pick? 
 Tight red dress, or will I make it tight black 
 Have I seen you before - I say with no slack 
 And if it sounds like somethin' she heard before 
 It's all the more reason to get on the dance floor 
 And rock with the play by play I announce 
 Of the Brooklyn Bounce 
 Chorus x2: w/o Daddy-O] 
 "Go... Brook-lyn!" [x16]