[1: Das EFX] "My style is fat, so I swung it, blunted 
 The riggedy ruffneck Brooklyn nigga brung it" 
 (1 x4) 
 (Daddy-O) 
 Yo Rick, bring yo' ass home... 
 The sounds of my voice make the honies wanna flip 
 And the flow of my phrase make you have no choice to get wit 
 There used to be a Stetsa, comin' out to get ya 
 So beware; takin' it to your punk-ass like (UHH UHH) 
 Take two to the gut 
 I come to kick a scrumpdelicious bone out your butt 
 You're funkin with the O-Dad; and yo, guess what 
 I got a RHYME and I'm puttin' it where the monkey put his nuts 
 RAGGIN on you wannabe-a-screamer MC's 
 And all you Diggity Das triple-toungin wannabe's 
 Who just don't have the fat flavor for the FUNK 
 And just in what I heard - you lack the spunk 
 And you lack the style, and you lack the poise 
 And all you MC's sound like little boys 
 Actin' like hardrocks, STARIN' in my face 
 Back up off me 'fore I put you in your place! 
 I'm the same brother that likes +Sally Walk+ and I'ma 
 "Bad motherfucker from East New York" 
 You see me callin them SHOTS like I'm Jimmy the GREEK 
 And when you see me on the STREET I make a HEART skip a beat! 
 [2: Das EFX] "My style is fat, so I swung it, blunted" 
 (2 x2 + 1 x1) 
 (2 x2 + 1 x1) 
 (Daddy-O) 
 Ride along with the wave cause my tides never end 
 Dippin through curves as I come around the bend 
 Feedin you the floor, without Johnny Gill 
 And get you all messy like your drink when it spill 
 I got that nat-urally legitimate dope 
 Being slung by the (??) coast to coast 
 And it's so cold, I'm callin it wintery 
 If you don't understand you must be thinkin' elementary... 
 Badder than this it don't come 
 And you get strung from my ability to blast like a gun 
 So what's for dinner hon? 
 Beats breaks and funk-fritters; punches and hard-hitters 
 But you don't wanna go that way 
 So my advice to you, is that you pu-puh-PARLAY 
 And bring it on back to the street 
 Turntables microphone and dope... beats 
 Cause it ain't no secret to it black 
 And the only rule is don't be wack 
 And you best stay out of my path 
 Or I'ma haveta put this SIZE NINE IN YO' ASS 
 So I'm keepin' it - ON AND ON AND ON 
 And you know why you're movin UP 'cause it's a rap song 
 My years in the game equal about eleven 
 And when I die, I'M GOIN' STRAIGHT TO HIP-HOP HEAVEN 
 With MC Trouble and Cowboy rockin' the mic 
 And (??) playin' the drums so the beats are tight 
 Cuts courtesy of Subroc and Scott LaRock 
 Peace to Trouble T-Roy, YA DON'T STOP! 
 (2 x2 + 1 x1) 
 (2 x2 + 1 x1) 
 (1 x4) 
 (Daddy-O) 
 So now you think you know me; and maybe you remember 
 I was in a group and we had six members 
 We freaked (fake??), and saw +Sally Walkin+ 
 Spoke with +Susie+ and had the +Jazz Talkin+ 
 But now it's kinda different, rap is gettin' TRICKY 
 Gettin' all commercial like watchin Mork and MINDY 
 Niggaz writin rhymes - thinkin' of the video 
 But even a good video don't make a good song do it? (NO!) 
 So back to the FOOD on my plate 
 I'm comin' at you non-stop and there's no escape 
 So whether I'm schoolin neighborhoods on how to speak and act 
 Or coolin with my homeboys, smokin' chunky black 
 I give a little HEART-BEAT HEART-BEAT PUMP 
 And watch the whole dance floor SHAKE THAT RUMP 
 To the sounds of the O-Dad ridin' the funk 
 And it sho' sound good COMIN' OUT YO' TRUNK 
 Watch me as I pump like a fist in a fight 
 And get you all strung like a FIEND on a crackpipe 
 With the sureshot, not that BULL-SHIT 
 Cause the Daddy-O sound is legit - BEEEEOTCH! 
 (2 x2 + 1 x1) 
 (2 x2 + 1 x1) 
 (Daddy-O) 
 Yo I'd like to give a big up to Run-D.M.C. 
 The Unknown Ruffnecks... and DJ Kiil