I know, my cousin Stanaman, he's told me a couple stories about you 
 I'm not gonna lie-I'm not gonna lie, I'm getting mad right now, what's he talking about? Like banging in cells and that, what you talking about? 
 Come on, man, this is just lyrics, blud, Ghetto, this is just lyrics, blud, all about lyrics, blud, all about lyrics, I know, Ghetto, I know, come on 
 Easy, easy, aight, easy, easy 
 Talking that talk, I was a fucking bad boy in jail! A fucking bad boy, you fucking pussy 
 Is man mad though? 
 Ask Stanaman, I was a fucking bad boy 
 Is man mad though? 
 Ah, man, do your research 
 Oi, where's Carlos, where's Carlos? 
 Ask him how man was in jail about 
 Fucking truth, stick to the truth 
 Stick to the fucking truth 
 Yo, yo, them man are selective bad boys 
 Some "we just wanna be accepted" bad boys 
 Some big whips but no electric bad boys 
 Think they're bad 'cause of Narcos, they're some Netflix bad boys 
 I know real shower man, you know reckless bad boys 
 You know them protein shake in their breakfast bad boys 
 Them man are some "Bro, could you get me on the guest list?" bad boys 
 And then they wanna get up in the club and start flexing bad boys 
 Give me the crown, man, I want that 
 Red Bull with the cognac 
 I tried to share my throne with 'em 
 But I can see you ain't on that 
 I'm on arms, on combat 
 No trace, no contact 
 Bro bought a new mash, I don't know where that gun there's cool but it's long akh 
 Bad boy who? You are not part of a bad boy crew 
 Me and Flipz roll up, tell a man hold up 
 Looking like something off of Bad Boys 2 
 Bad boy Gs in a bad boy shoot (Shoot) 
 You are not a bad boy, move 
 Shut down shows and the mandem go nuts 
 All the bad chicks make mad noise too 
 Look fuckboy, what you gonna say? What you gonna do, run? 
 Ah yeah right, you ain't gonna do none 
 Bad boy life ain't all that you hoped for 
 Should've done book but you went and done guns 
 Charge three for a Z, that's banter 
 Black whip, all black swag like a panther 
 Heard through the vine that Stormz' ain't a bad boy 
 But I take care of my fam, I'm a gangster 
 Yeah that's right, just a young boy in the hood 
 Fast forward, now I'm Big Mike, still away from the hype 
 Niggas weren't bad back then, nah it's cons man, I swear on my life 
 Put faith in my knife 
 Wrong move had me on edge on the back-road, paying for my stripes 
 So fuck these niggas, all these little gun drillers wanna come and try do me like Trife 
 You're not bad, I'm bad, ask Carlos 
 How they gonna harm us? 
 Came wearing a flat-cap, looking like somebody's father 
 I brought the bad man here, I brought the bad man here 
 You're a bad man how? Bad man where? 
 Apart from you, there's bad man here 
 You're not bad, I'm bad, ask Carlos 
 How they gonna harm us? 
 Came wearing a flat-cap, looking like somebody's father 
 I brought the bad man here, I brought the bad man here 
 You're a bad man how? Bad man where? 
 Apart from you, there's bad man here 
 Yeah, I'm fully on with your half on 
 I've done dirt, no mask on 
 Eighteen when I told man "Ask Carlos" 
 Now they ask how much man's car cost 
 Drive-by ting 
 Aim for your head and convert 'em with your hard-top 
 Your leg's sick, your heart stops 
 That's a M case, nah dog 
 Not me 
 Not there, not G 
 I put bread on my beef like Soulja 
 You've got rice, I've got keys, I told you already 
 My nigga I don't know you from any 
 Where, big spare that'll go through your belly 
 There, payback but you don't owe me a penny, yeah 
 Fuck that, fist fight, fair and square 
 Na fuck that, flick-knife, rer and ter 
 Na fuck that, this guy's wearing his share 
 Might come back, midnight, air an affair 
 Deal with the matter like Skibba 
 How's he gonna feel when I'm shattering his liver? 
 Blud I feel for a man up in the river 
 Fourteen, holding my shank in the mirror 
 Like I dare anyone 
 Playground looking like a (?) anthem, where's everyone? 
 I ain't scared of you but I'm scared of your gun (I am) 
 Frightening, that's when I got my ting 
 It was all calm before Stormzy, now it's lightning 
 You're not bad, I'm bad, ask Carlos 
 How they gonna harm us? 
 Came wearing a flat-cap, looking like somebody's father 
 I brought the bad man here, I brought the bad man here 
 You're a bad man how? Bad man where? 
 Apart from you, there's bad man here 
 You're not bad, I'm bad, ask Carlos 
 How they gonna harm us? 
 Came wearing a flat-cap, looking like somebody's father 
 I brought the bad man here, I brought the bad man here 
 You're a bad man how? Bad man where? 
 Apart from you, there's bad man here