Okay 
 Coldest nigga alive, I'm so cold 
 You niggas get on my nerves, you're so old 
 Easy, yeah, alright 
 I baited my whip in the vid like a prick 
 Now I'm carless (Cold) 
 Now it's a Uber ting, I've still got this regardless (Cold) 
 Who? What? Them man there? 
 Nah, them man are harmless (Cold) 
 I just went to the park with my friends and I charted (Wow) 
 I have never been a victim, never been a target (Cold) 
 The girls love this shit, yeah, they love it like Barfest (Cold) 
 #Merky the label and I'm coming like Darcus (Cold) 
 I was on the roads when Giggs made "Talkin' Da Hardest" (Wow) 
 Look, rudeboy, done him on sight 
 One time, check two, bun him on sight 
 Niggas ain't brave I can't see it on your face 
 Let me tell you 'bout the days I was running on a hype like 
 Who are you? Where you been? Where your snow line? 
 Where your stacks? Where your strap? Where your crow line? 
 Big pump, don't stunt when it's showtime 
 Kinda funny how I didn't need a cosign 
 Shut your mouth, you ain't squeezing (aye) 
 Pussy boy, I just leave him (aye) 
 I've been cold the whole season aye) 
 I should call my next one "Freezing" 
 Touch the mic, then just wheel 'em 
 You man have got too much feelings 
 Late night, I'm at Neasden 
 Filet-o-Fish and I'm breezing (skrrrrrrt) 
 Ain't dropped nothin' for a minute, I'm fine (Cold) 
 Roll to the booth, then I bill it with rhymes (Cold) 
 Know a couple OGs that are living off crime (Cold) 
 But a young black boy made a milli' off grime (Wow) 
 So tell Boris Johnson "suck your mum, we don't care" (we don't care, bruv) 
 And tell them riot feds "oi, buss your gun? You won't dare (you won't dare bruv) 
 All my young black kings rise up, man, this is our year 
 And my young black queens right there 
 It's been a long time coming, I swear 
 If you don't turn this up, it's no fun 
 You ain't heard of us? You're so dumb 
 Can't be scared of pussyole youts 
 You can have your burner tucked, I won't run 
 You can have all the hype I won't dust 
 You can send all you like, you won't buss 
 Man can't bluff me out, I call bluffs 
 Them boys get fucked about and call us 
 Crikey 
 "Oh my god, it's big Mikey!" 
 Cut the whip, it's so pricey 
 I should call my next one "Icy" 
 Touch the mic and get lively 
 Don't draw me out, I asked nicely 
 Do the road and do wifey 
 I wonder why they don't like me 
 Cah' I'm... cold 
 Cold 
 Cold 
 Ride out everything's cold as a cold, cold summer 
 Cold, everything's cold 
 #Merky 20-sh. 
 I've been cold the season 
 I should call my next one "Freezing" 
 I've been cold the season 
 I should call my next one "Freezing" 
 I've been cold the season 
 I should call my next one "Freezing" 
 I've been cold the season 
 I should call my next one- easy