Uh-huh 
 Oh hey, oh hey I didn't see you there... 
 Welcome to sunny Wells Maine, pass me the blunt 
 Back when I was sippin' sunny d watchin' harry and Hendersons 
 Osh Kosh jeans and the Dimetapp Medicine 
 Life was good and oh so simple 
 No girls, no weed, no police, no pimples. 
 And now its red stripe till I can't stand up 
 I don't bluff, I'm in Maine like horse dandruff. 
 I could burn my mouth and still not suck 
 With the bank account negative a million bucks. 
 And even when I'm drunk I spit resilient stuff 
 And I dated Kennebunker who gives brilliant fucks 
 Similarly early life made me and such 
 And yo what I've been bonkers since tonka trucks. 
 Is he spizzy, is he nuts, the locals are unsure 
 No fur, just ash stains on the sweatshirt 
 Who besides Spose with a flow so pure 
 Before the red sox reversed the curse in '04 
 Baby fuck it, if you're with me, boy you just got meds for your STD, say Fuck it, one life to live and one million more nose rips to give, say fuck, if you ain't got paid or your ain't got laid in 100 days say fuck it, 
 Spizzy Spose, ya damn right, I keep it bimpin'. 
 White dude nikes, suburban living where the blunts half pipes be, quite abundant 
 Night life unlively 
 Glove compartment got Febreeze and Visine 
 VCR TV combo not widescreen 
 And mike V. hustles trees onivy league. 
 Twelve year olds fake id's 
 Rich dads keep their yards tidy 
 All right we got wealt disproportionate 
 Teen suicide, no need for Kevorkian 
 Dope people mixed with should-have-been-abortion kids 
 Wells maine, from the casket to the orphanage 
 And back again 
 I'm from the place where the wives scream 
 Redneck fists aren't soft like ice cream 
 Police lights shine bright white every night like Jesus Christ light beams 
 And the radio sucks so, turn up the outcast! 
 Fuck it, if you're with me, boy you just got meds for your STD, say Fuck it, one life to live and one million more nose rips to give, say fuck, if you ain't got paid or your ain't got laid in 100 days say fuck it, 
 Spizzy spose, ya damn right, I keep it bimpin'. 
 And I been dope with these rants 
 Since everybody rocked JNCO pants 
 Justin Jay-z and Lance rocked every high school dance 
 While my mom was in the basement 
 Watering plants with Xenon lights 
 Rural life ain't polite 
 Welcome to the jungle stash the weed by the grundle 
 My buddy mumbled that the cop probably knows his uncle 
 Getting dropped like a fumble I said "that shit's bimpin" 
 5'8", eyes dilate when I'm baked. 
 Guidos in tuxedos buy stakes at high rates. 
 For Christ's sake, American parents are irate, 
 'Cause they all see their daughters gyrate on myspace 
 I'm on the couch passed out being an ass clown 
 But they say "that spose kid is dope with his mouth" 
 In fact the illest illuster since social studies syllubus before islamic militants were killin' us 
 Fuck it, if you're with me, boy you just got meds for your STD, say Fuck it, one life to live and one million more nose rips to give, say fuck, if you ain't got paid or your ain't got laid in 100 days say fuck it, 
 Spizzy Spose, ya damn right, I keep it bimpin'. 
 Can't afford a hat I wear a bucket. 
 Kicked out my mom's house, fuck it. 
 On the mic I used to suckin, reluctant 
 But not no more 
 Fucked alot of girls but not no whores 
 Freestyle, used to kick it at four 
 I can kick it up in my mom's house or at my dads 
 I got a bad mouth, uh, 
 From the Wells, Maine area 
 Sick of the malaria 
 Cause mass hysteria in your area 
 "Fuck it" comin' out your stereo when you're bumpin, I mean something... like that... bimpin