I'm from a spot where you don't have to worry about gettin' shot, much less gettin' robbed. 
 As a kid, Mo' Money, Mo' Problems was just my excuse not to get a job. 
 I never finished college, no, just a high school scholar. 
 Never been a baller, makin' blue collar dollars. 
 Holler if your not into gangs or gun busting. 
 You sell crack, I work construction. Who's hustlin'? 
 Pass the Dutch some and let me take a breathe of battle MC's, 
 Scared of me like they fakin' death. 
 Take a step back, let me kick a flow. 
 Been doin' it since 5th grade, workin' on my pick and roll. 
 I'm so real you could put me on a fishin' pole. 
 Kids biting me like they mutha fuckin' [peekaroo] 
 I got the sickest flow, until my plan fails, you can find Cam on his grind like a hand rail. 
 Stand still! 
 I got skill, tryin' to make some skrill, gotta pay my bill. 
 Stand Still! 
 Like I was robbin' a [d-bank], holdin' down the street tank, listenin' to P-Dank 
 Still! 
 I remain stayin' true, no game plan, gotta pay my dues, and STILL! 
 There ain't no doubt, man, keep shootin' for the stars, I'll be climbin' up this mountain. 
 It's been a dream of mine, I don't need a rap but to redefine on why we read these lines. 
 I'm from the, streets that be - free of crime, 
 We got at least a million mutha fuckin' trees to climb. 
 I only rap to for the peace of mind, the cheese and wine have never been my reasons why. 
 Nowadays, a rapper with some decent rhymes, ain't exactly what I consider an easy find. 
 Just because saggin' jeans is a [skeezsublime], don't make me a gangsta or a 'G' nor [dried]. 
 In fact, I'm a weed smokin', peaceful guy. 
 Doesn't mean I'm the type with a feeble spine. 
 If advice is what ya need then, hah... 
 I'll just say, "Always look back at what ya leave behind." 
 But enough with those E's and I's, 
 I'mma hit 16, drop the mic, say, "Peace! Good Night!" 
 Stand still! 
 I got skill, tryin' to make some skrill, gotta pay my bill. 
 Stand Still! 
 Like I was robbin' a [d-bank], holdin' down the street tank, listenin' to P-Dank 
 Still! 
 I remain stayin' true, no game plan, gotta pay my dues, and STILL! 
 There ain't no doubt, man, keep shootin' for the stars, I'll be climbin' up this mountain.