Talking: 
 Tell him to keep that 
 Yeah just play the track stop cuttin' it off 
 And lemme-lemme pop my shit 
 It is what it is hehe 
 Fuck is y'all niggas doing? 
 You ready bitch? 
 What up what up whatup? 
 Yo Yo Yo Yo! 
 Who want it? Who-who want it? 
 Which nigga little goon is gettin' stewed with a onion? 
 Niggas all cute till the roogs in abundance 
 And ya dude get to running with the womb in his stomach 
 Bitch nigga, bitch get ya nigga 
 All these niggas just a little food for the dinner 
 And these niggas better tuck in their little jewels when I enter 
 Cause your bitch hot nigga finna fuck up the fun 
 Don't fuck with your bitch when the rum in her punch 
 I might dance on these niggas but the gun in the butt 
 The gold Jimmy's little mirror little stun in the clutch 
 And don't slip up little nigga, 'fore the stun in your nuts 
 Yo' dude bout to fuck up your trust 
 He gonna run when I hit ya, put you under the pump 
 You gonna run with your nigga, now you closer enough 
 To shoot once in the throat leave ya both in a slump (huh) 
 Go head go head nigga pop off 
 You can get your fam and your man's and them shot off 
 I'm a get the AMS for ya and blow your top off 
 Shit funny till the gun in your face 
 You better run with your nigga, better open the safe 
 You better come up with the money better show up the weight 
 I'm gonna come with gorillas 'cause I run with the apes 
 And put shots in your butt like you wanted the cake 
 Talking: 
 Word 
 Most of y'all niggas is fucking pussies out here 
 Like I'll slap all y'all niggas in the face 
 All in the mouth and All in the shit 
 Like where y'all nigga's be comin' from? 
 Y'all niggas is not [?] 
 Ok Ok Ok Ok 
 Bitches better quit that chat 
 These bitches better hold up with the yizzap-yap 
 I grips the 5th then click-clizzack clack 
 I hate to have to blow your little wig all back 
 I mean I hate to see you with your wig off bitch 
 I see you tryna come and get on bitch 
 You gonna trip, slip, fall land and lick on dick 
 It be the same nigga bout to come and lick on this 
 Scram hit the breeze 
 You a fan bitch please 
 Don't sit up in my presence of ya lil bambin 
 Don't get it at ya residence and get it so clean 
 'Cause I'm slicker with the evidence and bitches won't speak 
 And we can freak with your man this week 
 Bad bitches, you a nickel and your pussy game weak 
 I'm fickle and my pussy named peach 
 I can disappear and let the pussy game speak 
 Let the pussy game speak 
 Nigga's know the center of the pussy stay pink 
 All these bitches better keep it going light feet 
 'Fore I reach and that thing go BRRRRRRRRRAAAAAHHHHH! 
 Talking: 
 What? 
 Hahahaha 
 Fuck outta here y'all little internet ass bitches 
 Like I really do this 
 Like nigga's is in Tokyo right now 
 Like come on y'all bitches is still on Myspace and YouTube tryna get y'all little video views up to a million 
 Like come on y'all bitches ain't fucking with me 
 Like what kind amoney is y'all bitches really even getting for shows 
 Like is y'all bitches even doing shows? 
 Like come on like. Like come on, like y'all bitches is out here tryna like fuck these little rap niggas and fuck these little basketball players and shit 
 Like I'm getting this money for real for real for real 
 Come on now 
 Shit!