Idlest Delilah 
 Darling, do ya like beige in your coffee, tea, a wild-? 
 Wild breeze on a day, a dawn 
 Oft' indeed a child, smiles at me 'cause I'm made of yarn 
 Dolly, me, am I? I'll trade a dollar for your dime! Oh, 
 Idlest Delilah 
 Trout and trees, remind me of my 
 Darling 'D the Diver,' 
 Diver D was a satyr - a 
 Father figurine, 
 I made him run away with his stale lung 
 Folly me am I? Oh, Idol-less Delilah... 
 Darling Miss Delilah 
 While you're wasting your days alone 
 All your friends are hired 
 All your friendships are fading 
 Don't try to cheat the dye 
 Don't look the other way, it could play out wrong 
 Are you suicidal? Are you in denial? 
 Idlest Delilah 
 Whilst you're 'wake hear my latest song 
 Glad to see you smile 
 Glad to see you so stable 
 What's all of these divided by the pile of peas on the nape of your...? 
 Dolly me am I? I'll trade a dollar for your dime 
 I'll take you 
 Slick snapper, soul clap on 3 
 Hi-hatter, the dip-dapper pretty pat this "p" 
 Tip-tapper the chit-chatter, ready rap AB 
 Can't deal with the bullshit 'cause the crab ain't me 
 He took you to cruise trips, put a yacht on me 
 He said, "The puss deeper than the deep blue sea" 
 Indeed, the puss deeper than the three fugees 
 Loopy!, the Lucy, said she loses no winks! 
 Stay up in ya face beverage with ya ~ baby! 
 Applauded the favorite, so clap on 3 
 They loving the mixed flavors, lift ya pink and clink! 
 They loving the mixed flavors lift ya pink and clink 
 Something to sip savor, made ya blink and think 
 Stay puffin the piff, paper-making-hits ain't cheap! 
 Yep and I flew Jamaican Jake for dick and Ki 
 They loving the mixed flavors lift ya pink and clink 
 London to main state, I'm major, Miss AB 
 They fucking with young savior, make her rich and sweet 
 Loving ya luck lady, lick ya lip and wink 
 (It's that jam g, it's just flavors- 
 Rhythm and dance beat, so what up? 
 Lit that damn green and it's blazin- 
 Bitch, I'm stance, steez in the cut 
 Upton N-Y-C is famous, London fam 
 Please throw it up 
 Little bam-bi with the latest 
 Give her that stamp, g - put it up!)