Azealia Banks: 
 First lady on the floor, move sexy in Dior 
 As we, go on and on and on from the dusk till the dawn 
 Fully vampin' on the song, it's a ball not a prom 
 Have a pour at the bar, at the promenade- yo shorty lookin' gorge 
 The allure of a star 
 They applaud and in awe... 
 The chips in her palm, what's a pigeon to a swan? 
 A queen to a pawn? 
 Luxury is on looking to explore, the Bambi on the lawn 
 Red carpet to the car, in a garment from the gods 
 I drips and Bogart - you're a target from the start 
 Assassinate the look - murdering the gown 
 Fashion-Killa, the body dipped in brown 
 Get the picture, nobody fit the crown 
 She's the winner, (in) the lobby with a smile 
 Jet black weave 'bout the length of a mile 
 Jet black feet while I clever craft styles 
 Miss I'll flip this and dip-dip twaow 
 Miss, I been this, you must've missed out 
 Dope when dressed up, ya boy strung out... 
 His Girl is pressed, now behave, calm down 
 Sip on old grapes and be laid lounge... 
 Baby you look late, come peep my now 
 Giving them good taste, the great's don't have 
 Mommy keep blaze, better get that cake 
 Shimmy it on stage, I'm giving them good face... 
 Somebody on her page, somebody is amazed... 
 It's just another day for the dame, just another day for the dame 
 I am Miss Icon and I swore, I saw... 
 A shade of green on ya and I took (I took) 
 Time to teach ya, taught an allure, allure... 
 A la-dy you wasn't before 
 Finer, free, high-modern and more (and more) 
 You favor me, now how I adore ya 
 Do you, dine or tea, Italian for two? 
 A day to be around here with you... with you 
 Theophilus London: 
 (Hey) 
 Grand champ, it's the bougie - the handsome 
 Romance in advance, hit ya boo on her Samsung 
 Beach bunnies, from Aruba to Cancun 
 Ya bitch save money just to move with the anthem 
 So prepare my niggas, gourmet grape taste, we rare my niggas 
 He where? He wear flair, beware my niggas 
 You scared, you see-through, you clear my nigga 
 You boys Scooby and Doo, I'm really groovy and frost 
 You niggas cooped in a hoop, I'm Cooley High in the Porsche 
 I put these niggas on mute, to whom it may not concern... 
 I got the bitch with the juice, you got the bitch with the germ 
 2Pac in the coup, westside with the herb 
 I got a flock of the hoots, a-list of the birds 
 White model the muse, Arizona the first 
 I took a trip from the Moon, to JFK for that work 
 Azealia Banks: 
 I am Miss Icon, I've seen you all of green, high-modern miss, I taught - I'll teach you how to allure 
 Dine or Tea, Italian miss, I oughta meet ya darling, how finer free now how I adore - ya 
 I am Miss Icon, I've seen you all of green, high-modern miss, I taught - I'll teach you how to allure 
 Dine or Tea, Italian miss, I oughta meet ya darling, how finer free now how I adore - ya 
 I am Miss Icon and I swore, I saw... 
 A shade of green on ya and I took (I took) 
 Time to teach ya, taught an allure, allure... 
 A la-dy you wasn't before 
 Finer, free, high-modern and more (and more) 
 You favor me, now how I adore ya 
 Do you, dine or tea, Italian for two? 
 A day to be around here with you... with you