Hot lava, hot lava 
 Hot high Lady Lucid, the city 
 What, what up? Rottweiler? 
 I might take ya to it, get ready 
 Friar flyer, I'm the Nostra-dyme and I say, say 
 I says how do ya? 
 I cloud all day and night, outta sight 
 I'm miss "so-high" so I wore some eye wears and tie-dye 
 All right, young blood, nice to know ya 
 Should I give my name, if I think ya knew it already... 
 What a brave design, what a time 
 Ay, Monsieur I'm so live and so world-wide 
 If that's what ya know 
 Wallace I say yo... 
 Come and talk to me... Beam me up 
 When I reach that one do ya- wild out, I suppose 
 I been hot in Europe yep 
 Tel Aviv, Istanbul, Seoul. London, Toyko 
 Dawn is Dusk to me... Believe it yep 
 When I beat that drum boy, go 
 Wallace, I say yo... Come and talk to me... 
 Beam me up 
 He said it's just me Miss Banks, a.k.a. Nestlé 
 A.k.a. best he, ever had sex he 
 Ever got licked, but he never got swallowed... 
 Bitch you know that nigga in the sugar-pop lotto! 
 He was on her Twitter, but he never got followed 
 I'ma chin-up with that win, I get the yen and pop bottles! 
 And um 
 Official with the hitter-hop, y'all know - 
 Ocie-beachie bathing with that, that top model and um... 
 He already know what it does 
 I got hair for ya nigga, keep it deep in the fuzz! 
 I chat-cheek-cheeky chickle, sip a giggly-grape 
 Yes I jiggle when I wiggle-shake it, shook up the bait 
 Best to get her mister, for ya best one do 
 The jet-setter with the pleasure and the wet pum-poom 
 The Black-Cherry on her tickle when her breast undo 
 Ya lick the left one ya gotta lick the right one too, nigga! 
 Yeah, I'm styling a starlet a scene 
 Carve a diamond tiara, pour tea 
 One time for señora cherry, oh yeah 
 Yeah, I'm lilac and laurel a tease... 
 You're a giant, I saw all your teeth 
 Rottweiler, let's barter let's see... 
 Bow-Wow yippee-yo yippee-yay 
 Poochie, you big dog, then bite for a taste! 
 Kitty in many cities, you licking for a lay 
 Claiming the big ticket then pay what you say! 
 Benji's and Euro-izzy, The Yin for the Yang 
 Touring the world Crazy Make Rottweiler gray 
 Bottles of Gold frizzy, she's frosty and chaste 
 Dead doggy-dog belongs in the Grave 
 If that's what ya know 
 Wallace I say yo... 
 Come and talk to me... Beam me up 
 When I reach that one do ya- wild out, I suppose 
 I been hot in Europe yep 
 Tel Aviv, Istanbul, Seoul. London, Toyko 
 Dawn is Dusk to me... Believe it yep 
 When I beat that drum boy, go 
 Wallace, I say yo... Come and talk to me... 
 Beam me up 
 Hot lava, hot lava 
 Hot high lady Lucid, the city 
 Rottweiler, rottweiler 
 I might take it to you get ready 
 Hot lava, hot lava 
 Hot high lady Lucid, the city 
 Rottweiler, rottweiler