Yo, Big Will in the place to be, mic check... mic check... 
 Would you love me in the shack in a shanty town 
 Would you love me if my pants was hand me downs, huh? 
 Yo, yo, 
 Often times I hear a phrase when I'm out and about 
 8 to 80, all walks of life be shouting it out 
 Usually, when its time for a encore I hear it 
 Or when I did something hot, evoking the spirit 
 It's weird, it's like a double edge sword when y'all applaud 
 It's kinda wild, a peace sign, a smile 
 How do I respond to the phrase, "I love you Will!"? 
 Kinda heavy when I hear it, I'd be like damn for real? 
 In a way it makes me wanna stay strong and moral 
 But history say I could be gone tomorrow 
 And though my future looks floral 
 I feel like I'm hoping for much pain 
 When people stop shouting my name 
 And doubting my game and liking others better than me 
 Writing letters to him instead of to me 
 A veteran 'B', I know the game, but do me this here, 
 In your heart be clear before you bless my ear 
 Come on... 
 Could you love me if I lived in a shanty town 
 Could you love me if my pants was hanging down 
 Could you love me if my wrist ain't bling 
 If I wasn't on TV & I ain't sing, huh? 
 Could you love me if my whip wasn't chrome fitted 
 Would my name be easier to forget it, huh? 
 Could you love me if wrist ain't bling 
 If I wasn't on TV & I ain't sing, huh? 
 I pray before I sit with a pen & a pad 
 A birth of a thought occurs and it calls me Dad 
 To the universe an idea released from me 
 Just a CD, nah man, a piece of me 
 What you can't see is when you be dancing 'B' 
 Is I asked you a question, that's how you answer me 
 So when you don't dance, it be like I'm choking from cancer 
 Like I wrote rancid rhymes, I can't survive 
 Sure, I rationalize like, oh, I see... 
 But if you don't like my cut, it's like you don't like me 
 Some stuff works, some works not so well 
 It's like you work so hard, still get hurt like hell 
 Yo, it could tear you apart 
 But don't let your wins go to your heard 
 Your losses go to your heart 
 And if we ever get the pleasure to meet 
 Be clever with it, measure what you yell in the street 
 Come on... 
 Whoo, would you... 
 Whoo, could you...