Yo! If you can't dance, its cool to get up now 
 Yeah see usually, y'all stand off on the side, y'know you're a little embaressed or whatever, but this one of them joints for everybody so get on up but keep it simple. slide... 
 If you can't dance then this is your jam baby. 
 Left to right all night (slide) that's all you gotta do - 
 - You can't dance then this is your jam, baby 
 Left to right all night (slide) that's all you gotta do 
 Now we all know the boy at the club, all liquored up, 
 Boy with the bub tryin' to pick 'em up, wack dancing, 
 'Wooking pa nub', shirt too bright, pants too tight 
 Boy settle down 
 Now I ain't just messing with you 
 I got better things to do 
 I'm trying to help, I got a lesson for you 
 I know you do the best you could do 
 Wanna get next to Boo, then the less you do the better 
 Cause women equate dance with sex 
 They gon' see you and be like, 'Next'! 
 But you gon' be like, 'hold up Ma' ('Next!') 
 But she gon' be like, 'uh uh, pa' ('Next!') 
 Now looka-here, rule #1, know ya name, 
 It ain't Usher, Justin, Hammer, then we can touch ya 
 Rule #2, never do a dance you can't do, why stupid? 
 You can't do it 
 So I'm up in my spot in Miami the other night, right 
 And this Dude's out on the floor OD-ing, just way 'over-dancing' 
 Y'know, so his Mommy wanna holla at me 
 She thought my name was Billy, I told her it was Willie 
 She said she watch my TV show and I was very silly 
 Told her I was from Phillie she looked at me said, 'Really?' 
 And judging from her t-shirt, I could tell that she was chilly 
 So I gave her my sweater, she said her name was Etta 
 She said she come from Cuba and she just had bought a Jetta 
 She said she was glad I met her, let's go somewhere together 
 She said she'd ride in my car 'cause she knew my car was better 
 The conversation cookin', attention getting' tookin' 
 My Spidey senses tinglin', I felt somebody lookin' 
 Now who this brotha lookin', and now he runnin', bookin' 
 I'm mad I'm like a fisherman, I almost had my hook in 
 I figured I should get up and quickly clear my head up, 
 Cause Etta got a man got me feelin' kinda set-up 
 Now Dude was really fed up and yo, he wouldn't let up 
 Homey if I hit you, you might never ever get up 
 Now he was not a dancer, plus he wasn't handsome 
 Comin' like Mel Gibson, like I had his girl for ransom 
 Pedro wanna go out side, yo amigo, tranquillo... slide 
 Now rule #3 is easy, please remember that you ain't on "Beat Street" 
 Sweet feet, you ain't tryin' to win no TV, another dude did a move 
 No need to out do it 
 Rule #4, out on the floor, don't be doing moves that don't nobody do no more 
 Draw too much attention to be adventurous on the floor 
 There's a reason that don't nobody do 'em no more, you feel me? 
 This may be hilarious, but Rule #5 is serious, it's a shame to even have 
 To discuss 
 That there's no lip biting or pelvic thrusts 
 I mean you think that move will put the sting on her, 
 You too close, tryin' to put a ring on her? 
 You don't know that girl, don't cling on her and don't put your thing on 
 Her... cool?