(This is a true story) 
 Loretta, wrote a love letter to a stranger thought that he would change her life 
 Thought she would be his wife OH Loretta 
 Never ever meant him no danger, her love for his sustained her 
 Thought that he would change her life 
 Miss Loretta, a young girl, I never really met her, 
 A fun girl, a real go-getter, I heard a gold Jetta 
 A full with books and herb or so I'm told, hooked on my every word 
 Oh so bold, a love letter cleverly worded in a jacket pocket 
 Wrapped inside a platinum locket 
 In the shape of a heart with pictures of me 
 Had it inscribed, "no us, no him then no me 
 She fell in love with the Prince of Bel-Air 
 Fantasy was to see me and to be with me there 
 So she wrote a love letter to me and then she signed it Loretta 
 Said, "I gotta go get him, Will is my Soulmate" 
 We gotta be together how could we not be together 
 But wait if I send the letter I mean how will I be sure if they give it to him 
 What if they don't give it to him, that would ruin everything 
 I gotta take it to him myself 
 She packed all that she owned into the back of her Jetta, 
 Her backpack, her cellphone & a love letter 
 Most of her stuff was done up with pictures of me on it with a phrase "It's gonna be" on it 
 Her mother begging her please come home and then Loretta resenting her 
 Leave me alone Ma! I won't leave my destiny unfulfilled 
 "You're just jealous be cause Daddy ain't as sweet as my Will",(click) 
 To the front gate at NBC, in June and July, backstage at MTV, 
 She would drive anyplace that they'd mention I'd be 
 Told herself, "strive for love and God eventually 
 He would give me to her and her to me, this was meant to be 
 14 months outside every event that I'd be at, she'd still keep missing me 
 And now she's getting high with more frequency now 
 Rage rumbling inside got to be with me now 
 Then she heard I married Jada, she took her love letter out and wrote down, 
 "PS - I hate her." 
 Kodak Center, where the Oscars is at, she's sleep getting woke up by the cops in the back 
 By a dumpster didn't even greet 'em with fear, grinning ear to ear, said "my husband meeting me here" 
 "You know him, he's nominated for his flick 'Ali' and it'll be hell to pay if you pick on me!" 
 "Don't put that stick on me!", "Hell no I'm not leaving, get your hands 
 Off me. Don't make those things click on me" 
 Kicking and screaming, "You intervening, this is fate. Mister. What you mean that I ain't?" 
 "What you mean it seems like I ain't" 
 "Ooh, you're like my Mom and our love is gonna survive y'all hate. God gon' take me to my destiny." 
 "Y'all only seeing one side of me, Will gon' see the rest of me, he gon' see the best of me." 
 'If I could only get him next to me, he gon' bring my blessings to me, I know it."