Mic check 1, 2... this is dedicated to an old friend of mine, Michelle... She a Holy Roller now, turned over a new leaf. Now everythin' old gon' burn. 
 Ms. Holy Roller, new angel, got ya Bible out shoutin' and you're ringing a bell 
 Mid-life, reborn, can't wait to tell, if I don't believe what you believe, 
 I'm going to hell... 
 I've been down with Jesus since Sunday school and Easter speeches 
 The Bible was survival, that's what my grandma would teach us 
 Since I was 5, I've been dying and trying to read it When I did I did, it redefined it 
 Now you was 34 when you found Jesus after your life fell to pieces 
 Wife two times, with two guys, now enlightened in speeches 
 Seemed to flow out your mouth with the hype of a preacher 
 Took your whole life to reach you, now I'm a trifling creature 
 Come on, if I die right this second, I reckon that God would simply check 
 Into my life and times, dissecting my rhymes, he'll see how I've been leading his troops 
 You can't do dirt your whole life then say "oops'! 
 Now where was Jesus, when you life then you was cheatin', when you was deceiving me? 
 Where was Jesus when you greedy, your lawyers was bleeding me? 
 Where was Jesus when every weekend, a new man living with you? 
 Oh, wait he was with me, trying to keep me from killing you? 
 Now, where was Jesus when you was lying and you was betraying me? 
 When I was trying to make it, you was hatin' delayin' me, huh? 
 Where was Jesus when the ice was thrilling you, 
 Oh, he was he with me trying to keep me from killing you! 
 If I ain't know Jesus, ain't no telling where I would be 
 It's been nights I felt like feces; I needed to fight to release it 
 I'm in the limelight, it's hot and the heat is ceaseless, 
 Holding my tongue while little bums cut me to pieces 
 The only reason's 'cause I studied the life of Jesus & 
 Venting with my pen, intending to write and release it 
 But when an ex-friend would slight me or slam me with venom 
 I hate it, I can't stand it, damnit, I really resent it 
 I always strive to be righteous, my version of God 
 The reason why I never write verses with curses inside 
 The reason I never purposely hurt persons, 
 I've applied many teaching of God, 
 Searching the reaches of God 
 Pondered the mysteries of why you be dissing me, 
 I adore you all I hope for you is freedom from misery 
 You made mistakes and blunders, you breaking from under 
 But yo, If I'm going to hell, it's making me wonder. 
 The greatest atrocities ever committed on this planet have been in the 
 Name of God 
 This country was founded by Puritans, for the expressed purpose of 
 Oppression-free worship 
 Your attitude is the same arrogant, fearful fundamentalism that fueled the 
 Hatred of the Crusades 
 And the attacks on 9/11. 
 If we are not allowed to worship God as groups and individuals free from 
 Persecution, in respectful 
 Tolerance, there's only one outcome...