What's the word, what's the word, what's the word? 
 You are now about to witness the strength of narcotics 
 Who's that peekin' in my screen door? 
 I got what you need, what you fiend for? 
 Who's that peekin' in my screen door? 
 I got what you need, what you fiend for? 
 Bobby Johnson ain't my OG, this ain't no movie, bro 
 Pop's was off that O.E trippin' gettin' his Tookie on 
 Thunderbird with Gold D's, a felon and parolee 
 McDonald's for the Double Cheese, pockets fit a couple C-Notes 
 Up on the screen, Dolce in the pack it up and leave 
 But we don't read those 
 'Cause the money comin' faster than your bitch, nigga 
 All my life I wanted to be a rich nigga 
 But homie let me proceed 
 Pop's was moving slow poke, that's way before the codeine 
 Just methadone and powdered H to junkies with the sour faces 
 Knocking on the screen door asking for their homie Nate 
 Ten to twenty each, 4p.m. he leave so don't be late 
 Mom up off of work asking me if anybody came 
 To kick it with my dad or was he chilling in the alleyway 
 He was in the alleyway, that's what he always had me say 
 Slangin' for them bills he had to pay somebody at the door 
 Who's that peekin' in my screen door? 
 I got what you need, what you fiend for? 
 Who's that peekin' in my screen door? 
 I got what you need, what you fiend for? 
 Pots on top of the furnace, Glocks on top of the kitchen 
 Table-tables is turning, now my father is trippin' 
 He shootin', sniffin', and sippin', pigs recruitin' them snitches 
 'Cause testimonies from homies can lead to longer convictions 
 Police knockin' at my door, pretendin' nobody hear him 
 Police knockin' down my door with judicial system permission 
 Contraband in where we livin', hope I don't get thrown away 
 In the prison dogs are sniffin' backyard full of canes 
 Catch a case and not get out, niggas fighting every day 
 Choppers circle 'cause a nigga chop hard on the blade 
 Got broads on the base, slangin' rude, we bangin' too 
 Where you from? 
 If they got that back, we clapping coming through 
 Going dumb, 40's selling water profit from the slums 
 Since we was young money been the motive 
 Nigga get you some guns and dough 
 Bruh I love them guns and dough 
 Find me slangin' for the low 
 Come around, you getting domed, somebody at the door 
 Who's that peekin' in my screen door? 
 I got what you need, what you fiend for?