Tsunami warning 
 You the one that's tryna keep your business low-key, huh? (huh?) 
 You the one that's having your main nigga 
 Can't get no sleep, huh? (Sleep, hey) 
 You the one who walk around on fleek, huh? (Fleek) 
 You the one that started from the bottom 
 But you've reached your peak, huh? (Peak, peak) 
 You taught her how to swallow with no teeth, huh? 
 Make them dollars out the street, huh? (Cash) 
 Baddest bitch you ever seen, huh? (Bad) 
 You the one who split the guap with your team, huh? (Split it) 
 You the one who drink a lotta codeine, huh? (Drank) 
 Aye, aye I like this shit 
 This shit take me back to the '99, 2000 
 Aye, aye, I got shorties out tryna find me, that look 
 Slipping through the cracks 
 'Cause I'm slimy, I slipped 
 Chain wetter than a river you could cry me 
 Quit the Timberlake, oh bitch 
 Now she despise me, I swear 
 I just let the money energize me 
 Nigga, you was in your 20s in the '90s, yeah 
 I just order Phantoms off the website 
 They ask how I want the shit, I say, "Surprise me" 
 Aye, yeah, look 
 She wanna hang when the album drop, that's timely 
 Aye, got a present for my oppers, Word to Smiley 
 I know her man, gotta move her from beside me I swear 
 She got ice in all her veins (All the ice) 
 She gon' change worrying about the wrong things (Wrong thing) 
 If the paparazzi catch her, she'll be famous (Flash) 
 Got to move low-key with the gangsters 
 Do what you do girl, flex with your gang (Flex) 
 Let's call the boys up (BM) Lambos gon' swing (Skrrt) 
 Who that making noise? (Who?) Gang-Gang (Who?) 
 Got a new crib, with a shooting range 
 Get a professional aim 
 You was up, now you fell off (Hey) 
 Then you pull up, all cap better knock it off (Cap) 
 I might get caught with my side bitch (Gang) 
 'Cause I put my main bitch in the cockpit 
 Bad bitches and they lit (Woo) 
 I just told 'em, "Flip the switch" (Flip it) 
 Gang 'round, with the shits (Switch it) 
 I just told 'em, "Flip the switch" (Hey) 
 (Flip it, flip it, flip it, flip it) 
 Switch it 
 (Flip it, flip it, flip it, flip it) 
 Flip that ho switch 
 (Flip it!) 
 You the one that's tryna keep your business low-key. huh? (Huh?) 
 You the one that's having your main nigga 
 Can't get no sleep, huh? (Sleep, hey) 
 You the one who walk around on fleek, huh? (Fleek) 
 You the on that started from the bottom 
 But you reached your peak, huh? (Peak, peak) 
 You taught her how to swallow with no teeth, huh? 
 Make them dollars out the street, huh? (Cash) 
 Baddest bitch you ever seen, huh? (Bad) 
 You the one who split the guap with your team, huh? (Split it) 
 You the one who drink a lotta codeine, huh? (Drank)