Everything is crisscross patterns turn 
 Mine on snap when the indo burn 
 I'm livin' wreckless. My killa cross over in the (?) 
 Pushin coke from Fillmore to the projects in Texas 
 Austin, Bitch yous a hoe what you callin 
 Smokin' indo like a fat rat, Chewy like a Charleston 
 Charleston chewy no sambooy 
 Motherfucker what you do like Scooby Doo 
 Nigga, I see you 
 I don't trust my lawyer but nigga I'll sue you 
 I'm a diamond in the ruff 
 I got you with my pistol (?) and nigga yous fucked 
 I'm lookin' like a gentleman clean, cut, and handsome 
 But thinkin' like an inmate with life up in Folsom 
 Stuck up in the game like a suction cup 
 Don't ask me for shit 'cause I'm stingy as fuck 
 My cocaine style got you fiendin for more 
 'Cause standin in your presence is a real drug lord 
 My bread; I can't get enough of that cash 
 So when you talkin' about mine motherfucker don't laugh 
 I'm serious. Your bread'll disappear in the night 
 From Oakland to L.A. a raider fan for life 
 Fours waggin you're laggin. Engine in the back 
 The queen of the streets yeah bitches still crack 
 Mind state; but niggas it may be too late 
 'Cause niggas need a joint just to concentrate 
 I need money miss me with a muthafuckin pool 
 Nigga I'm comin' like a swiss malt liquor 
 Pool fin to rap with my pearl-tipped razor 
 Watch me blow up like a dope dealer's pager 
 Bitch don't play you'll get read like a chart 
 And if you wanna fuck a nigga you'll get rode like bart 
 So muthafucker check the ????? alpine 
 ????? The sign that fucked your mind 
 With a vengeance niggas run like welches in a kitchen 
 Mothufucka listen to my mercenary mission 
 Nigga pain, pain, pain 
 Fuck these records and this motherfuckin fame 
 I stay awake like an owl, muthafucka, HOO! 
 Hoes around the way smokin' indo too 
 My cocaine raps they can't get enough 
 Mr. Jim Jones I'm a diamond in the ruff 
 Get with me. Feelin' fifty 
 But I don't think you motherfuckers hear me; nigga 
 Pop pop pop motherfucker drop x3 
 Pop pop motherfucker you better drop 
 Pop pop pop motherfucker drop x3 
 Pop pop mother fucker you better drop 
 Murdera, murdera, murdera... STOP.