My drug ...(?) 'cause they come in flocks 
 I can't sleep 'cause when I do I think the game gon' stop 
 So I'm awake like an owl at a quarter to three 
 I hit your window with a nickel, whatsup baby it's me 
 Where I'm from we hate cops like we were bred to do it 
 Believe in Nike signs and gettin' high, so bitch just do it 
 Right or wrong over right, we'll disobey 
 Smokin' weed, plottin (?) greed, listenin' to Shaday 
 Man I hustle all day, eatin' cat fish and stapper 
 Battle everyday and gat clappers to rappers (?) 
 Tryin' ta have paper from the bottom to the tip 
 Two words I can't resist, motherfucker or bitch 
 I lost a few nickels but I never drop dimes 
 Huh, Pisces is the rap sign 
 Cobra Status! 
 Swingin' like the man from Atlantis 
 A ho (?) like Houdini, but like Houdini I will vanish 
 Baby wuz nineteen with a big ol' ass 
 Shit, (?) gave a nigga whiplash 
 Don't ask me for money because I'm not gonna share it 
 Smokin' weed from Bob Marley 'cause ...(?) 
 You best hope this wax don't cut you 
 Hope one time don't bust you 
 This style will finger fuck you 
 And partna I just can't trust you 
 Cobra Status! 
 Recognize game when it's on your mind 
 You and that bitch playin' Andre rhymes 
 ...(?) Situation like an SP-12 
 Go to hell, I made bail, Nigga fresh outta jail 
 With the look of a replican, shit gets deep 
 Already gunnin' up, and man I'm bumpin' the beat 
 Real pimp shit all in your bra 
 But it wuz me with this my little cousin Bobby Shaw 
 Cobra Status! 
 Nigga I'm the lost pimp of Gladis 
 Colder than a 40 heart that's shaked like a habit (?) 
 Nigga I'm a hawk, you a forest bunny rabbit 
 My crew stay true but we can also get savage 
 Cobra Status! 
 Bitch don't call me unless the party iz packed 
 And gangsta shit iz bumpin' on every track 
 Nigga them dice ain't got no love 
 Shakin' like a nigga scared behind his gun 
 'Cause see I tick like time and man I time like tick 
 Man niggas don't forget it that we sure don't forget it 
 It's your receiva, your 6 feet 'n' ova ...(?) ice creama 
 Rollin' chewy in a beama 
 With a poetic passion 
 And a functional fashion 
 Full tank of gas 
 And man I'm mashin' 
 Speed like a Z/28 tennant crow (?) 
 Look if you want 
 Your reflection will show 
 Cobra Status!