I hit these niggas with the punishment 
 Enemy schemes top secret like the government 
 So check my rep from Don King my nigga 
 A word from the wise don't trust that bitch 
 I watch these muthafuckas melt like a grilled cheese samwich 
 Chewy on the go then smoke then vanish 
 So niggas fuck with 'nopoly cause this is how I play 
 Lockin niggas down like they in pelican fuckin' bay 
 Solitary, it's 1995 February 
 And you won't see the sun until 2000 January 
 Nickatina, I'm like a pisces but a submarine-a 
 You crossed yo eyes and I knocked you out cause you said I dealt with Tina 
 It's the pit, doberman rots and shit 
 Laid like a perm on a bad ass bitch 
 Big lips, smooth legs 
 I'm like a chicken hawk 
 These katipillas better post on a night watch 
 It's goin' down, 8 pounds of that dank skunk 
 This crooked crow said I'm a nigga that he couldn't trust 
 Man I don't care what you think you fuckin' super sucka 
 Man I don't care what you think you fuckin' dirty clucka 
 Man I don't care what you think you fuckin' tommy tucka 
 Man I don't care what you think you cuttin' muthafucka 
 You's a crooked crow! 
 Mind on temporary drama 
 Fuck these muthafuckas but I'm a angel when I'm wit my momma 
 So wrap yo arms around yo body like a straight jacket 
 Bow down and let me rid you of those same old tactics 
 Cause this chewy got me high until tha next day 
 Muthafucka I'm lookin' through you like an x-ray 
 Partna, nigga has death [never seen] your face 
 Well I don't think you wanna take my strap to my waist 
 Like yowda hoe get up off that powda! 
 Lemon muthafucka I can see that you sour 
 Lime your 9 cents short of a dime 
 Niggas is broke that's why niggas do crime 
 Battle! Nigga like Dallas and the 9ers 
 Where's yo woman? Muthafucka betta find her 
 It's chillin', hatred in the mind Matt Dillon 
 My Vietnam stare will have you bouncing of the ceiling yeah 
 You's a crooked crow! 
 If you didn't know 
 You's a crooked crow! 
 Yeah 
 [???] Survivin' in the ghetto too 
 Uh, I thought you knew 
 Check this out 
 To the fullest muthafucka I'm the muthf**kin purest 
 Nigga fuck around and get robbed like a tourist 
 At the wrong place 
 At the wrong time 
 In the wrong car 
 At the wrong sign 
 Katapilla! You can' fuck wit me! 
 I'm that nigga every nigga wanna be! 
 Like SHAFT, getting square off in that ass 
 Dank 'n a sexy freak don't fuck wit hash 
 Reputation, smoke dope and rap's my occupation 
 Between that time obligations rock the nation 
 Suffocation can't breathe from that blow to the neck 
 Reactions like a report card nigga all Fs 
 So um, tiptoe in uh, Fillmoe 
 Where money is God and muthafuckas gettin' low 
 So I'm at you like a hungry fox on a jackrabbit 
 Don't try to test my temper 'cause I got a indo habit 
 And it's poppin', baby, imma let you know 
 Mother fuck you bitch goddamn ass hoe 
 Crooked crow 
 Yeah 
 Gimme a break down 
 Whatsup Lo Lo? 
 Mike Mike 
 Kim 
 Tram nigga 
 It's ya boy Dre Dogg check it out 
 My DT crew gets wrecked (Killa!) 
 My DT crew gets wrecked (Go and get em!) 
 My DT crew gets wrecked (Killa!) 
 My DT crew gets wrecked (Go and get em!) 
 My DT crew gets wrecked (Killa!) 
 My DT crew gets wrecked (Go and get em!) 
 My DT crew gets wrecked (Killa!) 
 My DT crew gets wrecked (Go and get em) 
 My DT crew gets wrecked!