(Nickatina) 
 Man it's the diamondback eagle that's legal to kick it evil 
 Bullets from behind wit your peoples 
 I serenade the whole serengeti fefetti and lucaccini 
 Chuck Taylor down in a beanie, the kill genie 
 State the state and face the face crop the bass 
 The rap the race the rhyme the weight the god the sign 
 The rom of don of spawn of khan, now whatchu doin' there khan? 
 Rap till I steal-her for-real illa with alligator blood veins 
 Me and a pisces hit the drug main 
 Eatin' on steak in the late night, tiger get your brain right 
 Dickey get the game tight, 'den fuck 'em all 
 Hear me once and you'll never forget 
 I'm like a caridagate, or better yet I got this ready to spit 
 Hot raps that burn and yearn fuck it you'll wait your turn 
 You'll get cut in line every time 
 Man I live by the sword and die by the gun 
 And not give a fuck and why? 'cause I'm young 
 Raps that backtrack and crack the sky ask me why 
 Check if you deserve to die 
 Shit a Rip Van Winkel ebeneezer 
 Kill the plea ya kill the tea ya kill to ease the pain 
 That scarred the game on tiger's brain, sigh 
 Now that's a cold mother fucker, iced out. 
 What's that in your ring homie? Iced out. 
 What's that in your chain homie? Iced out. 
 Do you disrespect the game homie? Ya iced out. 
 Do the coldest heart men deserve to die? 
 What's that in your ring homie? Iced out. 
 What's that in your chain homie? Iced out. 
 Do you disrespect the game homie? Ya iced out. 
 Do the coldest heart men deserve to die? 
 (Equipto) 
 You wanna get in my mix man? I really doubt that 
 'Cause I'm hard to swallow like a mouth full of crack 
 And I'm hard to follow like a cheetah on crank 
 And I'm hard to break like the lock on a safe 
 In a federal bank so don't dare try to hack this 
 Maxed stay the bass, 'cause I'ma be frank 
 If you crack the code then I'ma crack your face 
 And if I catch ya case they won't set the date for the trial 
 'Cause I'ma put you under the ground and in 10 years 
 You'll be food for a cow how you like me now just like kumody 
 'Cause I got Andre Nicky up in 214 
 And like a newport bean I had to ask for green 
 To achieve my goals and make my dreams my reality 
 And what I got, I got killaz on a salary 
 Makin' an hourly wage off this game that we play 
 For wonder bread and ground beef 
 A ticket to a meal to me that sounds sweet 
 So we bring the heat until the meat gets cooked 
 Or till the deed gets took or to whichever comes first 
 (Nickatina) 
 Man the way I blaze the blueberry it's like I'm in the military 
 Gotta have a chopper tiger fire every time 
 I spits like a cobra rare anaconda boa constrictoris keep my pictures 
 Man the lexus 4 door, trips to morocco, damns in in soho, trinity and coco 
 See ya, and run ya like a red light and when it turns green 
 I hit the weed, increase the speed 
 Man it's so don doda, magic like harry potter 
 Take it over like nino did the cartah, projects 
 High tech low tech what's the spread? I might say go Jets, Nickatina 
 The freight train at hells gates pain 
 You know standing there fuckin' like a gun range 
 And I do it for the lords the lords all the kings 
 The kings that brang the dream and all the gleam 
 Hit Vegas like a conioni with the mac in my blood 
 And not a macaroni, K-K-K-Khan 
 Party till I die nigga, some wonder why nigga 
 But that's the mindstate when you gettin' high nigga 
 Set me up to cut things I'm like a mustang 
 Ready to rush-bust tough thangs