Verse 1 (Andre Nickatina) 
 My raps are like a cell phone rate, 
 'Cause they keep ringin' all across the state. 
 Hit the barbque party make a handsome plate, 
 I give you hell until I make it to the pealy date. 
 Feel pretty, king nicky do it for the city, 
 The spot got hot when they shut of the semi. 
 Game is late with a straight poker face, 
 My recipies cats all wourlin to taste, 
 But wait it's the chef the new hockey ref, 
 'Cause I'm a cold rap cat till my very last breathe, yes, 
 I crash cars with the melokie brothers. 
 My horoscope told me there is no other. 
 I rap everyday like a christmas gift, 
 I stay hot at the head if the g's don't flip, but trip, 
 Crushed velvet I tackle no helmet (wuh) 
 I probly ain't shit if you let a freak tell it. 
 Verse 2 (Lolo Swift) 
 Wha (??) (??) (??) (??) via pimp take it for what its worth, 
 Loli lo might mama never (???) 
 (?????????????????????????) 
 With the magnitude that you submittin' 
 To the game brame watch this how you be forgettin 
 Cut out your never next with the stylish jack 
 Leave ur ass for dead cause you be fuckin' faggots BITCH 
 Picture this superbowl Sunday, 
 Niggas shoottin craps in the kitchen 
 (?????????????????????????????) 
 Bank robber 
 (???????????????????????) 
 What ever you like pumpin I ain't from my abs 
 Cause my ass is tight 
 Verse 3 (Andre Nickatina) 
 I write scriptures, 
 For those (???????) drug picture 
 Treat the pain and make it feel like a slug hit cha 
 (???) I'm about to make bail 
 The plan I got (????) cliental 
 The killer whale goes deep benathe the ocean floor, 
 And leaves dead MC's at the sandshore. 
 The atlantic, man don't panic, you act like you ain't never 
 Get your ass kicked. 
 I make money and for me its sheer kind, 
 Comin' through, smellin good, park (??) (ooh) 
 All in detriot man they know my (??) 
 Stretchin they necks tryin' ta check the guy 'cause, 
 I stay quite when my other niggas get loud 
 I kick style with my silver tooth smile (cha ching) 
 I cook rhymes on a cookie sheet 
 While you play that top on a rookie beat 
 WORD 
 Verse 4 (Lolo Swift) 
 Frankly, I'm about to spank thee 
 On the microphone (???) 
 Stitchin up your pain with my protocall 
 You'll get your (???) 
 Kidding, you see my devilsh grin 
 I see the way you like sedating while I'm lickin' my ends 
 While you be gressin I'm progressin your the (????) 
 First lesson compessin, cause (???????) 
 Is the first step to a cry (?????) I'm a pimps grip 
 (???) Now really how far do you think the players 
 Path gon getcha? c'mon nigga HUH HUH? 
 Shiiit you know mackin is a game freak, and I'm a player 
 But not for long (????) 
 Shiiit, King Nicky in full effect I got coke dealers askin 
 "What you doin' next?" and check. 
 Like the honycomb hideout hidaway, I don't drive nickatine 
 I just fly away. Spread my wings like a vulture when it comes to this, 
 Makin' moneys more sweater then a tongue kiss. 
 Shift the gears on my (??) like a (??) 
 Back there I had you spinnin like a comacobie. 
 Work the rap like a drunk work a bar tender, 
 Shake it live like a colt 45. 
 Feel free to correct it its needs to be!