I don't wanna cry no mo so its on. 
 U caught up in the mode of the new Jim Jones 
 Problems in the world make mary jane a hit 
 Young mothafuckas gettin' raised like pits. 
 Nigga can you feel the hatred, I want you to die. 
 Creepin' bolo, always solo, chewy got me high 
 My eyes are low, my heart is cold, my stare will cause you pain 
 My niggas, man they want to think these records ...? 
 Problems in the world make niggas wanna kill 
 So I slang my rope just to make a joint to break you off the real 
 Foul rat daddies make my mind go smash 
 Niggas smoke all day, but still about they cash 
 Are u a killa, or are you a fake ass nigga (nigga) 
 Dirty like a worm (worm), slimy like a caterpillar (caterpillar) 
 Mind full of hatred... killa!(killa!) 
 And if they don't come, go 'n' get em! (go get em!) 
 It's like world war 3 in the mothafuckin zone 
 And anything goes when street lights come on 
 And I'm sweatin, every night sleepin' no noise 
 Always mad, never glad, indo brings me joy 
 So lay down to your mothafuckin nemesis (lay it down) 
 You say you caught me? then ima ask for witnesses (witnesses) 
 It's like enter the dragon, I creep like bruce 
 Callin all cars, cop/got killa on the loose 
 Once in my scope, there ain't no hope, 'cause I don't care. 
 You walkin' now, but when you see me, picture wheel chair 
 Because my bear hug be fuckin' off your vertebrae 
 And now you lookin' like a cat on the freeway 
 You start actin' like a child and imma call you 'son' 
 You try to play me like a bitch and imma cut yo tongue 
 And I ain't ever met a nigga that ain't lied about pussy to this day 
 But I ain't trippin', mothafucka roll a J 
 'Cause I don't give a fuck, nigga what's the score 
 I got mines and nigga, I want yours 
 They rat head mothafuckas get government cheesed 
 And get the full extent of punishment by any ..|higher means?| 
 So I'm livin' like a dope dealer poppin' in his prime 
 And example mothafucka that had dope came in '89 
 It's like F**K YOU MAHN, CRACK COCAINE! 
 That one hitter quitter done got yo brain 
 Now its only poppin', there ain't no stoppin' 
 Money comes first nigga bodies start droppin' 
 Niggas get hit like they comin' across the middle 
 'Cause I ain't got no time for no mothafuckin riddle 
 'Cause bullshit walks, and money talks loud 
 Smilin' shows weakness, so niggas don't smile 
 Mind full of hatred, gonna think rite 
 Nigga I'm head huntin, mothafuck yo life! 
 It's like peeka boo peeka boo, nigga I see ya 
 But what I got for ya foo, I wouldn't wanna be ya 
 The 6'6 killa whale's in the cuts, like starsky 'n' hutch 
 And I'm puffin on skunk. so nigga knuckle up and ur grill you better guard 
 'Cause imma try to stick you like a snitch on the yard 
 I walk my walk I talk my talk and sometimes I mite give orders 
 Deceptacons, get ready to roll on all these transformers 
 'Cause niggas don't care, they takin' chewy to the brain 
 Mind full of hatred, off that came to the face 
 Bow down you little bitch here to taste 
 Respect gets ? like staggitory rape 
 And its on, voices goin' off in my dome 
 Steady gettin' high in my caddy all chrome 
 CHIT CHATTA! mothafuckas really don't matter 
 Niggas get beat like pancake batter 
 Cracked like egg, fried like pork 
 I got niggas runnin' east, west, south, n north 
 Like a compass, yo life don't mean shit to me, fuck it 
 Mind full of hatred smokin' chewy in a bucket 
 These cockaroach fucks get eat like fish 
 Skinned like shrimp, beat then lynched 
 (??'Cause foolin on a reef shit 'n' foolin on a bird shit??) 
 And all that other bullshit Dre Dog is not concerned with 
 F**K EM. 
 F**K EM.