(Verse 1 - Andre Nickatina) 
 Picture a blind man that can't see 
 Meaning the beauty he's supposed to see 
 God it can't be 
 I (?) like a snake, the venom I spit make me shake 
 Look at the cakes I baked 
 Weed in my brain got me baptized 
 Unless you talkin' bout money, you ain't sayin' shit rap wise 
 I'm so addicted to red licorice and fine bitches 
 Khan lives forever man that's my wishes 
 (Verse 2 - Equipto) 
 My wishes, (?) intense wishes 
 Bruce Lee, Tupac, and Jimmy Hendrix 
 (?) Still here to realize it, with no police around to ever read they rights 
 It's how I roll, you know my lifestyle is cold 
 Around the globe, they treat us like Al Capone 
 Wish I didn't need a blunt in my mouth to blow 
 But I'm so far gone that's how it go 
 (Verse 3 - Andre Nickatina) 
 Yeah, two wishes and three bitches in the Cadillac 
 They wanna hit the club and this is where the party's at 
 Front line and in ya face like some gold teeth 
 My homie said he's like a butcher 'cause he loves beef 
 ...(?) And two doors on the cutty 
 I had to laugh at him, cause that's my buddy 
 We used to chase bitches so vicious it was delicious 
 I heard a lil' genie sayin' "Take more wishes" 
 (Verse 4 - Equipto) 
 Wishin', why listen to a fool really give a fuck 
 Don't interrupt you stupid (?) I (?) the blunt 
 We get ta cuttin' like a DJ do 
 The game's sheisty like a NFL replay booth 
 In your backpack party with all my throwbacks on 
 Suckas stare like they're impressed, sayin' "Oh my god" 
 There go the whole back wall 
 ...(?) Playin' to win 
 I'm in to win, I'm wishin but I couldn't pretend 
 (Verse 5 - Andre Nickatina) 
 Shit, I side swipe you in the light (?) just like a fender bender 
 There go your brain with the game so you don't remember 
 I'm block tonic off the chronic and I spit ebonics 
 Colt 45 in my eyes, so it get hypnotic (?) 
 The glock nine, some use it like a semari 
 Run for your lives, or picture being paralized 
 I hold my raps with a grip of a rubber handle 
 Then when I'm gone man you picture it on every channel 
 In grey flannel, Nicky ...(?) 
 When I was scarred by the game and the pain felt, 
 Excruciating, no duplicatin' this fury 
 Look at the lawyer with a grin for the hung jury 
 Four wishes, more wishes, man and more bitches 
 Man more weed, more G's, man and club bitches 
 The rap scriptures, we hold them like the bible 
 Imagine somebody shootin' at your idol 
 ...(? Sun like Clorox make it fade 
 Bust it 27 ways, we did it right away 
 (?) Weed up in heaven with the switches 
 Eatin' red licorice and lyin' with the bitches 
 I hate to do dishes, in love with my riches 
 Man it ain't suspicious why you sleepin' with the fishes 
 These are my wishes, I got five wishes 
 Prime time live, gettin' high off my wishes