(Equipto) 
 I remember he told me... calm down, calm down, calm down, calm down 
 Ya, God forgets my soul when I'm doing bad 
 The pain I'm feelin' when living life too fast 
 So calm down were the words that I heard last 
 My ear drums are still numb from the first blast 
 I couldn't turn back past the grave into my head for the dead 
 Putting ash in graves 
 And I smoke with the spirit so feel me rise 
 Over the clouds for now up until we die, it's like that 
 I set off through the star spangled 
 Looking for a light to guide me to an angel 
 Gotta be smart and hide behind all the answers 
 When everythings dark my heart is full of anger 
 (Nikatina) 
 I rather be a bull for a day than a goat forever 
 My life is a joke so whatever 
 Man prime time reason and rhyme, you know the rhyme be the reason 
 Sling shots and Chuck Taylors, it's the season 
 There is no state of the art or no special effects 
 It's just money, politics, and these projects 
 Can you imagine yo a playboy that's kickin it live 
 But in his own damn mind yo hes doin' time 
 Now that's deeper than the craters on the moon 
 Crushin up weed in the back dressing room 
 I hate to be greedy but I love to be greedy 
 Hope the little guy love me but don't be me 
 I do it like a gene, blaze in a beenie 
 Life time contract and no you can't free me, Queezy 
 (Equipto) 
 Ya we live and die it's all for the cash flow 
 Don't give replies, I'm high and we act cold 
 I don't know why I couldn't explain 
 Lost focus of the love in the innocent way, live for the day 
 Hey I'ma escape to the music, to try to make up for all the wrong that I'm doin' 
 I swear I know better, but so far gone 
 And no guard hear the cry out in every song 
 It's upon everybody through moods of stars 
 Rise and fall I'm there with my open arms 
 (Nikatina) 
 Man it's such a rush that I get when the money is spent, and all the dope is lit, 
 Man this is how I repent, I keep a devils eye on tigas that spit the gift 
 And is it true in the after; like the souls adrift? 
 That's kamakazi logic, man the ghetto is the topic 
 You trying to cop it, you gotta sell it then you drop it 
 It's like its hot 'cause if it's not then the plot starts to thicken 
 I'm sorry but moneys a religion, fly like a pigeon 
 Man what's your decision? the homies is waiting in the Fillmoe division 
 Rap life living, fast cars driven, it's something like prison 
 But this is how we listen, listen 
 Go ahead and bounce homie... get up outta here... get up outta here... it's like that... it's like that... 
 It's like that... it's like that...