Your Success took a shot at you 
 What are you going to do now? 
 How are you gonna kill it? 
 You gonna become unsuccessful? 
 Frank, you can be successful and have enemies 
 Or, 
 Be unsuccessful too and you can have friends 
 I got these niggas breezy, don't worry about it. 
 Let that bitch breath, 
 I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less. 
 What do I think of success 
 It sucks, too much stress 
 I guess I blew up quick, cause friends I grew up with 
 See me as a pre-me but I'm not and my nuts big 
 I don' know what the fuss is 
 My cribs illustrious 
 My rep is impeccable 
 I'm not to be fucked with 
 Shit 
 Let that bitch breath 
 I'm way to important to be talking about extortion' 
 Asking me for a portion is like asking for a coffin 
 Broad day light I off your on switch 
 Ya not too bright, goodnight, long kiss 
 Bye, bye my reply 
 Blah blah 
 Blast burning and pass burner the ta ta 
 Finish my breakfast, why? 
 I got an appetite for destruction and you're a small fry 
 Now where was I? 
 Let that bitch breathe 
 I used to give a shit, now I don give a shit more 
 Truth be told, I had more fun when I was piss poor 
 I'm pissed off 
 This what success all about? 
 A bunch of niggas acting like bitches with big mouths 
 All this stress, all I got is this big house 
 Couple cars I don bring half them shits out 
 All of this ace of spade I drank just to piss out 
 I mean I like the taste could of saved myself 6 hours 
 How many times can I go to Mr. Childs, towels no booth 
 Hold up, lemme move my bouwls 
 I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG tell these boys 
 (Ya ain't about to shit on my nigga) 
 I got watches I ain't seen in months 
 Apartment at the Trump; I only slept in once 
 Niggas said Hova was ova, such dummies 
 Even If I fell I'll land on a bunch of money 
 Ya ain't got nothing for me 
 "Nas; let that bitch breathe" 
 Success, McLaren, women staring 
 My villain appearance sacred blood of a king 
 And my vein ain't spilling 
 Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill Romello 
 Camaro driven, I climax from paper 
 And ask why is life worth living? 
 Is it to hunt for the shit that you want? 
 To receives great, but I lust giving 
 The best jewelers wanna make my things 
 I make Jacob shit on the range just to make me a chain 
 Niggas mention the one love 
 Came home with the paper in hand 
 They gotta brag about the FEDS young man 
 Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments 
 Google Earth Nas, I got flats in other continents 
 Worst enemies wanna be my best friends 
 Best friends wanna be enemies like that's what's in 
 But I don't give a fuck walk inside the lions den 
 Take everybody's chips, about to cash them in 
 Up your catalog dog, mine's worth to much 
 Like Mike Jacks ATV part, Mottola can't touch 
 Let this bitch breathe 
 Let this bitch breathe