Hahahaha. 
 Ghost riders 
 I remember when this said it's gon B nothin' 
 Noww, look ... we got fast cars ., fast ho's, fast money 
 All dem shots and we still here. nigga you run this city 
 Yo. look here 
 MAIN: 
 My uncle snoop dogg told me go hard on a ho 
 Dey wont listen 
 When I speakin' slap stars on a ho 
 Hit the dealer, take the baddest fuckin' car in the flow 
 Club nice ten G's on the bar here we go. 
 Caddelac pimpin' homie you should see what I drive callin my monster vehicle it's like its alive. 
 Women swimmin to my nuts you should see when they dive 
 Husbands be lookin' for me since I be with theire wives 
 Honebee's on on my dick like I beat on the hyve 
 Busta take that kinda mouthin and a skiet in her eye 
 She can see where I'm comin' from, but seein surprised other brallz told about me now she seein the size 
 Even afther my concert she still seeing me live. 
 G.I.B. money gain, you ain't see in these guys think you seein my tribe static when we arrive. 
 You in the missesipy flow with your brains on the side. 
 Refrein: 
 Bad chiks, hot cars, bank rose, fuck the laws 
 Get it boys, got the ball, chicks taint? ya top star 
 Thugss bust (buckbuckbuck) ya block star, stripes yeah, we got cars, front row. 
 To livin' large, what we are baby Blockstars 
 Chek it out, ey 
 Now them mad rims pokin out like fake breasts, muscle on the barrle fucking nigge's not dem same sex 
 Its superstars that don't like me so who gon hate, next cowards bout to fell out, yeah we comin' with eight cheques 
 I'm tryin' to have it to where my sons writin paid cheques, so if I diamond curlin I say it'l be straight set 
 Froutelume whip, yeah it's a great vet youze a average loser and I'm a great vet. 
 Feel like I died came back and died again, lessons in life tought me I got no motherfockin friends 
 Some haters jack me knowin' imma get revange, when I play I play to win, gankin me now that's a sin. 
 Id overtan, faded off and see ... cock my hat, cock my strap and put that pine in the wind 
 Corners we been, ex famous murder ville fuck the jury once you're life I'm bout ta 
 Murder kill kill 
 Refrein: 
 Bad chiks, hot cars, bank rose, fuck the laws 
 Get it boys, got the ball, chicks taint? ya top star 
 Thugss bust (buckbuckbuck) ya block star, stripes yeah, we got cars, front row. 
 To livin' large, what we are baby Blockstars 
 I keep dem riders with me like I own the fight club I must be trowin a party catch me in a fuckin' night club 
 P cat's stairin at me jealous with a slight mug, dirty you wrongg but arnt you fuckin' with the right thug 
 Call me cats but with a pistol, yeah ghost rider not from the west or east I'm a midwest coastrider 
 Nutty northsider fool with a attitude nickname handyman I stay with a couple pools 
 Refrein: 
 Bad chiks, hot cars, bank rose, fuck the laws 
 Get it boys, got the ball, chicks taint? ya top star 
 Thugss bust (buckbuckbuck) ya block star, stripes yeah, we got cars, front row. 
 To livin' large, what we are baby Blockstars 
 What we are 
 Blockstarz