Throw it to me baby, I'm a runningback 
 Through tha hole now, can yo boi touchdown? x2 
 Bounce dat ass hoe [x8] 
 Shake it twist it. 
 Twist it shake it. 
 Hat cocked hard headed from tha bad block 
 Reds flocked I'm star studded like my shamrock 
 Off top when I drop them bras need to pop 
 I told her don't stop man have you seen her pop? 
 God damn she hit the fan can't catch her dirty 
 I can, 'cause I'm the man, I am 
 I don't slow dance I 2 step 
 Tryin' to chill 'n' post up but dat Grey Goose crept 
 Up on me now lil mama lookin' like she want this 
 Once I am up to bat when I hit I don't miss 
 And maybe you can leave wit me 
 And don't worry about nothin' a couple of gs wit me 
 (Now let me see you) 
 Throw it to me baby, ima runningback 
 Through tha hole now, can yo boi touchdown? [x2] 
 Bounce dat ass hoe [x8] 
 Shake it twist it. 
 Twist it shake it. 
 It's too many niggas and not enough hoe's 
 Soon as I come through tha door 
 Them heffers pullin on my clothes 
 White t, crispy nikes wit some red and blue girbauds 
 Hustle a piece of game and don't be mad 'cause she chose 
 Ching a ling, stay on tha scene 
 Ring diamonds in my pinky ring 
 You know they mean 
 Brush my shoulders off I stay clean, look how I gleam 
 Keep a gang of chickens on my team, ya know wat I mean? 
 You a jazzy girl, it's your world 
 I'm just trying to catch a nut, so maybe call me a squirrel 
 Better yet I tell ya what, ima give yo ass a referral 
 Come to my office in tha back and gon get it girl 
 Shake it twist it, Twish it shake it 
 You got a fine body, why don't you back dat thing up 
 Type of thighs make yo boy wanna back his springs up 
 If you throw it my way ima snatch dat thing up 
 Once I beat it up dem docs gon have to patch dat thing up 
 Yeah, I bet ya never met a playa like me 
 Tryin' to get in dem pants I might be 
 Pass it to be like I'm Bousier 
 Let me ram it until I bring that ass to a closer 
 Throw it to me baby, ima runningback 
 Through tha hole now, can yo boi touchdown? [x2] 
 Bounce dat ass hoe [x8] 
 Shake it twist it. 
 Twist it shake it.