Man, my momma be trippin' like a mothafucka man 
 (Man, u gotta get the fuck out the crib) 
 I know, talkin' bout I'm 31 and still livin' wit her 
 So? 
 I know niggaz older than that 
 I'm still gettin' this money though 
 (This mothafuckin money. nigga you tell her it come out yo pocket nigga you buy the bread) 
 That's what I'm talkin' bout 
 I brang home the groceries shit (yeah that's what I'm talkin' bout) 
 Wussup nigga? who is that?(what the fuck) 
 That look like that nigga lil' howard 
 Oh shit! 
 (Music: throw yo hood up if you representin) 
 Wussup nigga? 
 They call you chingy now 
 (Ching, ching) (laughing) 
 Cost lot a lurr, pop a cop, drop a spurr 
 (Laughing) 
 Wuz up nigga? what's crackin' though? 
 Yeah boy you doin' yo thang, boy I see that nigga all on TV 
 (Laughin') right thurr 
 How you been nigga? (yeah) u know workin 
 Man (I see you all on TV) yeah, workin man 
 I know you got a job fo yo nigga though 
 (Yeah, wussup) give me somethin' nigga 
 I can drive a bus. yeah? somethin' 
 I can rap fuck it (yep) ill knock out the hoes 
 Spin somethin' repeat 2x 
 Check me out, check me out 
 Nigga hard times (uh huh) make niggaz like me 
 Nigga hard times... 
 Man shut that shit up 
 Well anyway nigga (keep yo head up keep writin) 
 We goin' to the club tonight you want a ride? 
 We goin' to the spot nigga, goin' to the spot 
 (We might head up thurr) see what's crackin' 
 Yeah nigga we... (we might slide through) wha... what chu gon do 
 We might slide through. aight shit 
 We'll just see y'all niggaz later man y'all niggaz stay up 
 Aight man keep yo head up 
 (Leaving) 
 Yeah dog. man 
 I don't trust them niggaz. me neither 
 Why he got that nigga wit him fo? 
 Nigga out of here... I can do that nigga 
 Put me on the track. a bop wop a doowop 
 Nigga what 
 We could rap (nigga what) 
 Fo real. I could rap somethin' 
 Rap my hand around this block 
 Nigga, I bet you nigga (whatever nigga) 
 We need to catch that nigga sleepin' we gon bling bling ya know? (hell yeah) 
 Fuck that nigga