Uh 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Hate it or love it. [x16] 
 [Spoken: I dedicate this to all my enemies 
 All the motherfuckers who don't like me 
 Don't like what I'm doing [fuck!] 
 Don't like that I'm getting this money 
 Don't like that I'm back with the DTP family. Luda, what up? 
 Y'all can suck a dick, though 
 This your boy, Ching-a-ling 
 St. Louis to Atlanta, Atlanta to New York, New York to Cali. Worldwide! 
 You heard! Let's go.] 
 I know you cowards heard of me 
 You probably want to murder me 
 Ya hustlers to the third degree 
 I cut you like it's surgery 
 We hold court in the street and you committed perjury 
 Don't be nervous, B, the ambulance can't make this emergency 
 Urgently and purposely 
 I'm hurting the competitor who irking me is gon' be 
 Closed curtains, see 
 Blaze up the purple weed 
 The herbal trees give me the need to work a beat 
 Flow so for a hit that I deserve to be 
 Just work with me 
 Holy riders in my circle be 
 Not no rubber football but my turf with me 
 Think of jerking me 
 Out my dollar bills? 
 Beat that cat four months ago 
 And you can hear him holler still 
 Am I a G? 
 Certainly. So ain't no murking me 
 Phony cats be perping, B 
 While y'all dames be slurping me 
 Lurking, we creep at night 
 Pop on slight and hurt the beast 
 Nobody know where you at 
 Tell mama to search the streets 
 Hate it or love it. [x16] 
 [Spoken: I don't give a fuck if you niggas don't like me 
 I don't give a fuck! I don't give a fuck if you bitches don't like me 
 Eat a dick, nigga. I wasn't put on this Earth for you to like me, man 
 I was put on this Earth to get money. And live my life 
 Ha ha! Uh huh 
 Don't ask me how my career doing. My career doing just fine 
 I'm good, man, I'm good. Just fine without you hypocrites and you critics 
 With all that gossip and bullshit. Let's go!] 
 Disrespect the clique, neglect the clique, the tec'll spit, we wreck this shit 
 We rep the strip, y'all dudes broads - shoulda had breasts and shit 
 Confess to this, I'm the next to hit 
 Back for the first time, still rep what's on my necklace bitch 
 Bitch! No, I can't cry about the past 
 Left Capitol and signed with Def Jam on they ass 
 Let's get mo' money, real fast, I'm in first, you still last 
 You the worst, I feel bad for you fags 
 I feel sad that I had to buy the new Range 
 Cause the Jag got crashed, my bad 
 I know that's arrogant 
 But I don't care, and shit 
 Shit, I got rich from saying "Right Thurr" and shit 
 Hate it or love it. [x16] 
 [Spoken: Crazy, ain't it? That's wild, that's wild 
 It ain't even like I made the word up, nigga, that's how I talk 
 That's how we talk in the Lou. That shit made me a millionaire 
 Getting money! That sound kinda cocky? So what? Fuck it! Get money! 
 Let's get it! But you know these motherfuckers everyday they always coming up to me asking me 
 Aw shit, there they go asking me questions again.] 
 Is me and Luda cool? Did you and Luda feud? 
 Today's news, I ain't in the motherfucking mood 
 I get [?] with dudes 
 (?] Living your [?) 
 That's old, this new, this any of us, you getting burned 
 In which ya' raps I ain't concerned 
 Got a check for some mill, I signed off, so it's confirmed 
 Eh, look, homie, wait your turn 
 I ain't broke, nigga, look here, I'm straight as a perm 
 Hate it or love it. [x16] 
 [Spoken: As a perm, nigga, I'm good! That's straight as hell 
 Y'all just need to start making sure y'all good 
 Stick your nose outta other motherfuckers' business, man 
 I'm doing a'ight, my family's doing a'ight 
 My homies doing a'ight 
 Shout out to my niggas locked up! 
 Even my broads doing a'ight 
 On they own! 'Cause I ain't giving them a dime! 
 Not a dime! That sum it up for you niggas? 
 Hate me or love me, baby, I'm out. Ching-a-ling 
 Jackpot. [?] 
 Deserve!]