(Chingy) 
 Yeah, what up with it y'all (powerballin') 
 We come to the end of the powerballin' album 
 I hope you liked it and enjoy it (you know) 
 I'm representing the Git It Boyz 
 This your boy Chingy 
 And matter of fact, 
 I wanna shout out everybody who had something to do with this album 
 The Features of the album 
 Lil Wayne, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, David Banner, The Git It Boyz, Boozie, The O.G. 
 Risk Money One and I also wanna thank Ms. Janet Jackson, you dig? 
 Aight aight 
 You know what I'm saying? 
 And look, I wanna thank the whole St. Louis for supporting they boy to stand on from day 1 
 I gotta shout out all the sides, the northside, the westside, the eastside, southside you know 
 Good fellow 
 Grand, King's Highway, Natural Bridge 
 All the sides of St. Louis dirty 
 You know I'm representing the STL 
 And I also wanna thank 
 Capitol Record, you know what I'm saying 
 For holding it down from the first album to the second album Powerballin' 
 Everybody that had something to do with this album 
 Capitol Record I appreciate it 
 I also wanna say I got love 
 I wanna thank DTP, its good 
 What's up Ludacris 
 Yes, and I also wanna say 
 You know, my record company slot-a-lot 
 We bout to be dropping alot you dig? 
 The Git It Boyz, Boozie, Risk Money O.G. 1 
 And on and on and on and on 
 But I also wanna thank all the radio station world-wide 
 For supporting they boys, ranning their voice, feeling they boys, giving your boys a rotation, Yeah 
 And I also wanna thank all the stores 
 Ma impala stores, retails store 
 All that for holding it down 
 Selling the c.d.s its good, yes 
 Your boy Chingy, 
 GIt It Boyz, Got the third album coming out real soon 
 You gon' know about that 
 Look out for the Hood Starz album by the Git It Boyz 
 You know, shout out to the Trak Starz 
 They in da building Buck Ban and Zoe 
 Uh, you know how we do it dirty 
 STL that's right that's right 
 I wanna thank all my loving nieces 
 U dig? I wanna thank the nephews 
 U understand what I'm saying 
 I wanna thank my son, my cute baby 
 That's right, u dig? 
 And I also wanna thank my mama, my daddy, 
 My grandmama, my granddaddy, rest in peace 
 And I wanna dedicate this album to my cousin locked up 
 Cojack, Capon, Rag, Ron 
 Sweatin' all my people in da cell that's holding it down 
 And also my people that's resting in peace 
 Tommy Von, Roc, My grandpa Jack, nails, slim, the gang of people dirty 
 That's how we do this 
 I dedicate this to anyone that was locked up 
 Powerballin, I hope you like the album, hope you got the album and appreciate the album you dig? 
 But be on the lookout cause the GIt It Boyz c.d.s coming 
 Much love, STL, GIB,(powerballing)