Andy Samberg) 
 Sometimes (Oh-oh-oh) 
 Something beautiful happens in this world (Akon!) 
 You don't know how to express yourself, so (And Lonely Island!) 
 You just gotta sing 
 (Akon) 
 I just had sex (Ay) 
 And it felt so good (Felt so good) 
 A woman let me put my penis inside of her (Her) 
 I just had se-ay-ee-ex 
 And I'll never go back (Never go back) 
 To the not-havin'-sex ways of the past 
 (Samberg) 
 Have you ever had sex? I have, it felt great (Yeah) 
 It felt so good when I did it with my penis (Yeah) 
 A girl let me do it, it literally just happened 
 Having sex should make a nice man out the meanest 
 (Jorma Taccone) 
 Never guess where I just came from, I had sex 
 If I had to describe the feelin', it was the best 
 When I had the sex, man, my penis felt great 
 And I called my parents right after I was done 
 (Samberg) 
 Oh, hey, didn't see you there, guess what I just did? 
 Had sex, undressed, saw her boobies and the rest 
 (Was sure nice of her to let you do that thing) 
 Nice of any girl ever (Now sing) 
 I just had sex (Ay) 
 And it felt so good (Felt so good) 
 A woman let me put my penis inside of her (Her) 
 I wanna tell the world 
 To be honest, I'm surprised she even wanted me to do it 
 (Doesn't really make sense) But man, screw it 
 (I ain't one to argue with a good thing) She could be my wife! 
 (That good?) The best thirty seconds of my life 
 I'm so humbled by a girl's ability to let me do her 
 'Cause honestly, I'd have sex with a pile of manure 
 With that in mind, a soft, nice-smellin' girl's better 
 Plus she let me wear my chain and my turtleneck sweaters 
 So this one's dedicated to them girls 
 That let us flop around on top of them 
 If you're near or far, whether short or tall 
 We wanna thank you all for lettin' us fuck you 
 She kept lookin' at her watch (Doesn't matter, had sex!) 
 But I cried the whole time (Doesn't matter, had sex!) 
 I think she might've been a racist (Doesn't matter, had sex!) 
 She put a bag on my head (Still counts!) 
 I just had sex (Ay) 
 And my dreams came true (Dreams came true) 
 So if you had sex in the last thirty minutes 
 Then you qualified to sing with me 
 I just had se-e-ex (Everybody sing!) 
 And it felt so good (We all had sex!) 
 A woman let me put my penis inside of her 
 I just had se-ay-ee-ex (I just had sex) 
 And I'll never go back (Never go back) 
 To the not-havin'-sex ways of the past