You know. 
 Check 
 Its Akon man, my man P, it's the magic city baby. 
 Yo I think we got one on this one 
 So all them haters, wanna scream our name, 
 Let them keep on calling. 
 And they won't support us before, and they wanna scream 
 Now let them keep on calling, we just goin' let them keep on 
 Calling, baby, just keep calling, so keep on calling. 
 And for our supporters, you all can just keep calling as long 
 As you want... keep on calling. 
 I use to be a born a cornera all day, tryin' figure out what's 
 Goin' get me out there, dope filling and hugging the block, I 
 Got them found out thing goin' get me no where. Used to keep 
 A nine milli for protection, just in case a nigger wanna take 
 My bred, then a voice came down from the sky and 
 Said Akon use your head. 
 Had to reavaluate my thoughts, and think about what got 
 Me this far, this far, had to keep a strong faith and believing, 
 Know one day I'd be a star, a star. But I knew that it wouldn't 
 Come easy, come easy, seen a hole lot a hate and believe 
 Meh, believe meh, despite all the bull shit, we had to still 
 Work hard, to get to where we are. 
 So, when you hear them calling out Akon, let them keep on 
 Calling, when you hear the world calling out P-Money, let them 
 Keep on calling, 'cause we went through hell 'n' back to get 
 Here, so keep on calling, let me hear ya now, let me hear ya 
 Now, let me hear just keep on calling. 
 Senegal, West Africa, to New Zealand, New Zealand, bless 
 The heart to give to make music with meaning, with meaning. 
 'Cause I never thought I'd come this far, (ooh yeah), wid a 
 Man tran and a fancy car (ooh yeah) never thought success 
 Would come this quick in the beginning, but I seen it. 
 And all along I'm sitting there thinking it's harder when you 
 Came from the hood, came from the hood. And all I had to do 
 Was put my mind to it, and realize it was all good, it was all 
 Good. Because one I got ridda what help me down, just believe I wasn't turning 
 Back, (turning back) I had to keep on moving and a keep on 
 Grooving, right here on this P-Money track, and so 
 When you hear them calling out Akon, let them keep on 
 Calling, when you hear the world calling out P-Money, let them 
 Keep on calling, 'cause we went through hell 'n' back to get 
 Here, so keep on calling, let me hear ya now, let me hear ya 
 Now, let me hear just keep on calling. 
 Keep on calling, keep on calling, just keep on calling, keep on 
 Calling, just keep on calling, keep on calling, 
 Just keep on calling, keep on calling. 
 When you hear them calling out Akon, let them keep on 
 Calling, when you hear the world calling out P-Money, let them 
 Keep on calling, 'cause we went through hell 'n' back to get 
 Here, so keep on calling, let me hear ya now, let me hear ya 
 Now, let me hear just keep on calling.