Intro: r. kelly (sean paul) 
 All the ladies in the club (send on!) 
 It's your boyfriend would you wine for me 
 All the ladies in the club (sean-a-paul) 
 Would you wine for me (r. kelly sing!) 
 Chorus: r. kelly (sean paul) (*r. kelly adlibs) 
 (*Whoa!) come on baby would you wine for me (w-w-wine) 
 (*Whoa!) girl I wanna see you wine for me (move to the time) 
 (*Whoa!) in the club would you wine for me (w-w-wine girl) 
 (*Remix!) all I wanna do is see you wine for me (move to the time) 
 Verse 1: r. kelly 
 Girl you roll it like a pro in the club 
 I can see the future and you are my lover 
 Girl there's no need to go low no further 
 Because I want you and only you under my cover 
 Boo I love you cause your so sexy (whoa!) 
 The way you back that thang up on me (whoa!) 
 Break it all the way down to the floor (whoa!) 
 Bring it up I can't take no more 
 Are you from an island girl? 
 The way you wining it for me girl 
 Like (whoa!) your bumpin and grindin in the club 
 Like (whoa!) I love to see you winin' in the club 
 Like (whoa!) oh I just wanna love you longtime 
 Like (whoa!) my only mission's to make you mine 
 Like (whoa!) your the sexiest girl in this party 
 (Whoa!) I'm so glad that I came to this party 
 (Whoa!) I'm about to get wasted in this party 
 Guaranteed I'm a walk out with somebody 
 Stop! shake it up now drop it 
 Bounce! bring it up while your winin' 
 I can tell you want sex the way you flex it 
 Throw that ass at me make me want catch it 
 Girln I really wanna sex you, make me show you what kells can do 
 Hit it from the back till you, screamin my name 
 Then I, put you on top now girl I'm screamin your name 
 Turn it back over then I go down low 
 Feels so good your yellin' kells go go 
 Chorus: r. kelly (sean paul) (*r. kelly adlibs) 
 (*Whoa!) come on baby would you wine for me (w-w-wine) 
 (*Whoa!) girl I wanna see you wine for me (move to the time) 
 (*Whoa!) in the club would you wine for me (w-w-wine girl) 
 (*Remix!) all I wanna do is see you wine for me (move to the time) 
 Verse 2: sean paul (r. kelly) 
 Tic-a-toc girl it's a wrap girl back it up girl mek I see yuh just wine for me 
 Tic-a-toc girl it's a wrap girl back it up girl mek I see yuh just wine for me 
 Well a nuff woman mi get oonu get a kind like dat 
 Wine baby love wine cau yuh fine like dat 
 When di riddim it a bounce keep di time like dat 
 Inna di spotlight girl yuh a shine like dat 
 But I go to let yuh know dat yuh a baaaaaaad one 
 Imagine mi and yuh could have maaaaaad fun 
 (Whoa!) mad slam we be takin' in yuh drinkin' rum 
 (Whoa!) meanwhile wid mi gal we a blaze and a bun 
 And, I'mgonna give it to ya my love nuh limit to ya 
 A little time so we can correspond 
 And, I'm gonna flip it to ya anytime yuh give it to mi 
 I just wanna give yuh all night long 
 Boom bam sean-a-paul a give yuh hardcore slam 
 Boom bam mi haffi give yuh all night long 
 Boom bam sean-a-paul a wid di original plan 
 Boom bam mi haffi give yuh all night long girl 
 Chorus: r. kelly (akon) (*r. kelly adlibs) 
 (*Whoa!) come on baby would you wine for me (yo kells this is crazy man!) 
 (*Whoa!) girl I wanna see you wine for me (convict music) 
 (*Whoa!) in the club would you wine for me (akon) 
 (*Remix!) all I wanna do is see you wine for me 
 Verse 3: akon 
 With all that meat hangin' girl I feel like a butcher 
 Just wanna chop you up and cut ya 
 Got the whole place schemin like a hustler 
 With that beautiful skin the color of muster 
 I can't help but to bother you, lookin' like my white bmw 
 Love you sittin' on my rim, matter fact 'gon hop in 
 Now jump in the backseat and chill 
 Got some for you girl you can feel 
 Lay your body down in the six forty five 
 Let the soft leather caress ya while I drill 
 I know you like it, I know you like it 
 Just ran into divine with a shorty so fine lookin' so excited 
 Now she thinks we all cassonovas, that's when I put the legs on my shoulder 
 And just ride her like a range rover 
 Like a dollar bill I had to unfold her, ummm hmmm 
 R. kells cop three in the shack, sean paul hit the back and never came back 
 You know we beat till the early mornin 
 Daylight come and now we want a little more of that 
 Chorus: r. kelly 
 (Whoa!) come on baby would you wine for me 
 (Whoa!) girl I wanna see you wine for me 
 (Whoa!) in the club would you wine for me 
 (Remix!) all I wanna do is see you wine for me 
 (Whoa!) come on baby would you wine for me 
 (Whoa!) girl I wanna see you wine for me 
 (Whoa!) in the club would you wine for me 
 (Remix!) all I wanna do is see you wine for me 
 Outro: r. kelly 
 It's your boyfriend (wine for me) 
 All the ladies in the club let me see you wine (wine for me) 
 Remix, sing it (wine for me) tp3 reloaded y'all (wine for me)