(Feat. DJ Khaled, T.I, Rick Ross, Fat Joe, Baby and Lil Wayne) 
 DJ Khaled! 
 Konvict Music 
 We the best! 
 We takin' over! 
 Listen! 
 I started in Atlanta then I spread out wit' it 
 South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi 
 On to North Carolina, Philadelphia and Virginia 
 From down in Miami where it warm in the winter 
 On up to Minnesota where it storm in the winter 
 Jackson then Tallahassee, Memphis, Tenn. holla at me 
 Been in H-Town, Southside, Cloverland daddy 
 I'm the man out in Dallas, better ask Khaled 
 Kept me out in Cali with my eyes open barely 
 Blowin' and spinnin', goin' down Bennett 
 Drop six-fo', three-wheel then switch it 
 Red light stop, make it drop for the bitches 
 Got a glock fo'-fifth, blow your head off wit' it 
 Anything you hear that I said, I meant it 
 King got the crown then sped off it wit' it 
 Say you need bricks, I said I get it 
 If you want to, we can supply you 
 Got enough work to feed the whole town 
 They won't shoot you unless you try to 
 Come around and try to stomp on our ground 
 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Listen! 
 Buzz is what I does 
 I get money e'ry day, e'ry day I does 
 That Benz is how I ride 
 Black flag on the left, two hoes 
 And right you better, move! AK all day 
 Get shot up like Shyne, that's on my niece 
 I'm B.I.G. like Diddy, damn it, I'm wit' it 
 Khaled we did it, Biggie in my city 
 Please no fitted, fuck it, I'm too pretty 
 Lean back and get brain, stupid, I'm silly 
 Money that come, runnin' like water 
 Mami so hot, damn it, she gorgeous 
 Miami on fire, you better be cautious 
 Might get shot on the porch of your fortress 
 Now they see it was no one from Port City 
 I run in here and Rick Ross is boss shit 
 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Listen! 
 Blat, when you see Crack, better duck 
 Like the mac gotta ease past, nigga what? 
 Shit, I don't give fuck, I run these streets 
 Y'all talk that shit, I want that beef 
 I'ma tell you like a G told me 
 They'll come back quick if a nigga O.D. 
 Cash Rule Everything Around Me 
 I'm YSL, Versace 
 You could see me in that Porsche GT 
 Comin' down Sunset sittin' on D's 
 Feelin' like 'Pac, All Eyez On Me 
 Fresh bandana and I'm blowin' mad trees 
 Nigga please 
 I spit crack, every verse a ki 
 Some say Khaled, some say Colli 
 Twelve years down and I'm finally free, crack! 
 If you want to, we can supply you 
 Got enough work to feed the whole town 
 They won't shoot you unless you try to 
 Come around and try to stomp on our ground 
 'Cause we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Said we takin' over, one city at a time 
 Listen! 
 Birdman dead, and I'm number one 
 Nigga came at me wrong so we got him done 
 Fuckin' with the family I'ma give him somethin' 
 Spent that co'ner, he didn't run 
 Sunday had a whole church singin' a song 
 "Why'd they have to send my baby home?" 
 Fuckin' with some niggas, that paper long 
 Been a G in the game now my son on the throne 
 I am the beast 
 Feed me rappers or feed me beats 
 I'm untamed, I need a leash 
 I'm insane, I need a shrink 
 I love brain, I need a leech 
 Why complain on easy streets? 
 I don't even talk, I let the Visa speak 
 And I like my Sprite Easter pink 
 And my wrist special par but the mule's cooler 
 I have more jewels than your jeweler 
 Touch and I will bust your medulla 
 That's a bullet hole, it is not a tumor 
 Red like red like stop your rumors 
 I stay on track like a box of Pumas 
 Now just r-r-rock with Junior 
 I am the little big Kahuna, ya dig?