Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 Comin' from the southside but it's like ghetto 
 I got a zebra in my house and a antelope 
 Been round the world, do a jet, so Steve Angelo 
 Rockin' white gold, pink gold and the yellow 
 Was a busy man that used to wanna rock echoes 
 See the crib, kept the shit so art decor 
 Another one, that's another dove placed special 
 I make 'em feel so good that she can't say no 
 Uh, gettin' wasted at my rap party 
 I coulda shagged her and shoulda shagged Carley 
 Venice at the weekend with my black Barbie 
 Feel like Beckham, let me get it, yeah the black Carley 
 Uh, she wear the cape, tastin' calamari 
 Love AJ, but I can't stand the Marley 
 Get a Visa, I ain't never been to [?] 
 Passin' out like LeBron, ain't [?] 
 Uh, you see the hits? Lightwork 
 Long setters, got bars, I'm a lifer 
 I just do it for the kids, tell Michelle Pfeiffer 
 I'm gettin' paid, me and Mitch left Mekhi Pfeiffer 
 Uh, we made love but I never wifed her 
 Uh, got a BET and I ain't never done Cypher 
 Hatin' on us 'cause we young rich 
 No more pussy ni**as we don't really fuck with 
 You see the hits? Lightwork 
 You see the hits? Lightwork 
 Drop the beat then she might twerk 
 You see the hits? Lightwork 
 Yeah, black boys gettin' white paper 
 I'm flickin' on my Periscope, like hi, hater 
 From the underground, now we in the skyscraper 
 Got a wicked white ting like a money ranger 
 Uh, she look good but sound amazin' 
 That's left as filled as a foundation 
 When my dogs out, where my Alsatians? 
 Fur coat 'cause 101 Dalmatians 
 We gettin' million skank tings 
 Got 10 gold chains, each for every grand kid 
 Been defense but I'm never unaccountin' 
 You ain't got a watch, cry if these rappers actin' 
 She like the fact that I'm hard workin' 
 I hold them pigs that they can't search him 
 Try to bury me alive but they can't murk him 
 I just got a number one, this is us workin' 
 Uh, you see the hits? Lightwork 
 Long setters, got bars, I'm a lifer 
 I just do it for the kids, tell Michelle Pfeiffer 
 I'm gettin' paid, like when Chris left Billy Piper 
 Uh, bustin' dope, do a little climb 
 I got broads in Atlanta that like by Desiigner 
 Uh, now these haters wanna jump ship 
 No more pussy ni**as we don't really fuck with 
 You see the hits? Lightwork 
 You see the hits? Lightwork 
 Drop the beat then she might twerk 
 You see the hits? Lightwork 
 You see the hits? Lightwork