(Guy Sebastian:) 
 Why'd you have to give up? (Why? Why? Why?) 
 Why'd you have to give up now, when we were so close? 
 When we were so close 
 I swear this could've been us (Why? Why? Why?) 
 Imagine where we'd be right now 
 'Cause we were so close 
 Yeah, we were so close 
 (Tinie Tempah:) 
 Wow, few years ago, we were on the radio that weren't legal 
 Now you're scary yo, take control of your ego 
 This love so fake to the mandem now 
 When I came with my sound, I made the mandem proud 
 You used to be comfortable just tryna be the best in your area 
 I was never satisfied, I'm tryna be the best in this era 
 You said you'd been depressed, you was re-addressing your career 
 So I took a UberX when I could've came in my Carrera 
 Just to make you feel better 
 Just to make you feel worth something I showed you that I cared 
 I admit that I went ghost and didn't phone you for two years 
 Ain't easy breaking through glass ceilings, we fighting wars out here 
 We fighting wars out here, yeah, out round about here 
 So it's okay for shade lights those sorta shells I wear 
 Yeah, 'cause if I lose the fame, don't know whose to blame 
 Might probably do the same 
 Last level of a computer game, you can't [?] 
 But don't lose faith, it ain't too late 
 (Guy Sebastian:) 
 This fight ain't even over, the bell didn't even ring 
 There's no blood on the towel, so why'd you throw it in 
 You could've tried believing but you're leavin' 
 You could've tried believing but you're leavin' 
 (Tinie Tempah:) 
 Ah, living in [?] billing up ganja 
 Tryna get bigger on Myspace, bigger on Tumblr 
 So a little bit of myself in you, you was just a bit younger 
 Switching line and ringing my phone, I'm private number 
 Told me you is ready for the world, yeah I can see you had a hunger 
 Said I'm gonna make them respect me, like Dizzie and DJ Wonder 
 Remember how your wifey went on stage, got a bit drunker 
 Didn't wanna share no limelight, no you wanna steal my thunder 
 Triple my net worth, 'cause I'm rich in karma 
 Even let you come to my studio, get you [?] 
 Always showed love as an artist 
 Celebrate it when you charted 
 Then you started going on [?] wonder why the hype never lasted 
 You can tell lies for a whole life time but the truth is a bastard 
 [?] them times when you at your darkest 
 Now apart from your African friend's house, you ain't seen no red carpet 
 Had a whole world in your finger tips, now it's all way past it 
 (Guy Sebastian:) 
 This fight ain't even over, the bell didn't even ring 
 There's no blood on the towel, so why'd you throw it in 
 You could've tried believing but you're leavin' 
 You could've tried believing but you're leavin' 
 Why'd you have to give up? (Why? Why? Why?) 
 Why'd you have to give up now, when we were so close? 
 When we were so close 
 I swear this could've been us (Why? Why? Why?) 
 Imagine where we'd be right now 
 'Cause we were so close 
 Yeah, we were so close 
 (Bugzy Malone:) 
 (Yeah, Bugzy Malone) 
 I was sitting in the back of a car, tears rolling down my face 
 I didn't wanna cry but I know the streets aren't safe 
 I know the police don't play, they've gotta be on my case 
 There's only so many crimes that can take place before they observe it 
 I was on a reministic thing but I didn't wanna miss this time 
 I was studying, so I watched Gigg's, then I watched K Kokes, then I watched Nines 
 But when I say this, couldn't agree with this shit 
 I'm one of the realest out here, man make music, man don't bitch 
 So I jumped out the car, in a different town 
 Wiped off the tears, no turning around 
 Told myself, watch man I do my ting 
 They're gonna be like London's burning down 
 Gonna be like London's burning down 
 I've been grinding five years, four mixtapes, 1 EP; 
 Never got a retweet, watch how it changes now