Yeah, Yh this one is for you lot init. Hold tight all the wifeys hold tight all the females that stuck by their man through thick and thin. You know we ain't always our best init. And I know you had to put up with a lot of shit, you know what I mean. Hold tight flukes productions. Yeah all right let me tell you about someone real special. Oi listen 
 You ring me often night at precisely 9 tight no you're never off, but you were one time like ten o'clock, but that's life b and you are my wifey. You look right with your hair to the side blue jeans nice shoe and a yellow top. Like tunes from bashment to mellow rock. You're a real chick that's why I moved to you real quick, this is the real shit, I'mma settle with a real chick, anytime you call I'll be there quicker than Dorothy says click. 'Cause you make me feel shit I've never felt in my life if ever I see my life I'll wish forever you'd be my wife. 'Cause girl what ever you'll be I'll like and I mean everything. I plan to give you many rings and I don't mean phone calls I mean any bling, anything you want I'll try to make it possible, 'cause I've got fame and fam but without you it's like I've lost it all. Your sexy Jamaican roots make you cook that hot and not just only that 'cause your South American side brings out your back off. And I would advise those other guys to back off 'cause you'll be pissed when I can't have the hold of the back off or take the tints and the tax off. Your chicks like the porch with the wax off, she's ridable. But my chick has wax neons and tints, she's ridable. I'm getting sick off making love tunes to make love to, so I'm gonna do this 1 more tune and send it out to the thugs to it's for the wife's 
 Yeah you know I got love for all women init, white, black, Asian, fat and small. You know I make her feel like. Yeah I got her feeling real happy do you know what I mean, got her feeling like she's on cloud nine. You know when I leave her she's like. It's just one of them ones init got her all dancing in the night playing with flowers all with this nature and shit. You know when I call her she's like. Do you what I mean were doing the shit proper like. Got love for the women you know what I mean 
 You just excite me, when they say there's no breh like me. I didn't believe in the one but this female just like me. She's like me she likes a slice of mango in her ice cream and dress all smart with the right jeans so her and me are a tight team. I'm feeling her and it might seem, like I'm in love B. When she gets moved and the way she's like see him there that's my hubby and trust me we have many plans so I don't care for any man, which breh can move to my chick I don't think any can. This chick is like my night night and you know how Kano spoke about her. I like her too much to leave 'cause I feel like there's no hope without her. See this chick is my baby girl and you might find us one day in Sainsburys holding a baby girl who's calling me the sunshine is among us let's leave others in the rain. I like it when you come in clothes the colour of your name, but I'm sick of making love tunes to make love to, so I'm gonna do this one more tune and send it out to the thugs too. It's for the wives