Let me go... [x12] 
 Girl I never thought that you would be my ex 
 What we had was so so deeper then sex 
 And I threw it all away for just one night 
 From the streets to the sheets 
 Damn, why the hell I cheat? 
 Because of me, your favourite song is "To The Left" 
 I want you back but I know there's nothing left 
 And girl I swear it's like you haunting me inside 
 I'm doing everything I can to get you off my mind 
 I'm doing everything I can to shake you 
 Still see your face when I know you ain't there 
 You're like a ghost, you haunt me like a ghost 
 Ghost, you haunt me like a ghost 
 All I wanna do is... I wanna move on but I gotta get my mind off you 
 But if you still in love, tell me why's it so hard to do? 
 You're like a ghost, you haunt me like a ghost 
 Ghost, you haunt me like a ghost 
 Girl I never ever wanted to... 
 Imagine my life without you 
 Tell me why did I have to be such a fool 
 When you play with love, you gonna lose 
 Now wherever I go, it feels like you're there with me 
 Even when I'm with her, it's your face I see 
 And all I wanna do is get you off my mind girl 
 Wish I could go back in time and make everything right, but... 
 I'm going everything I can to shake you 
 Still see your face when I know you ain't there (you ain't there) 
 You're like a ghost, you haunt me like a ghost (yeah babe) 
 Ghost, you haunt me like a ghost (leave me alone) 
 All I wanna go is... I wanna move on but I gotta get my mind off you (gotta get over you babe) 
 But if you still in love, tell me why's it so hard to go (no) 
 You're like a ghost, you haunt me like a ghost (ghost yeah) 
 Ghost, (ghost yeah) you haunt me like a ghost 
 Let me play it for you baby 
 Ooh... 
 Let me go... [x13] 
 I'm going everything I can to shake you 
 Still see your face when I know you ain't there 
 You're like a ghost, you haunt me like a ghost 
 Ghost, you haunt me like a... 
 All I wanna do is... I wanna move on but I gotta get my mind off you 
 But if you still in love, tell me why's it so hard to do? (why is it so hard to do?) 
 You're like a ghost, you haunt me like a ghost (Ooh) 
 (Ooh) Ghost, you haunt me like a ghost, you haunt like a ghost, you haunt me like a ghost 
 You haunt me like a ghost 
 Ghost... [x4] (all I wanna do is get over you baby) 
 Ghost... [x3] (stop haunting me baby) 
 Ghost... [x7] (wish I could go back but I can't... can't get you off my mind... oh... oh baby) 
 Gotta get 
 Gotta get over you... [x6]