Dialogue: 
 Man, Lord. Just got so much hurt 'n' pain inside me, you know what I'm 
 Sayin'? People think just 'cause I got records or sumpin' I don't feel hurt n' 
 Pain, huh, thinkin' I ain't human or sumpin', God can you help me out? 
 Lyrics: 
 Lord how much longa' I gotta' take this, playa haten' and gettin' stabbed 
 Behind my back, I'm frustrated, feelin' mentally incarcerated. I'm 
 Suffocating gasping for oxygen so I can breathe, at times I'm prayin' for God 
 To take me away feelin' I'm ready to leave, this world of misery, jealousy, 
 Hurt 'n' pain. But I gotta maintain even though to live is Christ, to die is 
 Gain. I'm feelin' lonely God wrap your arms around a solider, and hold me 
 Tight because this world just keeps on gettin' colder. Wipe the painful tears 
 Fallin' from these lonely eyes. Got one of my friends betray me then proceed 
 To tell these lies, I'm tellin' the truth at times I feel, that don't nobody 
 Care? That's why I cry at night when I'm on my knees alone in prayer. See I 
 Be in a comrade stuck in a world zone holdin' on to my mission, but at times I 
 Wish God wouldn't have placed me in this opposition, cause people love me, but 
 At the same time some despise me, and it's drivin' me insane full of all this 
 Hurt 'n' pain! 
 I feel rejection, lonliness, hurt 'n' pain. God can you take away the hurt n' 
 Pain? A solider strugglin' up in this game. So God can you take away the 
 Hurt 'n' pain? <Repeat> 
 I'm havin' visions, wakin' up screamin', frightened, sweatin' and dramatized 
 Thinkin' about when they broke in my house and tried to take my life. I 
 Remember layin' in my bathtub, full of blood, thinkin' to myself, is there any 
 Love left in this world? Cause nowadays, there's so much division, that's why 
 Half of my homies dead and the others spend their days in the prison. The 
 Devil keep temptin' me, fillin' my mind with evil thoughts, but I'm gonna 
 Prevail even though everyone would said I'd fail. My own homies talk about 
 Me, claimin to be my partners, but then behind my back, they bad-mouth me. 
 Now tell me Judas why you do me like Cain did to Abel. I showed you love and 
 Put the food up on your family's table. Why you be jabberin' and spreadin' 
 Lies behind my back, I helped you when you was down and got you back on track. 
 Is you a friend or foe? Tell me 'cause I need to know. Or is you down because 
 I bring my two shows and make that dough. If that's the case then homey, 
 Here's some change, go play the lotto. Cause my crew tight just like them 
 Corks that be on champagne bottles, can you feel me? I full of all this hurt 
 N' pain, the sunshines gone, so God please guide me through the storms and 
 Rain. 
 I kept so many tears, thought appears, that was down me for the last few 
 Years. Playa haten a brother but worse I heard it with my own ears. Dear 
 God, can you rescue me? From all this hurt 'n' pain, backstabbin', playa 
 Haten, lyin' and jealousy. At times I feel that I can't go on, but I gotta be 
 Strong, I'm willin' to die for what I believe in just like John. You wrong, 
 If you think I be in this for the dough, like Robert DeNiro, and Joe Pesci up 
 In Casino, move to Reno, if that's what your intentions be. Don't try to use 
 The name of God so that you can come up on some quick money, dummy, ain't 
 Nuttin' funny, them lies bring hurt 'n' pain, so keep my name up out your 
 Devilish lies and realize! 
 <Chorus> then Dialogue 
 Lyrics by T-Bone