Keep on praisin', liftin' up your name, to live in Christ, to die is gain. 
 <Repeat> 
 Growin' up in the cold world this industry's cloggin' up my brain, got 
 Memories of when gospel rap wasn't about money or the fame. Remember when it 
 Used to be strictly ministry? Now it's all about who's at the top of the 
 Industry. Everyone is jealous, full of hate, greed, and envy, now-a-days, I 
 Don't even know who my own friends be. Be criticized, talked about and stabbed 
 Behind my back and playa haters still tryin' to bag gospel rap. My heart goes 
 Out to the streets, I'm to reach a thugs and that is why you be warmin' up the 
 Church seats. But you don't hear me though, turn and look the other way, but 
 That's OK, I know God would listen to what I gotta say. I can't lie though, 
 At times I feel like givin' up when all this hurt 'n' pain inside me starts 
 Buildin' up. I start cryin', but God shows me love, even if I never, ever win 
 The dove, I'm'a keep on praisin'! 
 Pick up my cross and I'm'a follow you, even if my boys stay behind and I'm the 
 Only one in my crew. To be man enough to say, "God here I am." But people 
 Always quick to judge, they don't understand. They talkin' about I ain't 
 Real, but who are you to judge me? God be the only one who knows just what I 
 Feel. So many rappers now-a-days, caught up in competition, that's why gospel 
 Rap be full of so much division. Believe me when I say, it breaks my heart to 
 Think that we was once in unity, but now we're all but torn apart. It's not 
 About how many records we've sold, it's all about how many save souls. Can 
 You feel me? Tears ran down my eyes yesterday as I heard about 2-Pac's death, 
 Is there anyone left to say, "Lord, I'm'a stand in the gap." My peoples, is 
 You with me, where you at, 'cause I'm'a keep on praisin'! 
 And even though they critizize me, talk behind my back, and tell me hurtful 
 Words. Till the day I'm dead, and in my grave, it's God I'm gonna' serve. So 
 Go ahead and talk about me and spread your lies. You the one accountable for 
 Every tear when I cry. I shed so many tears for so many years, God can you 
 Help me? I'm tryin' to reach all my peers and if you don't hear, I'm'a try 
 Harder, even if I die from bulletshots like a martyr. This world be drivin' 
 Me hysterical, God I need a miracle, devil keep tryin' to hit me when I wanna 
 Get 'em spiritual, lyrically, I'm praisin' God with every word that I speak. 
 You heard me, but I gotta turn the other cheek. 'Cause vengeance ain't mine, 
 Vengence belongs to the Lord. We gotta come together, one mind and one 
 Accord. So to those who have ears, let 'em listen to what I'm sayin' but even 
 Without you I'm'a keep on praisin'! 
 Lyrics by T-Bone