Let's break it out all of this black-on-black, brown-on-brown, in every town, 
 Because I'm sick of seeing my people's sketches scattered all over the ground. 
 Since these murders occur every single day, so put the gun away because I want 
 To live to see another day. A happy day. Where there's peace between 
 Nations, love within races and no division in the congregations. No more 
 Pimps and drug dealers on every corner. A homeless people struggling with no 
 Homefreeze and they pump for quarters. I am talkin' about a world of peace, 
 With no mo' closed caskets if you know rows like most of my homies that have 
 Been deceased. No more murderers, diseases, or suicides, it's time we all 
 Wake up and wipe the mucus from my sleepy eyes. And straighten things out 
 Like a ruler 'cause nowadays, the cart we juggle is full of hate, killas, and 
 Runaways. I'm sick of it, so I'll be the first brother to shout, let's 
 Straighten it out 'cause together we can work it out. 
 Let's straighten it out, from the west side to the east side. 
 Let's straighten it out, from the north side to the south side. 
 Let's straighten it out, from the east side to the west side. 
 Let's straighten it out, from the south side to the north side. 
 I wish somebody would tell me why, we can't just straighten out all this mess, 
 At times I think, my fat should be a bulletproof vest. Got all these homies 
 Claiming south side, west side, east side, north side, Asian, Black, and Brown 
 Pride. It seems that there's no mo hope, my own people's send me their guns 
 And try to push me the dope, I can't cope. But I gotta, why? Because I'm 
 Sick of all the shots ringing from the sixty-fo and hollas. Remember where we 
 Was familia, where we could kick it and not worry about your own kind killin' 
 Ya'. Seems like all we care about is money and fame, drugs in the game, it's 
 Killin' me softly like Lauren from the Fugees sang. Man, what's it gonna take 
 For us to grow up, before love is the only gang sign we throw up? 'Cause all 
 Our peoples headin' straight for the morgue unless we put down the guns and 
 Start to trust in the Lord, let's straighten it out! 
 I wonder what could make a man, hit a woman, wit' a ferious hand. Somebody 
 Tell me because I just don't seem to understand. And then we wonder why y'all 
 Kids is bangin' with none at home, it seems the parents is the one givin' they 
 Kids a trainin'. Beatin' em' down, with your fists and a buckle of a belt. 
 To prideful to accept that you needed some serious help. So you kept strikin' 
 Like thirsty bats straight out of Hell, but what you did was wrong, stop and 
 Listen to my song. It breaks my heart in two when I see the things you put 
 Them through. Why do you do all the harmful things that you do? Spiritually 
 Guided with deceive and rags on both your wives, not knowin' you was led by 
 Demons when you made them cry. But you didn't quit till they finally ran 
 Away from home. Then your wife left you too, and now your sad and all alone. 
 Just thinkin' about everything your family could have been, so now your 
 Squeezin' the trigger to leave this life of sin. 
 Lyrics by T-Bone