(Black Rob) 
 Yo I'm gettin' ready to put y'all up on somethin' man 
 (What's goin' on yo) 
 Yo, when you see somethin' ill (uh-huh) 
 Knahmean? That shit is Whoa (that's what whoa means) 
 Anything ill you see is Whoa (uh-huh) 
 Nigga have a big 6 at the curb that's Whoa (okay?) 
 Especially if he got the fully equipped kit on it; it's Whoa 
 Like youknowhatImean? Like yo... 
 I had this bad bitch Uptown, she was Whoa! 
 Had me fucked up in the head I mean Whoa! 
 Bought the bitch diamonds and pearls I mean Whoa! 
 Shoulda seen them shits shinin on her wrist, Whoa! 
 Now money ain't a problem, see my dough is like Whoa! 
 Pulled out my bankroll on y'all niggaz like Whoa! 
 Floss the blue shrimp from two-tenth like Whoa! 
 Faggot wanna peep my blueprints, I'm like Whoa! 
 Had to hit the brakes on y'all niggaz like Whoa! 
 Niggaz gettin' pulled on my block like Whoa! 
 Comin' home within a half an hour like Whoa! 
 Frontin like they had the manpower like Whoa! More or less 
 More or so, I'll rip your torso 
 I live the fast life, come through in the Porshe slow like Whoa! 
 My niggaz - like dough, light 'dro 
 Nitro, might flow, nice clothes like Whoa! 
 {*Inhales through nose*} Ease pain with cocaine like Whoa! 
 Now I'm Doc Strange in the Range like Whoa! (They don't know me) 
 Hundred miles an hour, switchin lanes like Whoa! 
 Plus I'm gettin' brain from this chick like Whoa! 
 Finger near a nigga asshole like Whoa! 
 Scene floss riches and bitches like Whoa! 
 Nine-nine Jag Benz Coupe like Whoa! 
 Keep them cheese lines on youe blocks like Whoa! 
 Grenade through your window bitch, like Whoa! 
 Love to see me do this shit, like Whoa! 
 Niggaz put me through this shit, like Whoa! 
 So I'ma go toe to toe, blow for blow like Whoa! 
 And rip your torso 
 Live the fast life, come through in the Porshe slow like Whoa! 
 My niggaz - like dough, light 'dro 
 Nitro, might flow, nice clothes like Whoa! 
 We bag it, then flip it like Whoa! 
 Cars we jack it then strip it like Whoa! 
 Fully equip it, front to back, like Whoa! 
 Spittin' on fiends that come for crack like Whoa! 
 Askin for shorts and shit nigga like Whoa! 
 Half on his krunk, now nigga that's Whoa! 
 Flow so properly you'll see I'm Whoa! 
 Ain't no stoppin' me, I'm deep like Whoa! 
 Guns be poppin' B, we creep like Whoa! 
 Hear my name in these streets it's like Whoa! 
 Must I pound the concrete like Whoa! 
 Fill his bitch ass, head to feet like Whoa! 
 Your man ain't Whoa! The judge ain't Whoa! 
 C.O.'s ain't Whoa! P.O.'s ain't Whoa! 
 Play y'allself I get the G.I. Joe 
 D-I-C, K riders ain't Whoa! 
 I'll rip your torso 
 Live the fast life, come through in the Porshe slow like Whoa! 
 My niggaz - like dough, light 'dro 
 Nitro, might flow, nice clothes like Whoa! 
 Niggaz gettin' money in VA is Whoa! 
 Honeys lookin' right in ATL is Whoa! 
 Niggaz pimpin' hoes in Chi-Town is Whoa! 
 Bitches takin' paper in L.A. is Whoa! 
 Niggaz stacking dough in D.C. is Whoa! 
 P.R. D.R. hold me down like Whoa! 
 Ballers in Detroit hold me down like Whoa! 
 Niggaz in New Orleans gettin' money is Whoa! 
 Boston and Jersey, muh'fuckers is Whoa! 
 Florida niggaz and Philly niggaz is Whoa! 
 Tampa and Texas, Cleveland is Whoa! 
 Memphis and Lil' Rock, my niggaz is Whoa! 
 Panama niggaz they hold me down like Whoa! 
 My New York peoples they hold me down like Whoa! 
 Bad Boy nigga, word is bond we Whoa! 
 Alumni bitches, word is bond we Whoa! 
 N.C, S.C., motherfuckers is Whoa! 
 My nigga Buckwild, word is bond he Whoa! 
 Uh... and that's just how the story go... 
 And whoever I forgot on this shit is, Whoa! 
 Aww man, Whoa! 
 Eighth street, Life Stories (Whoa!) 
 P.D.P.R., that nigga... 
 The beat I got from big Buckwild is Whoa! 
 That nigga Black Rob on the mic is Whoa! 
 My whole fuckin' flow on the mic is Whoa! 
 {*Music fades*}