(Black Rob) 
 We gon' take this all around the world 
 Yo, I'm 'bout ready to put y'all up on something else, man 
 (Whatcha gon' put us up on, man?) 
 Yo, this part two of the raw (We ain't never gonna stop) 
 Okay, y'all know what this is 
 The remix, you know what I mean? (Life Stories) 
 All right, anything ill you see it's Whoa! (I know that) 
 Like for instance, Black Rob is Whoa! (Oh no doubt) 
 And Bad Boy is Whoa! (No doubt) 
 And that's it, man, word up 
 (Rah Digga) 
 Digga on a Black Rob track like Whoa! 
 Brick City where we smack cops back like Whoa! 
 My whole crew dime pieces in the Jeep like Whoa! 
 Juicy lips, big tits, pussy deep like Whoa! 
 Don't trip, on the mic I'm the bitch like Whoa! 
 Be the illest when I spit, see my flicks like Whoa! 
 Chicken heads wanna know where I shop like Whoa! 
 Rah single knocking niggas out they socks like Whoa! 
 Everywhere honey go, cats jock me like Whoa! 
 Digga puttin' TVs on the cotties like Whoa! 
 Rah first featured on The Score like Whoa! 
 Whores tried to run up on my draws like Whoa! 
 C'mon, Digga got smoke and I freaked the funk 
 H-Town where they lean, ATL where they crunk like Whoa! 
 Shouts to everybody I know 
 High pro, nice toes, Rah shows, tight flows like Whoa! 
 (Lil' Cease) 
 Cease come through with the E-Pills like Whoa! 
 A bunch of white hoes following like Whoa! 
 They pulling my pants down, shit, I'm like Whoa! 
 They giving me head now, we all like Whoa! 
 Bust off, she swallowed the whole nut, I'm like Whoa! 
 The bitch was thick, the back drop was like Whoa! 
 Daddy, long stroke, give it to 'em like Whoa! 
 Cease-a-Lee bad with a phone like Whoa! 
 My four-four blow silently like Whoa! 
 Cock it back, squeeze one more time like Whoa! 
 You wanna be B.I.G., nigga, picture that Whoa! 
 I'ma fry yo' ass, right where you set it at Whoa! 
 Your flow ain't Whoa! Your crew ain't Whoa! 
 Your ice ain't Whoa! Your Benz ain't Whoa! 
 Black Rob, M.A.F.I.A., smoke 'dro 
 Get dough, nice hoes, nice clothes like Whoa! 
 (G-Dep) 
 G-Dep spit fire like Whoa! (G-Dep, let's go) 
 Bust two shots through your tire like Whoa! 
 Tyin' up the getaway driver like Whoa! 
 Frontin' like you live, but we liver like Whoa! 
 Gettin' electrified trying to touch it like Whoa! 
 You reach wrong, might lose your arm like Whoa! 
 Got the detanator in my palm like Whoa! 
 3-2-1 hit the bomb like Whoa! 
 I'm a beast, born in the Belly like Whoa! 
 Excursion, stolen perellies like Whoa! 
 I don't think there's nothing y'all can tell me that's Whoa! 
 So I'ma just wreck the show, get the dough like Whoa! 
 Wait! Stop the tape! 
 I live the fast life and I only stop for cake like Whoa! 
 My niggas, get dough, get low, hit 'dro, hit hoes, spit flows like Whoa! 
 (Da Brat) 
 When the coochie get wet, it's real juicy like Whoa! 
 You fuck up my check, I'm calling Lucy like Whoa! 
 I fell off in the club 20 deep like Whoa! 
 Lit up about five blunts a piece like Whoa! 
 When my new shit drop nigga, it's gon' be like Whoa! 
 When the 34-Bs fill up the bra they like Whoa! 
 When niggas see the size of my ass they like Whoa! 
 When the chrome rim shine on they neck they like Whoa! 
 Ugh! I swallow on every finger like Whoa! 
 Same bitch who said the goldier scent lingers like Whoa! 
 Nigga, what bitch is hotter, I'm most requested it like Whoa! 
 I'm "Unrestricted", mic perfected like Whoa! 
 The bitch got jazzy, I had to slap her like 
 (*Immitating slapping sounds*) 
 When niggaz ask me to rap for free I'm like nigga Whoa! 
 My niggaz, So So; Plat, Gold, Brat code 
 Flyin' bigga, type clothes Whoa! 
 (Beanie Sigel) 
 Sigel came to set up shop, you gotta ROLL! 
 Everytime I gotta step on the block, they like Whoa! 
 Them young 'uns see the print of the glock be like Whoa! 
 Everytime I'm spinning the block, they like Whoa! 
 Bitches talk about "Can I go?" I'm like NO! 
 I'm all about the dough, ain't got no time for no HOE! 
 You catch me on the block on my ground wit' these HOES! 
 Niggaz takin' nines up the nose straight FROZE! 
 Got 'em coming back every time like Whoa! 
 I got 'em doing petty ass crimes like Whoa! 
 They do anything for the coke like Whoa! 
 They know my shit fresh off the boat like Whoa! 
 I grips the fo-fo, hit your ass up 
 Come through in the truck slow like Whoa! 
 My niggas get dough, get locked 
 Get out, get low, get mo' like Whoa! 
 (Black Rob) 
 I hit to the scene in '95 like Whoa! (Romeo, Romeo) 
 Broke like a motherfuckin' dog like Whoa! 
 Robbin' niggaz cribs in Mid-Town like Whoa! 
 Plus I'm on the run from my PO like Whoa! 
 I remember spendin' shakes on the floor like Whoa! 
 Takin' niggaz' numbers and we flip it like Whoa! 
 Now y'all see the God on TV you like Whoa! 
 Doin' my dance wit' PD like Whoa! 
 Now I got the house and my whip it's like Whoa! 
 Jewels, every other ice clear like Whoa! 
 Shit, L.O.X. left and Ma$e retired like Whoa! 
 So I threw the label on my back like Whoa! 
 And more less, more so, I'll rip your torso 
 I live the fast life, come through in a X-5 like Whoa! 
 My niggas like dough, light dro', nitro, my flow, nice clothes like Whoa! 
 (Puff Daddy) 
 Yeah, uh uh, it ain't over yet, man 
 You know how them... the DJs... y'all gotta... 
 Spin it back around and start it from the top 
 I ain't gonna make you do that on this remix 
 We gon' keep it goin' 
 We gon' give you a little taste... 
 Of Whoa! young guns... 
 Bad Boy baby 
 We won't stop, 'cause we can't stop 
 Ah! 
 (Shyne) 
 Whoa! Keep the stainless on my hip like Whoa! 
 Shoulda seen the bitches tits like Whoa! 
 Put it to your face for the cake like Whoa! 
 Expert, six to your shirt like Whoa! 
 Sin is a problem in Harlem like Whoa! 
 Born in BK wit a dick like Whoa! 
 Got wit BR, spit a bar like Whoa! 
 D's on my back, spit the gats like Whoa! 
 Had to cool off, smokin' Newports Whoa! 
 Did the video that had the feds like Whoa! 
 Flow off the heezy talkin' weezy like Whoa! 
 She's a G.B., so she easy like Whoa! 
 Shit, God bless, for the dough, I pop the pussy 
 Come through in a Volvo like Whoa! 
 ?? Roll, hydro, five-oh, high low, split the funds like Whoa!? 
 (Petey Pablo) 
 I'm from the dirty, filthy nasty dirty Whoa! 
 North Carolina, I don't know shit Whoa! 
 This shit be good too 'em ?? like Whoa! 
 Smoke neckbones and a pot of rice Whoa! 
 I know I ain't right, but motherfucker I'm Whoa! 
 Hit you with a Jackie Chan chop like Whoa! 
 Chase you with a half a water pipe like Whoa! 
 Y'all keep actin' like y'all niggas can't get it Whoa! 
 Fuck around and hafta loose your balance like Whoa! 
 'Cause I'll slap the coochie fire out ya like Whoa! 
 Man, let's get this motherfucker crunk like Whoa! 
 And tear this fuckin' club the fuck up like Whoa! 
 More or less, more so, I'll kick your asshole 
 I +AM+ the fast life come through in a dump truck like Whoa! 
 My people like my flow, nice clothes like Whoa! 
 (Madd Rapper) 
 I really hate you fuckin' guys the Madd Rapper's like Whoa! 
 Ain't gotta fuckin' die, my shit they happen like Whoa! 
 I'm coming after yo' ice, gon' pull a heist, you like Whoa! 
 'Cause I'm in Family Court, my daughter mom, she needs DOUGH! 
 Brooklyn niggas ride trains, we steal your chains you like UGH! 
 I steal your mics and pull the plugs at your shows you like WHA! 
 Your new Timbs, I'm steppin' all on your toes, you like Whoa! 
 I hate you niggas, spill my drink on your clothes you like WHA! 
 I got a 20 of trash, y'all smokin' 'dro I'm like Whoa! 
 And I'm bootleggin' your albums, I need the dough, you like Whoa! 
 I know y'all hearin my shit, y'all know my shit, I'm like Whoa! 
 "Well, my album caught a brick", I'm fairly sick, I'm like Whoa! 
 No sales, no plaques, no shows, no world tours 
 I live a rap life so I'm trying to live yours" I'm like Whoa! 
 My niggas, Black Rob, Bad Boy, Crazy Cat, Madd Rapp' 
 And that's that I'm like Whoa! 
 (Puff Daddy) 
 Bad Boy 2000 Whoa! 
 We're back 
 We ain't never going to stop (Life Stories) 
 Joe Hooker is like Whoa! 
 Shot back is like Whoa! 
 Black Rob is like Whoa! 
 Alumni 
 Bad Boy baby Whoa! 
 M.A.F.I.A. 
 Queen Bee Whoa! 
 D-Dot 
 Family Whoa! (This the remix y'all) 
 Now we ain't never gon' stop 
 Whoa! 
 Bad Boy is like Whoa! 
 We been like Whoa! for 10 years 
 Just bounce