I'm in my Fubu drawers, she in her gown 
 Is it some cats tryin'a have at me or is it the canine and the batteram 
 Plannin' on splittin' my crown but it ain't gone be too simple 
 See I'm a baller, I've got bars around the windows, Rottweilers, pits, Akitas 
 Doberman Pinchers taped up in the yard With a sign on the fence that reads 
 Warning - Beware of Dogs 
 Leap like a frog if you feel froggish, nigga leap 
 Like to neglect my dogs, starve 'em, sometimes they don't eat 
 Elroys questioning me about my triple beam - officer, I got proof! 
 Po-Po! That's for weighing nuts and fruits! 
 Run with a whole bunch of rugged-ass rowdy knuckleheads - know what I mean 
 Big niggas - the size of a football team 
 I wear these glasses so I can look like a square but if you ever see me in a 
 Fight with a bear, don't help me, nigga help the bear! Me and my whales, we be 
 Coonin' - but see you the type of nigga that go in the back room and Beep 
 Yo'self and act like yo' pager's boomin 
 (B-legit commentary) 
 I'll have you know ever since I was ankle low to a centipede's toe I always 
 Wanted to flow play pro baseball Weepolization family, that's my favorite sport 
 But instead I'm back and forth to jail and in and out of court 
 Serious about my rock shrine I don't give a fuck how much courage juice you 
 Had, nigga yo' mug don't mean like mine - I bring the noise like a cymbal 
 I fuck with 40 nem, make ya stick yo' pistol out the window 
 Y'all otta see me at the state fair showin' off in front of my broad tryin'a 
 Win my little nieces 
 One of the biggest stuffed animal prices there 
 Nickname is Charlie but my street name is EARL! 
 Ballaholic like Felix Mitchell newphew little Darryl 
 I know the streets like the task force know dope 
 I am the streets my ghetto pass can't be revoked 
 Ten percent I pay my tithe forgive me for my sins 
 Smoke a ounce a weed a day maybe that's why I ain't got no wind 
 (B-legit commentary) 
 You can call me Lawry's 'cause I'm seasoned I eat crevey - but not when it's 
 Bleedin' 
 Don't get me wrong I love sex but I don't play that part 
 I love Virginia - but not when the Virginia's tart 
 And if it's good then I might Dolce and Gabbana it 
 Gave yo' ass some bread and let you go buy up some shit 
 Callin' yo'self takin' advantage of my riches 
 I'm tryin'a be nice to yo' ass, I normally talk bad about you bitches 
 Inducted into the hall of game back in the via 
 Notorious for slappin' chicken heads upside they weava wit my nokia 
 Mayday mayday I can't call it all patrol cars and units be on the lookout for 
 The hillside finagler forty water the ballaholic 
 I'd rather fly than ride Amtrak! When I'm in Dallas I fuck with C-Bo and Go 
 Hard Black 
 Maka opera singer want to write some raps 
 I'm papered uuup! (like who?) Like a fax 
 (B-legit commentary) 
 If you's a ballaholic... you's a baller.