*Y'know in bein player, the new generation they don't understand what it's 
 Like to be a player. I mean everybody they like to be with money. So much 
 Money flowin around nowadays. People use money to get what they want.* 
 Verse 1: Passion 
 Mo' wheeled, the Bonnie and Clyde 
 Mobbin and pumpin till the day we die 
 But all you haters I'm in love wit a gangsta 
 And I will not stop, I bet you never would've thought 
 I be big-time ballin, cuttin' through the halls and 
 Strippin with the Gs, slippin niggas, please 
 Your baby girl's straight down with a hustler 
 Never gave the time of day to a buster 
 I'm all about pimpin' and I love to mack 
 Can't stand a silly nigga, nah to hell with that 
 So I need the kind of nigga that don't see no wrong 
 The pimpin' don't stop it goes on and on and... 
 Chorus: Passion 
 Straight up it's like that I'm a baller's lady 
 Don't trip if you don't understand 
 Verse 2: Passion 
 My nigga yeah I love him, place no one else above him 
 Only two in my crew, me and my true thugs and you 
 Straight up on the rise 
 You fools better recognise (spit it) 
 Some don't understand how it be when you roll with an OG 
 So I gotta sneak to creep 
 But my nigga never sweat 'em but a beeyatch 
 Pimpin' ain't easy but it goes down like this 
 Verse 3: E-40, Passion 
 Huh, to all the broads dat be holding me, damn she loves me 
 Long as I keep poking up properly 
 So can you live up to your name girl? 
 I see you talk a good game girl! 
 If I was da seven can I get eight? (Can I get eight?) 
 Just buy you for goodness sake 
 I wanna splash in hashin, *?des-o-lust?* 
 Free Willy all up in them guts 
 Male chauvanist? No not me (no not me) 
 I put you on the track with a half a ki 
 Just bring me back my property and keep the rest of the money 
 And girl go on and treat yourself, go buyin all o' my *?Kamale*? 
 As soon as we get home you can 'ject my bone 
 All night long, right from wrong 
 Long Range Pimpin', L-R-P's 
 Got 'em over here, got 'em overseas 
 I say relate to nothing else, I need a player like myself 
 Because the nigga comes correct, gets off his back 
 A true G doin' what he's gotta do 
 He couldn't help that shit if he wanted to 
 It gets mo' and mo' better in the Sac 
 Doin' it like it should be, hittin it from the back 
 Look at me couple more times and one of dem nigga's just a mack 
 Wantin the 6-9 for a minute while he's down in my lap 
 It's all about pimpin' and he loves to mack 
 I'm down for my nigga 'cause he's straight like that 
 'Cause he's the kind of player that don't see no wrong 
 The pimpin' don't stop it goes on and on 
 Don't trip if you don't understand