Pushed in the game at a young age 
 Feel me touch me as I turn the page 
 A little past ten, roughly about 
 Eleven years old TRAPPED IN A GHETTO CAGE 
 My scratch is smellin sour and it's stinkin 
 Got a nigga seriously thinkin' 
 "How can I kill this odor, and purchase me a Lincoln?" 
 Minimum wage flippin patties - nope 
 I'd rather fuck around with Coca-Cola, yola 
 Ice cream, candy, granola, huh 
 Slave for men - that's what they told me 
 And I'll break you off somethin' suitable 
 Brought you a key of crack quicker than? 
 ? Recoupable 
 ? Future black and beautiful 
 My partners used to be plucked and ugly 
 Hangin' around them old squeegee boys 
 Man them the motherfuckers that have love for me 
 They straight cut for me 
 Deal me, touch me, L-O-V-E 
 E-to-the-F-to-the-R-T-Y 
 I spits the shit from the T-O-P 
 It's me, the E, droppin' it nuclear all the time 
 Motherfucker comin' from the motherfuckin MIND 
 Fuck you niggaz, you think I sell my soul 
 But I'm way too cold, motherfucker! 
 Chorus: LeVitti 
 Sittin' in my livin' room 
 Thinkin' of, a master plan 
 Tryin' to find a way out 
 HOW TO STACH the scratch 
 So I painted me a picture 
 Of a life, to make a dream 
 Can you feel me now 
 Ballin outta control, ballin outta control 
 Fresh off the showroom flo', bought me a ninety-fo' 
 Now I'm havin' long money, like Ross Perot, so take 
 Notes from a big ol' ? pimp, pretty much established 
 Livin' out of hand lavish 
 Throwin' parties? 
 With big time folks makin' big time cabbage 
 Become a savage, get swoll by ones 
 Twenty a drum's established 
 Six figure digits, just like I tell you like 
 I got the whole city sewed up in stitches 
 Your product'll win if you gots top grade 
 Keep, your law-yers and your bail bondsmen paid 
 The word on the street's is that I done came up too fast 
 Motherfuckers want a piece of my soul 
 Playa haters wanna cut my grass 
 You don't wanna bring your bitch 
 To what type of ? out of control sittin' on tickets 
 Million dollar spots, technology chops 
 And a motherfucker proud fool-assed ridiculous 
 Straight fuckin' 'em up like that, throw me my strap man 
 ? Feel me 
 Reverend would you put some blessin oil on my head 
 And hear me 
 I never sell my soul 'cause I'm way too cold 
 Motherfucker! Ballin outta control 
 Interlud: LeVitti 
 This ol' game, kids they run 
 Never get a second chance 
 So take me to this world 
 Now there's always time, to getcha 
 I guess by now you get the picture 
 Of what I'm tryin' to say 
 I'm ballin outta control 
 "Niggaz trippin' off me 'cause I was a young motherfucker ballin" 
 "Every other fuckin' day I'm tellin' my SOHABS OUGHTTA quit" 
 "Niggaz trippin' off me 'cause I was a young motherfucker ballin" 
 "We can get it on, we can get it on" 
 "Niggaz trippin' off me 'cause I was a young motherfucker ballin" 
 "Forty-Water, straight lettin 'em know" 
 "Even though my pocket's fat and my belly's bigger... 
 Gots to come Sic-Sic-Sic-Wid-It" 
 Throw, the WHOLE 
 UNIT in a big ass gumbo pot 
 Full stir 
 Let it settle to make it lock 
 Horse races, trips to Vegas, frequent flier 
 "Whassup you timah, when your ass gonna retire?" 
 I ain't knowin' 
 Keep tellin' myself that I'ma call it quits 
 But I got myself 
 Too much motherfuckin cabbage out there runnin' in the streets 
 Lookin' up out the way for the one-time 
 Po-Po Penelope seriously concentratin 
 Noided as I watch the back for all of my chemistry 
 Cause fools be playa hatin' 
 Lucrative spots and blows, investments bonds and stocks 
 Esquired land and crops, techno chops and glocks 
 Cause niggaz be tryin' to make movies 
 When they get all in front of these bootch ass hoochies 
 I be like poppin' the cap like a hungry mother 
 I ain't even gon' lie I'm to' 
 Twoasted, looped, to' back, souped 
 Plastered, puked, on the get back fully recouped 
 Fuck these niggaz they think I'll sell my soul 
 But I'm way too cold, motherfucker!