(Jayo Felony) 
 Forty-WADAHHHHHHHHH! 
 Eh... (eh..) YEA! 
 We do this for life ya dumb fucks, y'all niggaz is dumptrucks 
 The type to bitch up, and getcha eyebrows plucked 
 Mark my words loco gon' have it like Motown's heyday 
 So dope they name us all twice like we, Pelle Pelle 
 You better be prepared to call me Bullet Loco Gorde 
 Pop my collar with none other than Earl-40 
 Square off on a square like it's high noon, 'cause I'm a tycoon 
 If you fuck with Sick Wid It y'all niggaz gon' die soon 
 I can't make a fiend do nothin' against they will 
 I just leave they eyes so yellow you see 'em and yield 
 Whoa -- spill the guts of the ones that's not real 
 So when you see me nigga scream out one shot kill 
 Gotta, spot on my shoe from all the blood we spill 
 I get it even if I don't want it nigga like free refills 
 Y'all don't wanna give us our props, y'all niggaz gon' get dropped 
 Nigga fuck hip-hop, nigga this CRIP-hop {*gunshot*} WHAT? 
 Chorus: E-40 + Jayo Felony (repeat 2X) 
 Pimp'n why you splurgin? ('Cause I can) 
 Why you go up in my bitch? (Nigga 'cause I can) 
 Why you smokin' all that broccoli? ('Cause I can) 
 Why everybody think you rich? (Nigga 'cause I am!) 
 (E-40) 
 Motherfucker ?? grew up on the undertuckamajig 
 My destination control the block 
 Fast ass wad full of ones in my pocket 
 With a hundred dollar bill wrapped on top 
 Thirty-two shot extended clip to keep it trill when I pop 
 Durin the summer it's Zenith's but in the winter ride stock 
 Better believe us don't try to play us for false 
 'Cause it's not a game no way no how 
 Bullet Loco, Charlie Hustle and Major Payne nigga now 
 How you think peons try'na deallllllllll with it? 
 Fuck around and wind up gettin' killllllllled with it 
 Beotch! New booty rappers get penalized, and expedited 
 'Cause they don't think about they shit, before they write it 
 We don't sell narcotics with the po-po problems, playboy take a look 
 We off into real estate, CD's, millions of books 
 Used to be crooks still hang around crooks, dealers and ex-cons 
 Niggaz with Lucci from slangin that alcohol and shermon 
 Players with cake, pushin they weight, try to find the last trap 
 Transfer they bloody bread to llegal corporate scratch 
 What they want? 
 (C-Bo) 
 Are y'all fools ready for dis? It's for loco for sure I'll blast 
 With Bullet Loco and 40-Water we take your life then we haul ass 
 Tall cash stacked in the basement 
 Can't leave the house with less than a zip an a extra clip 
 Niggaz wanna know why I get down like this ain't that a bitch? 
 You see my, life on TV 'cause it's the daddy with the ?? and a P 
 Niggaz just can't seem to get away from PD while they surrounded me 
 And houndin me 'cause I ball hard, on parole in a double-R 
 Fifty to a hundred G's and je-wels on wrists 
 Nigga we ghetto stars 
 Shit my niggaz spent G's and push drop Bentleys 
 Remi Mark sippin, Cristal, X-O Hennesey 
 And better believe if we enemies we spray ya wit these 
 Every night at twelve have your whole motherfuckin city prayin' on knees 
 And still 40-Water pass the strap and I blast, Jayo hit the gas 
 Had to tear his whole motherfuckin head off tryin' to get to his stash 
 Every man they all man, quick to pull a lick out the Brougham 
 Only reason I rode down on that bitch ass nigga, is because I can!