(Feat. B-Legit) 
 (B-Legit) 
 Mobb shit biatch. 
 (E-40) 
 Biatch! Biatch! 
 (B-Legit) 
 This shit ain't went no where. (Trademark) 
 You understand me?? (Uh!) 
 It's like, when a muthafucka do his dirt, 
 It don't be no ordinary dirt, you understand me?? 
 A nigga do dirt bad. Check it out. 
 (E-40) 
 I took a, I took a, whole thang of ice cream, 
 A kilogram of birdie a unit, 
 Put the wammy on it, stepped on it, wit out ruinin it, or abusin it, 
 Like a muthafucka would supposed to 
 When there's a shortage on sumpthin, (on sumpthin), 
 That way I could get 'em off like hot cakes, 
 An you know there's plenty more where that comes from, 
 You see I know this one storage place that this one particular ball-ah, 
 Sneekin an keepin' his job-ah, 
 For you tardy unaware troopers 
 Now hoppin in the game truant ass niggas, 
 Biatch! biatch! yadda means powder 
 Yola, yola, ice cream candy, 
 Man that shit be comin' in handy, 
 But anyway, 
 Dude hella bootsy an he was juss askin to get robbed, 
 That's why me an my side went ahead 
 An pulled one of them 'ol inside jobs, 
 On his 'ol, move the show room, 
 Show me more Willie Fu-Fu put the red on his, 
 Put two on the ten, all protected an tryin' to impress a bitch, 
 Don't you know I'm all off pullin licks 
 On busta brown ass zarks like you, 
 Scopin an casin 2-11's an holdin' patience 
 (B-Legit) 
 I huddle wit the dogs up on defense day, 
 Lieutenants get the kicks, backwoods of the Yay, 
 Soldiers leave the place, so the cream I keep, 
 Six or seven g's every time I beep, 
 Hit the streets like I can't, plot fo the bank, 
 Fuck wit a boss, 'cause a pit got rank, 
 Make yo body stank, leave you lost in the woods, 
 A nigga from the hood, up to no damn good, 
 We ride Fleetwood, hit 'em dummied out, 
 Walk a clerk to the safe, an get the money out, 
 I'm on a money route, and all cash I claim 
 A nigga deep in this muthafuckin game. 
 Chorus- *(E-40 & B-Legit)* 
 187,211, 1-2-0-2-2's, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 457, 6-4-7-11, 3-5-0, 
 We doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt. 
 (E-40) 
 B-Legit from what I understand, his breath was stronger than his bite 
 (Beeeeee-yaaaaatch!) nigga was sellin mo wolf tickets 
 Than a sold out Lennox Lewis an Evander Holyfield fight, shit 
 We ain't no strong or soft niggaz, we savage damn it, 
 Like who?? like the crocodile hunter, 
 That crazy ass muthafucka named Steve, 
 Who caught me doin' dirt, 'cause I'm dirt cheap, 
 An I like to do most of my dirt when most of y'all be asleep 
 Down an dirty, 'specialy when I'm doin' dirt bad, 
 Pull akickdoe, run up in yo baby mama's pad. 
 (B-Legit) 
 I been it down from day uno, 
 Baby bottle full of pruno, 
 Knew I was the shit named B-Legit, 
 Had a thang fo bakin soda, an high info, 
 Couldn't wait to put the Vogues on a 7-8 rogue, 
 I'm on a telephone, my communicator, 
 On the track wit the team, gettin' hella paper, 
 Fuck a playa hata, see he cheats to win 
 An me, I be the B-Soft Gin, 
 'Cause I'm the man wit it, 
 Got the taste of blood, 
 So dirty when I'm wet that I turn to mud, 
 I smoke purple bud, 
 An make a hit hurt bad, 
 Ain't no tellin' when a nigga doin' dirt bad. 
 40-50, 45, 4-7-0, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 457, 6-4-7-11's 3-5-0, 
 We doin' dirt, uh, niggaz doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 Niggaz doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad. 
 Biatch! 
 (B-Legit) 
 We doin' dirt bad, me and Charlie Hustle, 
 Niggaz push up on us 'cause now we got the muscle, 
 Got they yay sewed up 
 An you gonna have to see us, 
 Either that or get hit, wit the millimeters, 
 Keep my burners on, 
 Ain't no peace out here, 
 A good place to leave yo whole fuckin' career, 
 So keep yo game near, 
 An don't cross game, 
 Until the list have your own fuckin' name. 
 (E-40) 
 Them badgers, 
 Them bitches, 
 Them batches, 
 The got my faulty tapped, 
 But the po-po's hate it, 
 'Cause I be talkin' in code, 
 Street slang, so they can't interpretate it, 
 An the only way that they gonna be able to interpretate 
 It is if they go out and get a reliable source, 
 Which is a snitch, a fuckin' affidavit 
 One that gives up very important valuable information to the vice 
 A rathead, a rathead, turns in they mama for the right price 
 Money hungry for bread, you wussy, willow ass, 
 Bitch-made niggaz workin for them, 
 It's hoes like you that got us doin' dirt bad. 
 Biatch! 
 187,211, 1-2-0-2-2's, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 457, 6-4-7-11, 3-5-0, 
 We doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, niggaz doin' dirt bad, 
 We doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad, 
 Niggaz doin' dirt, we doin' dirt bad. 
 Biiiiiiiiii-ayaaaaaaaaaaa-tch!