(Feat. The Federation) 
 Introducing... E-40... the almighty... 707... Rick Rock... Federation...(Whoooooo) 
 Go [x9] Hey hey. 
 Go hard [x2] 
 (E-40) 
 Ooh... Verbal vomit... I keep one on it 
 Not the scrill but you can call me ebonics 
 Sideshows goin' nutty dumbin out 
 Take the wrong turn and get your roof stomped out 
 Old school vans doors open, me and my coupe 
 And some stoners we get high like Shaggy from Scooby Doo 
 I'm whiskeyed, I'm hit, I ain't go no patience 
 But I'm a couple tacos short of a combination 
 Ooh... Get on your head like a shavel ? from the gravel 
 When them scams dope deals be goin' south 
 Look how swivel the metal flower want the fast quarter fuck us for niggas 6 bucks an hour 
 From the rooter to the tooter He's the driver I'm the shooter 
 Don't be fuckin' with my goon 
 Orgasms, high pots, and trill phones, sidekicks and ringtones 
 Go hard or go home 
 Go hard... 
 Go hard or go home 
 (Goldie) 
 ? To the moon I coon like high school 
 My goons take no prisoners... what fool 
 What's beef. (Niggas want E-40 on a fat verse) 
 Swingin' through the drive-through, smash the front 
 Jackin' off. If you're from the Yay, that's what. 
 Open up the doors, go (go) ? 
 Sick, Monkey on my back 
 Psychos on my milk, won't let me go 
 Down my throat, Yes (yes), 'cause ('cause), buzz (buzz) 
 What (what), I (I), go (go), numb (numb) 
 Slack folks like Droop-E too 
 Put thumb on the back like Rick on the NPC 
 We jumpin' on the top, man, scrape hella cool 
 3 or 4 niggas tryina cave in a room 
 (Stress) 
 Little purp, cuss like a sailor 
 Hand on my waist in the 2-man tailor 
 Get rich, hate being bold 
 My bitch keep askin for juicy? 
 In the club, you know we strapped up 
 My white tee shirt look like coke wrapped up 
 Forces and jeans, can't wear slacks 
 Got good hair, new wave cap 
 Smoke block, standin on the curb 
 Same niggas with me I been knowin' since the 3rd 
 Tryna get it, sucks bein bummy 
 Never should've give you niggas money 
 (Doon) 
 My bitch wanna see drop H's 
 Grind more than Haitians or Jamaicans 
 Ain't about money, then ain't got patience 
 Don't bring money, then don't have relations 
 Some like Hannibal, I'm a mammal 
 Ain't with monkeys like Mike and Emmanuel 
 Change the channel, rearrange panels 
 0-7 like the perm old cabby 
 And this babby she don't bring patties 
 She can't ride shotgun in the ? Caddy 
 Pull my nigga in, let him count paint 
 Don't cut him off like J did Dane 
 Sick Wit It