(Feat. B-Legit, Stressmatic of The Federation) 
 Gouda 
 Sick Wid It Records 
 BME 
 Warner Brothers 
 The Machinery (Yee!) 
 Ooh, look out pimp! 
 Heavy on the grindin' entertainment 
 Stovetop productions 
 (Verse 1 - E-40) 
 Ooh, Hustlers are us 
 My game sharper than an elephant's tusk 
 Me myself at night the only that I can trust 
 Sleep with one eye open finger on the pistol clutch (Ka ka ka!) 
 I got my hands and everything, I'm real instrumental 
 I'm as real as they come and got no bitch potential 
 When I was comin' up there certain things we don't allow 
 Like long fingernails and me and arching the eyebrow 
 Here's another thing I don't condone and don't approve 
 How all of a sudden snitchin' became cool (I dunno) 
 I'm gamed up I be chewin' on this mack granite 
 OG Jay be stomped that laced that niggas posted never can 
 I brought the baddest broad in the whole facilitation 
 All by way of mouthpiece just by my manipulation 
 I can make it look like I'm at my best when I'm at my worst 
 Persuade the broad to put on the dress and break her for her purse 
 Ten wraps and a rubber band (Gouda) 
 Three or four more in my other hand (Gouda) 
 Five, ten, fifteen, twenty (Gouda) 
 Twenty-five, thirty, thirty-five, forty (Chalupa) 
 Gettin' money I'm a stunna, man (Gouda) 
 In a 'lac shootin' box like a hundred grand (Gouda) 
 Forty-five, fifty-five, sixty-five, seventy-five (Gouda) 
 Eighty-five, ninety-five, wait, what am I doing? (Chalupa) 
 (Verse 2 - E-40) 
 A day in the life on the soil in Caliscrillya 
 Take the wrong turn and these youngstas out here kill ya 
 Well I ain't concerned, they love us hustlas and dealers 
 They wanna tear our houses down so they can build some of my kids 
 Ooh, Just tryna get my point across 
 Where I'm from it's pandamonium and chaos 
 Where I'm from the lights is off, we use matches 
 Where I'm from we do it bare-faced instead of ski masks (Ka ka ka!) 
 Ooh, No more talking on them cells 
 I heard the federal went ahead and bought Nextel (what?) 
 Ooh, Over-crowded jails 
 They got us sleepin' in the gym instead of our own cells 
 Ooh, Put our yeti together 
 Me and my investors, we flippin' ten or better 
 I got some booty, got a little bit of cheddar 
 Mama now you got more killers than a peacock better 
 (Verse 3 - B-Legit) 
 Gettin' money I'm a stunna man 
 With bitch like I do little whips about the stunna van 
 My ? she a runner man 
 Off top, I'ma boss, shoot a box full of rubber bands 
 Contraband, on the other hand 
 Big girls, big quips, turn around, roll center man 
 On the real, I'm a gentleman 
 Put the scrilla, I'm a killa, man, hit it like a little man 
 What you doin' with that? 
 From the scratch, we can load up the 'lac 
 A-1, we can bring that back 
 From day 1, we get them wraps 
 Big stacks from the back of the shack 
 Ayee, I buy the weed man 
 Hella turkey bags just to put my weed in 
 Oh, we gettin' chalupa 
 Wrapped cheese in a rubber band and call it gouda 
 Look out pimp! Ai-i-i-te! What it do! 
 We gettin' it, so whatchu need? (Gouda) 
 Bay business, so whatchu need? (Gouda) 
 We gettin' it, so whatchu need? (Gouda) 
 Ice ?, so whatchu need? (Chalupa) 
 We gettin' it, so whatchu need? (Gouda) 
 Bay business, so whatchu need? (Gouda) 
 We gettin' it, so whatchu need? (Gouda) 
 Sick Wid It, so whatchu need? (Chalupa) 
 We doin' way too much (Gouda) 
 We never watered down, we doin' way too much (Gouda) 
 And you don't wanna stunt with us (Gouda) 
 Hustlers are us, we doin' way too much (Chalupa) 
 We doin' way too much (Gouda) 
 We never watered down, we doin' way too much (Gouda) 
 And you don't wanna stunt with us (Gouda) 
 Hustlers are us, we doin' way too much (Chalupa) 
 The definition of gouda 
 (What's the definition?) 
 Chalupa, scrilla, scratch, paper, yaper 
 Capital (the definition) 
 Gouda means cheese, and cheese means yaper you square ass square butts 
 Biiiiiattchhhhh! 
 Let's get back to what we'se talkin' about earlier 
 What was we talkin' about earlier, pi-imp? 
 Hustlers... hustlers are us. Uh oh. Ah. 
 Look out (Look out, pimp)