"I'm a little mannish motherfucker 
 I take after my older brother 
 Started off selling marijuana, but now I'm selling yola.." 
 (E-40) 
 Here take a swig of this bourbon 
 Hit that, hit that baby 
 Aight dude... ay who who's foolin right there? (Who dat?) 
 Aight nigga ay get down nigga ... {*gunfire starts going off*} 
 AY NIGGA GET DOWN NIGGA! Ay nigga GET DOWN NIGGA (Shit!) 
 Wuh, we about 
 Seventy-five extra mail mannish hard-headed hoodlum-ass niggaz 
 On the dopetrack workin overtime full of fuckin' 'D' (D!) 
 Runnin' through somewhere in the neighborhood 
 Of about seven-hundred thousand in illegal narcotics 
 Generatin through mah street, a week 
 Why motherfuckers gotta ask me how I'm doin' if I'm all right? 
 When a motherfucker's starvin and strugglin 
 Even on my hip pretty much needlin and jugglin 
 There STILL ain't gonna never be enough lovin'! 
 I'm tired of rippin and runnin', dodgin and duckin bullets 
 I KNOW MY TIME IS COMIN' - death is on me bad 
 The walls is closin in, I wish I had a dad 
 But left when I was ten, so moms is all I had 
 And she was there for me until I ran away from the pad 
 And now she disowned me and she don't claim me 
 Reverend wouldja put some blessin oil on my head 
 Before I end up dead, gall bladder full of lead - scared 
 I guess a hard-head make a soft-ass (??) 
 I ain't gon' last if I keep fuckin' with this fast life 
 Chorus: E-40 and Lil' E (repeat 2X) 
 He would grow up to be nothin' but a hoodlum 
 Or either in jail, or someone would shoot him, UH 
 (He would grow up to be nuttin but a hoodlum 
 Or either in jail, or someone would shoot him) 
 (E-40) 
 Ah, I page my ties even though the money's filthy 
 Don't wanna go to church, because I feel guilty 
 Nope - I DON'T WANNA DIE - 'cause when the preacher preach the gospel 
 I BE READY TO CRY - up in the Church of Pentecostal 
 I don't think I'ma make it to see twenty-five 
 Till I wash my hands and come clean 
 Shit I'll be hella happy if I can just live to see sixteen 
 No life to give for that nastiness 
 As a rebellious disobedient-ass problem child 
 He's easily influenced - hangin' around the wrong crowd 
 I'm willin' to do almost anything, 
 Whatever it takes to make my allowance 
 I'm on prescription medication, chemically off-balance 
 Got me snatchin up (??), pickin' up hits 
 Pick-pickin' indo's (do's), and pullin licks 
 (Lil' E) 
 But daddy? (Yes son) Tie my shoes (okay) lace me up (uh) 
 Hook me up, like a tow-track maaaaan (aight) 
 Ear-hustlin, make like a pampered suck-up game-a-saur (what?) 
 When it comes to this thang man I'm conniseur (conniseur) 
 I read through the punk registry in the Robb Report (what?) 
 I come off like dat 
 Grew up around slick talkers (ah) 
 A pa-a poppin' con artists (what?) 
 Go straight to the (??) and get a bad leather jacket 
 (??) (??) Bankrupt! 
 (E-40) 
 Boy you... 
 Like you when I was younger 
 But I got my life together and I bettered myself as I got older 
 Na-uh now I entertain (entertain) a sss-uh, a-smeb rover (a smeb rover) 
 Street smarts with a degree and a diploma 
 (E-40) 
 Ah give it to me, uh... 
 Uh... 
 Uh... 
 Come on, uh... 
 Give it to me, uh...