(E-40 and son talking) 
 Son: Daddy 
 E-40: What's Up? 
 Son:Whatchu doin'? 
 E-40: Sittin' up here marinatin. Just, you know, trippin' off how this life is man, lifes a trip. 
 Son: well, what you writin? 
 E-40: Just you know so old crazy, you know some sh... my feelins, you know? 
 Son: Let me hear it. 
 (E-40) 
 Why was I born in these trifling ass times? 
 Why is it mandatory that I carry nines? 
 Don't be to civil 'cause even white folks get jacked to 
 Doctors, high class lawyers and even Japs too 
 You ask me why I speak the real the way I feel 
 How come we call bitches hoes and you call us negros? 
 They want to do me like they did Stacks 
 What is this young black man doing with all that scratch? huh 
 I see some timahs on the yayo track readin they mail 
 Talking bout "I got white girl for sale" 
 But they ain't talking to me 'cause I'm an oldie and they knows that 
 I used to be just like them I tell them "y'all get that scratch" 
 Magazine was never nothing like Bel Air 
 High speed shoot outs and shit, but I loved it there 
 40 where you've been playa, it's been a while? 
 Marinatin' accumulating paper pal 
 Y'all kind of doin' it huh, you still grindin? 
 Hell yeah, you know them tapes you keep rewinding 
 Money ain't changed me, money changed the way people think about me 
 When I was broke all I had was my family 
 You know what kills me doe them fuckin' numskulls 
 I hate when blacks be clowin blacks on all these talk shows 
 It's bad enough we shootin up each other tragically 
 Two days ago they found some brother smothered badly 
 Nobody's to be trusted in this day and age 
 To much jealousy and envy on the wrong page 
 And fuck the po po because that 39% tax I pay 
 Don't get me nathin (nothin') but a choke hold and some pepper spray 
 spoken: 
 Son: So is that what they do? 
 E-40: it's all bad 
 Son: Its crazy out there huh? 
 E-40: it's all bad 
 Son: Is it gonna be like this when I grow up? 
 E-40: It's all bad 
 Son: Daddy, sprinkle me with some more game. 
 Our father who art in heaven 
 Hollowed be thy name thy kingdom come 
 That's the prayer that I say so spread the word 
 And if you feeling down and out read proverbs 
 You know that I've been tweakin off something strange 
 Startin to see a lot of womens at the shootin range 
 Domestic violence but here's an old ghetto myth 
 My potnas auntie scold her boyfriend with some hot grits 
 I'm from the G-E double T-T to the oh no 
 Where only few dare to go 
 (E-40 Jr.) 
 I spits game like a soldier 
 Tonk since I told you this 
 Rap kingpin giant, six year old vocalist 
 You don't want to see me 
 Do it like I do that 
 All up in your tall-can face I tell you get more scrilascratch 
 Y'alll need to get up on it 
 The game is way to deep 
 I'm not your average hustler 
 I be creepin' while you sleep 
 Game, Straight game 
 Get up on it, Straight game 
 It's all Bad