(E-40) 
 Mobb that shit out nigga! 
 Bosko, mobb that shit, BEYOTCH! 
 Mobb shit (mobb shit) 
 We invented this shit (what'd we do?) 
 Boy I helped pioneer this 
 Boy I helped pioneer this... 
 ... Hoe beotch! 
 I'm irkin; head spinnin dome swervin 
 Mergin to the right to the left, see three, hallucinatin 
 Stoned ain't got a lick but a bra protection on my phone 
 Therefore that'll make it this that much easier 
 For anybody with a computer that got the right data information 
 Software to CLONE, clone it off the streets - how much? 
 Basshead dis down playa price boy a hundred piece (hundred piece) 
 Shit I don't figure dat dere ain't no mo' worse than clonin sheep 
 Just understand, I dub this for my weeples 
 More hair on my face than my daddy do (daddy do) 
 I guess it's them steroids that they been puttin' in our food (in our food) 
 Shit the man behind the counter at the liquor store asked him for ID 
 Before he get to askin me and if he ask me for ID then I'ma get 
 ?? Bitch to use some of that swindlin ass fast-fast talkin' 
 Con man ?? in the ghetto urban reverse psychology 
 Niggaz got it tough out here; tough out here, it's rough 
 Niggaz got it rough out here; nigga out here it's tough 
 Chorus: E-40 (repeat 2X) 
 Let's hit the weed spot, let's hit the L.I.Q. 
 Let's hit the liquor sto', let's hit the L.I.Q. 
 Let's hit the house party, let's hit the L.I.Q. 
 "Pull up sideways, doin' about a buck-fifty" 
 (E-40) 
 "Hello my friend!" Whassuper dude? 
 Give me a pack of sunflower seeds 
 And a box of larger size Magnum rubbers 
 A generic lemon squeeze lime juice 
 And a bottle of Goldschlager 
 A pack of licorice, lick-em-and-lock-em Zig-Zags 
 A hard boiled egg and a pickled pig feet (pickled pigs feet) 
 Shit I gotta do as much fuckin' and partyin as I can 
 I gotta go turn myself in next week (BEOTCH) 
 I'm up all night - playawhatchagonnabedoin? 
 Up in somebody's ?? layin pipe 
 Bitchbetalkinaboutsuin and try to accuse yo' ass of rape; 
 Cause you rap 
 Sa' HOE, I ain't even tryin' to entertain that 
 See I dip in mo' holes than a golf ball 
 Pussy fallin' all out of my Granada 
 Squabs in Kansas City, squabs in Colorado 
 Learned how to pop my collar in the city where they shot The Mack 
 Dem were some of the players that helped tie my shoes and lace me 
 Name was Curtis and B.O. 
 Well whaddya know? Doo doo dirt clucks ?? 
 Messy and tap that ass fool we in hella mo' (BEOTCH) 
 Bitch-ass niggaz like B-Legit and ?? ?? 
 And Mac-Shon, mack D-Shot and Lil' Bruce - BEOTCH! 
 (E-40) 
 On the dope track where the bassheads be comin' through 
 I see more killings and more hop than the kangaroo 
 My baby's momma she stink, she on that glass dick 
 Be crawlin all on the RUG lookin' for that shit! 
 Hogan High School prom queen right? 
 On her hands and knees pickin' up lint and anything that's white 
 That's how you can tell that a dopefiend's gone psycho 
 When they get to hah... lookin' all out the curtains with they high beams 
 On the corner, be that dice game unfoldin (what happened?) 
 One of my dudes, SERIOUSLY, he rollin' 
 Then a couple of fools pull up and went for theirs a-course 
 With intentions of splittin my wig but it wound up gettin' reversed 
 I left they kite flyin, down for the grind, witnesses dissolve 
 A prime example of bad karma, Murphy's Law 
 If you gon' be a fool then be a fool, shit 
 But just know when to act a fool and who to act a fool with! 
 [E-40] Hoeeeeeeeeee! SHIT! 
 "I don't care, call the cops.." 
 Mob shit 
 "I don't care, call the cops.." 
 Mob shit'll never fall 
 Mob shit gon' always sell through, smell that? 
 What mob shit do? 
 "I don't care, call the cops.." 
 All mob shit do is quadruple 
 I'm in this bitch, irkin like a motherfucker 
 "I don't care, call the cops.." 
 Fuckin' shit, BEOTCH! 
 "I don't care, call the cops.." 
 Yeah that's that shit 
 "I don't care, call the cops.." 
 See that's that shit that get a nigga krunk, right there 
 That's that shit that'll get a nigga buck, on they hoe ass 
 Mobb that shit out nigga! 
 Bosko, mobb that shit - they ain't knowin' 
 Ooh-eeee-ooh, see I spit that shit too look here 
 Ooh-eeee-ooh, make the shit go like this here 
 Ooh-eeee-ooh...