(Feat. Jayo Felony) 
 [Jayo] W-wh-wha, what, wha-what what? 
 [E-40] beotch! 
 Mobster, turn that shit up! 
 [Jayo] Yeah, uh-huh uh-huh UH 
 [E-40] Sinister shit 
 [Jayo] Uh-huh uh-huh WHAT? 
 [E-40] Jayo, Jayo smell me on this one 
 (E-40) 
 Jayo (Jayo) 
 I hope I don't ever have to go back to slangin 
 Llello (llello) but if I do that's what I do (that's what I do) 
 (Verse One: E-40) 
 Grindin out of my Aunties, backyard that's the chronic 
 I been havin' more candy than a pinata, more cake than Betty Crocker 
 Get on the horn and hit me on my locker, 'cause I'm fake ID havin' 
 Strikin and drivin' on a suspended expired license comes in buy it 
 From the nigga with the best quality and the lowest prices 
 Spendin that capital that the big homey advanced me 
 In front of me with the next nigga 
 I love money plus I'm labelled rough rider 
 Known for bringin' bitch ass niggaz out of hidin 
 (Jayo Felony) 
 Charlie Hustle, I hope I won't have to go back 
 To sellin sherm sticks, but if I do that's what I do 
 Charlie Hustle, I hope I won't have to go back 
 To sellin loop loop, but if I do that's what I do 
 (Verse Two: Jayo Felony) 
 I stabs a nigga, and Kool-Aid came out 
 Cause his heart pumps Kool-Aid, so I mixed it with my Thunderchicken 
 Barely livin', and smokin' headache with a deuce-deuce 
 Now I gotta put my snub nosed back to use 
 I'm dangerous it gets crucial, 'cause I loves conflict 
 Fuck a headache I'm jackin niggaz for pounds of bomb shit 
 And now my fingers is sticky like Sticky Fingaz from the greenery 
 You gon' retaliate, nigga what that mean to me? Bitch! 
 When you shoot crooked it's Cartwright, on site I'm takin' flight 
 It's gon' rain on your head, I'm tearin the roof off this bitch tonight 
 As you fall like Guy, for tryin' to swipe my pie 
 Nigga DIE while your bitch give up the Beaumont 
 [Jayo] All my niggaz havin' fancy dreams! (FANCY DREAMS!) 
 Comin' up 'cause we all on a money scheme! (A money scheme!) 
 [Jayo] All my bitches havin' fancy dreams! (FANCY DREAMS!) 
 Comin' up 'cause we all on a money scheme! (A money scheme!) 
 (Verse Three: E-40) 
 RRRRAP for free, nigga FUCK the hype 
 BEOTCH! You gotta pay me just to BREATHE on the mic 
 High, higher than a dust cloud 
 Hella disrespectful, all up in the party talkin' loud! 
 Systemized, a triple striker, when I was born 
 My mom and daddy shoulda named me Isiah 'cause I'm a Rider 
 Sole survivor, Hillsider, 1400 block Magazine Street 
 Narcotic ? bomb preparer heroin provider 
 I'm vicious, mean mugged and mad doggin niggaz like the 
 Like the Grinch Who Stole Christmas 
 I like to, like to, finger fuck bitches up in clubs 
 Take her home and get rug burns on my nuts! 
 Stuck! Gordon's Gin and Donald Duck 
 NUT! All on her spine and on her butt 
 FUCK! Major clientele (major clientele) 
 Then I pass it to my nigga Mista Jayo 
 (Verse Four: Jayo Felony) 
 ? Up the glass is shatterin, bitch it ain't matterin 
 They scatterin, see me and forty start splatterin 
 The cowards are heartless, so you burn like flames 
 Niggaz that got snake eyes get broke up like dice games 
 Fuck a bitch, why? Cause skeezers don't please us 
 So I just go around sippin fine wine like Jesus 
 And every time I bust a spit it's a hip-hop quote 
 Drinkin' Moesha Brandy, head spinnin like hundred spokes 
 (Verse Five: Jayo Felony) 
 Still drinkin' Krypton 
 Brothers is Snapple then I snap like a snapping turtle 
 Nigga, shittin on the world keeps my land fertile 
 I grow my own shit, fruits, vegetables and tobacco 
 It's third down and forty nigga 
 You know you gon' get tackled 
 Get your land while you can old man 
 Niggaz so dope they named me twice like Duran Duran 
 Killa nigga put honey on em, and feed 'em to my hogs 
 See I leave no evidence for the police dogs 
 Now off the low stroll we go so let's flow 
 Lil' bitch, we the shit because the people said so 
 You can't tell a lettuce from a cabbage silly rabbits 
 Get these chips even if it means lettin these motherfuckers have it! 
 (Verse Six: E-40) 
 Nigga got out of line, I had to ice him 
 Reached into my drawers, and pulled out my strap 
 Motherfucker got out of place, I had to chop him 
 Reached into my d-da-da-das and pulled out my strap, check it out 
 Nickle plated chrome planet Clint Eastwood special 
 Designed strictly for staplin and toe taggin 
 Po-Po wrote me up a citation 'cause I was saggin and draggin 
 My b-ah-bitch, by her w-uh-weave 
 I had to, I had to make the bitch bleed! Last New Year's Eve 
 She tried to hit me with a fryin pan, my attitude wasn't carin 
 Backslapped that hoe in front of her parents 
 More ki's than a janitor 
 It gets mannisher and mannisher and mannisher 
 Smokin' on a roach, loitering in a McDonald's parkin lot 
 Throwin' up gang signs 
 To ? as if he was some kind of first base coach 
 I luh I like my egg poached, hard over easy! 
 In the drive through, hollerin at her breezy! 
 *Talking to end*