Where them naked hoes at? 
 E-Feezey! 
 Too Scheezy! 
 We off the heezy fo'scheezy baby! 
 Off the heezy I thought you theezy! 
 Niggaz ain't havin' no cheesy like us main! 
 They ain't havin' no raveez! 
 Shit. 
 Haha you know us. 
 Where K-Ceeezi at man? Tell him sing that shit. 
 Lace dem fools or something. 
 Beotch! 
 Chorus: K-Ci 
 Say that you got it all 
 Love the way you players ball 
 Everyday you're at the mall 
 Tell me is it true or false 
 Say that you got it all 
 Love the way you players ball 
 Claimin that your mail is tall 
 Tell me is it true or false 
 Verse One: E-40, Too $hort 
 I put my mack hand down ain't never been asound 
 I was havin' b-r-e-a-d way before this rap game nigga been town 
 Thought you theezy, for sheezy, niggaz 'member 
 Earl, Brat, and Denell dem boys from Vallel 
 At every light it's automatic, BURN RUBBER 
 See my folkers in the traffic, WHASSUP ERB 
 Follow that cab it got dope in it, uh 
 My potnah $hort got hoes in it 
 I'm always hearin rappers big ballin on they songs 
 I do that shit for real and you'll never say I'm wrong 
 S-500 straight sittin' on twenties 
 TV in the dash pimpin' hoes gettin' money 
 I'm Too $hort baby been down since the eighties 
 For the last eight years rode around in a Mercedes 
 Lexus, trucks, drop-Vette, Caddy 
 Bitches don't call me by my name they call me daddy 
 Verse Two: E-40, Too $hort 
 K-Ci $hort E-40 Fonzarelli 
 I'll probably never have long money like Ross Perilli 
 But shit we just want a hip 
 Don't want the whole plate 
 Don't put the two on the ten, don't ever perpetrate 
 Like a lot of these fools I see on TV 
 With the Armani Chanel Versus Versacci 
 Why motherfuckers can't be broke sometimes? 
 Sometimes it's cool to floss 
 But don't buy an eighty-five thousand dollar car 
 Before you buy a house 
 They always said I couldn't rap, I just say bitch 
 I guess the bitch, made me rich 
 And now you wanna call me hardcore 
 While I be steppin out the shower on a marble floor 
 I paid the IRS taxes send FedEx and faxes 
 This industry'll is like fuckin', fat bitches 
 All work and no play, I do it everyday 
 Anyway 'cause I gotta stay paid 40 
 Verse Three: E-40, Too $hort 
 We throw parties on big-ass boats, niggaz wrap they paper 
 Ultrafied all-inclusive trips, Montego Jamaica 
 Front row seats at the Ultimate Fights, shamrock and severin 
 Long expensive fuh-flights, up dere in the heavens 
 Fat ass royalty checks, fat ass cribs 
 Smokin' blunts and drinkin' brew on the blacony, barbecuin ribs 
 The more scrilla, the merrier 
 I represent the Ya area 
 I walk from Foothill and Paperscourt to Sixty-Seven MacArthur 
 To Freddie B house to make tapes with my potnah 
 Hit Arroyo Park, we had tapes for sale 
 Got a paper bag full of that, can't you tell 
 It's funky, everybody nod they head like this 
 I said bitch, and everybody read my lips 
 I got rich, suckin up the game from the O 
 And even though a lot of rappers got the same kind of flow 
 I survived 'cause I got mo', game than them 
 It came straight from the prostitutes, players, and pimps 
 It was my destiny, I came the same every time 
 So don't question me, I transfer the game in the rhymes 
 I'm not a freestyler, don't rap for free main 
 It's Paystyle on mine, 'cause I love money main 
 Landrovers and Toyota, Lexuses 
 Six-hundred feet twelve with them big ass motor Mercedeses 
 We don't be savin' hoes, bitches be savin' us 
 Bitch disrespect me in my car, bitch best to catch the bus 
 I keep a briefcase full of game, while y'all be ear-hustlin 
 Ain't no paperback pimpin' nigga, we ain't strugglin 
 Verse Four: Too $hort 
 I'm Shorty the Pimp, I come funky 
 Again and again, they say when will it end? 
 Maybe never, 'cause I can still spit it 
 But I ain't rappin' for cheese, I want meal tickets 
 Gotta start somewhere, and I'm past that 
 For the right scratch, I be the last mack 
 So stick yaself Pretty Tony 
 You tryin' ta make a hit, but your shit sounds phony 
 Not like AT&T but like ET 
 You can't be me, so would you please see 
 If you can keep my name out your mouth 
 Cause you don't really know what the game's all about 
 It's bout feedin the family, not freakin in the Benz 
 Instead of rentin, pay for that roof on your head 
 And stop pimpin' in your mind knowin' you a trick 
 Put your hustle down playa go an hit you a lick 
 Bitch! 
 (That's writ, Too Scheezi, Ant Banks, Forty Fonzarelli, K-Ci) 
 Damn is that right? 
 (That's right)