(Forty Fonzarelli's answering machine) 
 Aight, what's really? You hit my lifer number 
 This Sick Wid It/Jive Records 
 Leave your message at the beep *BEEP* 
 Hah! Mmmhmmm. Yeah, uh... on my pager! 
 What you say? Oh yeah. Kick that shit then nigga! 
 Verse One: Keek tha Sneak, E-40, Spice-1 
 Higher than a bird, off that herb, in the O-A-K 
 Off on perv, parked on curb, rollin' up a vay 
 Licked it three times, laced it with the Alize 
 About twomp a day, baby hit me frequent-lay! 
 Sneak, and Forty, from chocolate short-ay, we been 
 All prepared, cause my nights is no day, the broad say 
 I last! Cause you six months 
 But I say, she pullin a gang of major stunts 
 Bust, bust niggaz, consequences when you're doin' the do 
 Fuck around and get caught up in a catch twenty-two 
 In the area! Dirt and dust 
 Where the yah! B.A. Plus 
 But ain't yo sista Suga-T? (Suga-T) 
 Ain't you the one that say Sprinkle Me (Sprinkle Me) 
 I loves me some Forty-Ridah 
 I seen you up in 2Pac's video poppin' your collar 
 I play this playa shit like Bugs Bunny 
 Ain't no cartoon figure nigga I makes money, ain't nuttin funny 
 If you're ever in some funk, call your potnah on the cell 
 And leave one-eighty-seven, at the end of the number 
 B-uh-Benzy on Washington, on the cellular phone 
 You could tell that the Easy Bay was his home 
 My people goin' off like a high school build' 
 And all my money in stacks, and all my pockets on swell 
 M-uh-mobbin like a playa, but I'm still a G doe 
 Pager goin' off like C-3PO 
 Time for the Hurricane, E said word 
 I put a nigga on his back, fuck what you heard 
 Chorus: repeat 2X 
 If it's major, hit me on my pager 
 Rang it, ring it, rang it, ring it, ring my telephone, ring my telephone 
 Verse Two: E-40, Harm 
 I be so rebel-yalous 
 When I'm talkin' on my phone-telyalous 
 You can have my baitch, but I maintain 
 I chop it up as a loss and charge it to the game 
 She said you must be playin' some kind of phone tag 
 Cause erytime I hit you, you don't hit me back 
 Why is dat? 'Cause you're hella hard to get in contact with 
 Thought you thought, was killin' big girl was crackin' on some crabs 
 Six o'clock, the girl said that's my crib be at the West plus 
 Due to go, left me at home be leavin' my ass up in the living room all alone 
 And I be starvin rubbin my monkey fiendin for some Donkey Kong 
 Now you're talkin', let's get the show on the road 
 I know you're tired of barkin, you need to hop on my load 
 So we can stab out, strike rock and Arroyo Park 
 At the top of hill, so I can check your oil 
 I said ah one to the two ah two to two three 
 Tell me why your baby momma keep on pagin me 
 I didn't give the hoe the number, so why does she call 
 She says she wanna do me, and all of y'all 
 But I'm like that nigga on The Mack, I don't want the honey 
 I want the money some of you niggaz is funny style and meanwhile 
 I'm sellin my piece to these tricks 'cause it's the paperchase 
 Laced with game, see I'm livin' in the hustlers dream 
 Call up a player if it's major 
 Specially if it's scrilla nigga hit me on my pager 
 Verse Three: Sneak, E-40 
 Rang it, baby gimme a call 
 My name you're screamin, how I be hittin them walls 
 You got me tinglin, how you be workin them drawers 
 With a kiss I make 'em all say this, yeah that's raw 
 I glance your cut, bass we uh, big cheeks 
 With a blast headin straight for the nut, big A&H 
 Got some bitches all in the cut, it's that season 
 Drop my number to the hoe to hit me up 
 Yo, you're nine-one-oneing me to death, what's all that fo' 
 Got my Williams and fillin my pager and pager on the overflo' 
 What's happenin' with all that old bullshit 
 Is it really all that damn serious 
 You're draining the hell out of my battery 
 Got your partner thinkin' curious 
 Cause in the Y-E-A A-R-E-A the game ain't constipated 
 Buckin around in the Golden State where the game originated 
 Fools be scandalous they used to be squares be turnin' vicious 
 Hit me on pager, hit me if it's major