What is that, crystal? (no!) 
 Dom p? (hell no!) 
 (This is that Carlos Santana champagne!) 
 Oh shit, Santana d-v-x? that's my joint! 
 (Mine too, but a lot of these busters don't know about it) 
 Well let's tell these motherfuckers! 
 As a kid, I used to lay awake and think 
 When was Santana gonna make a drink? 
 But now I'm all grown and my dream came true 
 Santana champagne, from here to you 
 From the heart of napa valley and the guitar king 
 Comes a sparkling wine, to make a blind man sing 
 Yo it's the cham-pan-yah, from the man with the bandanna 
 I can't stand a flute with anything but Santana 
 What's the first name in cham, it's Carlos 
 And to that man I propose a toast 
 In the 60's, he had lots of freebie sex 
 But now he's gettin' down with the d-v-x 
 Excuse me fellas! 
 Am I to understand that Carlos Santana has made a champagne? 
 (That's right motherfucker! here, try it) 
 All right aw shit! 
 I feel alive for the first time 
 Each sip hits my lips like a landmine 
 Without Carlos in my life I was livin' a lie 
 He makes his guitar weep, but his champagne cries 
 He's a southwest, tie wearin' bolo champ 
 Comin' straight out the box with a bolo champ' 
 Yo he a beast with the sugar and yeast, mix it in pots 
 Like the way his release mixed jazz blues and pops 
 And the salsa fusion, he's lady's shoe producin' 
 Plus he teamed with rob Thomas for a music revolution 
 On the 7th day, it was said god rest 
 But on the 8th day he made the d-v-x 
 Gentlemen, gentlemen, what is all the hubbub about? 
 (Carlos Santana!) that's right 
 I see bitches-is enjoyin' my sparkling wine 
 (We certainly are) well be careful 
 Cause this shit'll get you fucked up 
 Bitch! 
 I'm like no other, one of a kind, my sparkling wine 
 Santana d-v-x make you wanna have sex (ooh) 
 I'm rich bitch! I'm havin' my chips 
 Get laid all the time, by 70's chicks, uh 
 Won hella grammies, batches throw me they panties 
 I'm probably your daddy, I probably nutted in your mammy 
 I'm a bay boy, city life, been around the corner 
 Try to play me foul and my vatos goin' run up on ya 
 A legend, a boss, that's what I are 
 Ask about me pimp, 'tana be killin' the guitar 
 Old enough to know better but young enough to not care 
 I get active - might slap a bitch with my hair (whip) 
 Left coast up top I bang that shit 
 My sparkling wine'll pop crystal on her lip 
 Can't stop, won't stop gettin' my bread 
 Pack arenas and coliseums now watch me shred 
 Oh, san-tan-tan-tan-ah 
 A monkey drank a bottle and learned to speak 
 A squid drank a bottle and became a freak 
 A lion drank a bottle and forgot how to growl 
 A horse drank a bottle, and fucked a cow!