Intro: E-40 
 *Burrrp, burp* 
 Yeah, focus pocus, skiggedy-skat 
 It ain't nuttin but me 
 That nigga E-40 
 Finna sprinkle some of you fools with some of this 
 This G-A-M-E man some of this game 
 Understand my sista 
 Finna sprinkle you fools with sprinkle sista 
 Understand this doe 
 It don't stop till the motherfucking glock pop 
 [Don't stop] and fuck a glock I'm fuckin' with a Sig Sauer 
 P226 Diana Ross cousin nina 
 Misdemeanor, that's what we do, understand it 
 Verse One: E-40 
 I be more hipper than a hippopotamus 
 Get off in your head like a neurologist 
 Pushin more weight than Atlas 
 Got a partner by the name of 2Pacalypse 
 The seven-oh-seven my roost go hella fall back to Floyd Terrace 
 I pull a forty out of my ballcap 
 And den I flush it down my esopha-garus 
 The group that I'm with The Click 
 Shigge-D-Shot, Legit 
 Family orientated 
 Game related, it's the shit 
 Killing motherfuckers off crucial 
 Sittin' 'em down mutual 
 Running through these lyrics as if I was fibered 
 Like Metamucil 
 Timah timah... forty widah... forty wide 
 Sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main 
 Big timah timah, big timah... forty widah-ah 
 Sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main 
 Kick that shit Suga 
 Verse Two: Suga T 
 Here comes the top notch, ooh ooh ooh here I be 
 Clicked out me Suga T from the V 
 I'm quick to smob (quick to smob), always down for the job 
 Ya gotta strut that's a gang of shot (gang of shot) 
 Ooh ooh ooh I'm a fool 
 Slangin more mail as I slides through your hood 
 Straight shakin all, these bustas and busterettes 
 Tryin' to claim fame off my Chavez rep (Chavez rep) 
 Oh, why oh why must I be so tight? (Why oh why) 
 Most folks tell me, Suga you ain't right (Why oh why Suga you ain't right) 
 It makes me wanna scream while I make ya holler 
 Pullin a gang of clout like that al-mighty dollar 
 Chorus: E-40, Suga T 
 Suga Suga (ah yeah that's me) Suga Suga 
 That's my sista (you know my name!) 
 Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl (ahaha) 
 Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl 
 Suga Suga (that's what they call me) 
 Dat's my sista (I ain't right!) 
 Sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl, sprinkle me girl 
 Verse Three: E-40, Suga T 
 (Check the flotation!) 
 Nigga PHin on a playa makin' mega 
 Tryin' to knock the hustle just because we way too major 
 (E they try to test your testicles, you know that shit ain't cool) 
 Suga don't make me have to come up out the sound booth 
 And act a fuckin' fool 
 (All these old hoe-cake ass niggaz, they make me so damn sick) 
 Boom boom boom boom boom on a trick 
 Playa play her for false and get rubbed off ya don't want malse 
 Fuck around and get evaporated 
 Chorus: E-40 
 'Cause I'ma timah timah... timah timah 
 Forty widah... forty wide 
 Sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main 
 Big timah timah... big timah 
 Forty widah... forty wide 
 Sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main, sprinkle me main 
 That's what we do, beatch! 
 Understand this shit, understand it 
 What's happenin' Suga, you in this bitch with me? 
 (Haha thought you heard) 
 Yeah that's what we do for the motherfuckin... nine-five 
 (Ha for the nine-five, yeah) 
 Sick Wid It Records, Jive all the time 
 (Understandin the system main) 
 It's Mob City, V-Town, it's Mob City 
 It's Mob City V-Town niggaz 
 (Mobbin through ya hood)