(E-40) 
 Uh... that's a good look for you 
 (That's a good look for me!) I'm on another level 
 Rose gold Roley with the yellow diamond bezel mayne 
 (That's a good look for you!) Are you referrin 
 To the ESV Escalade with the chrome spinnin shoes? 
 (That's a good look for me!) Look at the way I'm movin 
 I'm flippin hella units, nigga this is mob music 
 (That's a good look for you!) Got up out the game 
 Still spittin' major slang, holla at'cho potnah mayne! 
 (E-40) 
 Uh, see the crib, see the car, see the fast life 
 See the pigs, see the medallion on my chest right 
 This ain't theatrical pimpin' mayne this is real life 
 I spit the scriptures with vision mayne real pimpish like 
 You like to slap this in yo' truck 'cause it's real right 
 Hit 'em hard, never bend like a steel pipe 
 Blow them P's to smithereens when I strike the light 
 Shockin all exp-luh-explosive on the mic (explosive on the mic) 
 What a MIT mean, merkin off that bay-oh-bee-6 
 Off 7 cups, drinkin' Incredible Hulks 
 You can tell by the lingo and the way that a player walk 
 There's somethin' about him it's the way that that player talks 
 Whoa - watch the game unfold it's so cold (it's so cold) 
 Colder than a six-pack of soda with froze flows (with froze flows) 
 Bright idea with the wrong gang with lowest goals 
 Is like tryin' to get on yo' feet with no toes 
 (E-40) 
 That's a good look for me! Born and brought up on the turf 
 Played the game for what it's worth till they take me in a hearse 
 I'm tryin' to eat! I'm a turf hog 
 Vet in the game I had, music on the shelf 
 For at least a high 16, me and my car and my cabinet 
 And everybody on my team stackin green 
 Now that's a good look for us! Gotta know who to trust 
 In game we trust, keep it on the low mayne 
 Live one rule no names discussed 
 Real hogs makin' noise in the game is us 
 And it's not a good look for you to hate on us 
 I got a clique, that got a few thangs that click 
 I'm tryin' to make this presidential greenish flip 
 'Cause it's a good look for me to stack my chips 
 And I'm chillin', I'm tryin' to feed all my chil'ren 
 So I can get both of my lil' niggaz at least a million 
 (E-40) 
 {*Coughing*} Back woods! 
 Tobacco paper and turtle and Canadian herbal 
 Me and my people and my weeple gathered up in a circle 
 Jokin and laughin' and smilin', all in the parking lot whylin 
 (That's a good look for me!) Flowmaster pipes 
 Look at the stripes on the hood, look at the wood on my dash 
 Look how I punch on the gas, look at the way that I'm mashin 
 And dashin dippin and glidin slippin and slidin 
 Bouncin' and skatin and figure-eightin and drivin' 
 And all out the window campaignin drinkin' and sidin 
 (That's a good look for you!) All the ladies like me 
 They Dig-Dug me, they love me, they kiss and hug me 
 Suckers be hatin' and plottin, schemin to mug me 
 Wishin and hopin and dreamin' that they can fuck with me 
 (That's not a good look for y'all!) Not at all mayne 
 1300th block, Hillside magazine!