Ayee mama, I know the weedman! Ayee mama, I know the weedman! 
 Ayee mama, I know the weedman! Weedman, hes my friend. [x2] 
 The weedman, the cannibus pack, the vegetables, the lettuce man, the hydrogen laugh, 
 The cure, the grass, the medicine, the farmers, the club, the growers and the citizens. 
 The caters, the champ that amped um for the marching bands. 
 You will wanna learn this dance, side to side from left to right like this wit yo hands. 
 You one of my loyalest customers, you know I ain't gone get ya, 
 Ima slide through there in a minute and Ima smoke somethin' witcha. 
 This week I'm runnin' a special, I'm tryna have my doe, this week I'm lettin' um go for like 250 a O. 
 Some of us sellin' pills, some of us sellin' blow. 
 Some of us got meals, & some of us is poor. 
 That's why I'm lettin' um go for the low low, duckin' and ditchin' and dodgin' the po po. 
 Gettin' um off for cheap, no boy, competitors can't compete, my prices is hard to beat, 
 Affordable tryna stay on my feet, shippin' and handlin', gamblin' my turkey bags don't leak. 
 Bieeetch! 
 Ayee mama, I know the weedman! Ayee mama, I know the weedman! 
 Ayee mama, I know the weedman! Weedman, hes my friend. [x2] 
 On the hush hush, the majority of the time I don't really like to flamboast to much, 
 Cause the jealous will drop a dime and try too tell on us. 
 In my line of work not even your bestfriend ya trust, thas why I always pack a 9 in case I gotta bust, 
 Speakin' of bust I think that rhymes with cannibus. 
 Marijawana & I'm the provider who gotta lighter. 
 Higher and higher, the new thing is a vaporizer, the other day ago they had to rush my folks to kaiser, 
 Cause his heart was skippin' a beat and it was off track, but really and truly my folks was havin' a panic attack. 
 Everybody ain't built to reef, but some of us smoke from the time we wake up too the time we go to sleep. 
 I'm on my way back from New Mexico on my 7th tank of petro, 
 In my new school Lincoln Navi, with my decoy right behind me, 
 Takin' the back roads, customers on hold, soon as I get in the city limits this sh't is good as sold. 
 Bieeetch! 
 Ayee mama, I know the weedman! Ayee mama, I know the weedman! 
 Ayee mama, I know the weedman! Weedman, hes my friend. [x2] 
 UGHH! I got that white widow, that sour diesel, them northern lights, that kush, that afghani, 
 That champagne, that purple haze I push. Indoor, outdoor either or it don't matter, 
 Smoking weed is therapuetic and healin', weed is a muscle relaxer. Its more right than wrong, it helped me write this song. 
 You might get the munchies and eat a muthafu'ka out they house and home. 
 Alot of us smoke the hooka, alot of us smoke the bong, swisher sweets, backwoods, zig zags, or a kong. 
 My harvest game is sick, my strains and my seeds, my potnah got a DUI for smoking too much weed, 
 You can look me right in the eye and tell that I'm keyed. 
 Cataracts, cannibus card, its hard too see and read. 
 Bieeetch! 
 Ayee mama, I know the weedman! Ayee mama, I know the weedman! 
 Ayee mama, I know the weedman! Weedman, hes my friend. [x2]