Ah yeah..(ah yeah)..it's real. 
 Gonna put it down. all these little crime thangs, 
 Homeless, the world is crazy bwoy 
 It's like this 
 It's the way it is 
 Heavy out there... it's heavy. 
 Was I really such a bad child that I deserved to get hit with boards 
 And whooped with extension cords? 
 Did you forget that I was your creation, 
 And all I wanted from you all was love, hope, and motivation? 
 Son, you're disrespectful and you're talking back, 
 Get out my face, kicked me out the house 
 And wouldn't even let me plead my case. 
 Now I'm homeless and I'm freezing like the morgue, 
 The only thing keepin' me alive is the Lord 
 Needless to say it's times like this I'd rather be locked up then 
 Drinkin' water out my hands and eatin out of garbage cans 
 Can I come back home, huh could I? 
 Son, you're on your own, why should I? 
 Things'll never change, that's just the way it is 
 Nobody's even concerned 
 Some things'll never change, that's just the way it is 
 When will we ever learn? 
 Huh. three years from now, I think I'm gon be straight, (straight) 
 I put my name on the list for section 8 
 Tried out for the army but I was flat footed, 
 Didn't do no harm to me, 'cause I was used to it 
 If I apply for some work, let's make a bet, 
 I'll get the nine 
 'Cause I don't know about the internet 
 What do you think we need to do to change about this nation? 
 Need to provide more jobs and better education 
 Nuclear weapons (puh) should be stopping crimes, 
 Already got enough to blow the world up 
 A thousand times 
 The birds and the bees, deadly disease, 
 Teenage pregnancies, std's 
 A-wuh a wait a minute, I hear sirens 
 Oh that's the couple down the street 
 Domestic violence 
 Either them or the little girl in 306 
 She's always telling everyone that she gon slice her wrists 
 I guess that's the way it is in the life of sin 
 Where you'll prolly end up dead, or in the pen 
 But my family ain't no better than the next 
 My auntie brenda turned her own sister in 
 For writing bad checks 
 And save folks try to hit you where it hurts 
 Knowin' they the biggest hypocrites in the church 
 We need to give our minds a bath and 
 Do some scrubbin' 
 Stop the hate and start the lovin'