Thirsty, thirsty, thirsty 
 You're waking up thirsty, thirsty! 
 Man, they're thirsty, man! 
 Look! 
 Pulled up to the club like skirt, skirt 
 I'm the Chevy, what they do, nigga? 
 I was scoping lil momma in the skirt, skirt 
 But she a ratchet, no shoes, nigga! 
 Man, I hate her when they do that shit 
 They trying to hop up in the nigga bitch 
 But I'll be damn if I'mma do that bitch 
 It's real life! 
 I hate it when the ratchet try to sit on my lap, lap 
 Man, the bitch too thirsty, 
 And X nigga trying to come around and get that (get that) 
 Man, a nigga too thirsty! 
 I already fucked with... got all in 
 Aha, why you're acting so thirsty 
 Caught up at the bar, everything is on' 
 But you ain't gotta be thirsty (thirsty) 
 I ain't ask for your phone number (phone number) 
 And I ain't ask who your name is (name is) 
 See, I ain't ask what you're drinking (drinking) 
 Don't give a fuck who you came with (came with) 
 I got my fame in my bank up talking on the phone 
 Walking through the crowd, notice, smelling like' 
 Bachelors on my line and I can see 'em on their faces 
 They wanna shake the clown ass nigga they decay with! 
 My shirt is from Italy 
 Your man ain't got shit on me 
 All my Lil mens hit 
 I ain't talking by Lil' Lee 
 Real nigga my pedigree 
 But I'm fatty, I'm heavy 
 These bitches willing and ready 
 She wanna gimmie the pennies! 
 It's my way or the hard way 
 If you don't like it, you can get sideways 
 ... Like gimmie head in the driveway! 
 Monday to Saturday, no sell dope on Sundays 
 Similar the chick delay, got an AK to run away 
 I hate it when the ratchet get the talking like a man 
 Man, a bitch too ratchet! 
 He was acting on the net, now he acting like a friend 
 Man, a nigga too thirsty! 
 I heard he fucked a' all in 
 Uh, why you're acting so thirsty? 
 Caught up at the bar, everything is' 
 But you ain't gotta be thirsty, thirsty! 
 Say I ain't ask for your phone number (phone number) 
 Say I ain't ask what your name is 
 Say I ain't ask who your name is (name is) 
 No, say I ain't ask what you're drinking (drinking) 
 And I don't ask who you came with (came with) 
 I saw my nigga at the turn up, everybody wasted 
 Bottles on me, and I ain't thinking about pacing 
 Take it to the head every time I'm on stages 
 Bottle of Ciroc, Shawty, I prefer the flavor! 
 Real, coke and we can do the pitch 
 Shawty in my face, can I get a drink? 
 Can I get a kiss, can I get a hood? 
 Can I get a picture with you grabbing on my, wow 
 Fuck it, I'mma touch it, I'mma do it for the flick 
 Shawty turn around and got the region for my dick, aha 
 I say, hold up! The thirst being real 
 Funny thing about us, you probably got killed, 
 But I hate it when the ratchet get to grab my dick, dick 
 Man, a bitch so thirsty! 
 I heard the fucking' got all in (all in) 
 Why you're acting so thirsty? 
 Caught up at the bar, everything is on ten 
 But you ain't gotta be thirsty, thirsty! 
 Thirsty, thirsty, thirsty, 
 Thirsty, thirsty, thirsty! 
 Why you're acting all thirsty, 
 Thirsty, thirsty, thirsty, 
 Thirsty, thirsty, thirsty