Shit, if the shoe fit, wear it, fuck it 
 Beotch! 
 Chorus: E-40 (repeat 2X) 
 To whom this may concern 
 All you rappers with all that fetti to burn 
 The industry is finicky so let me make this clear 
 They'll have a new nigga next year! 
 (Verse One) 
 I know you're shinin like a light 
 I know your record sales is politics and hype 
 I know you're boohoo'n 
 Cause none of your royalty statements never had a check attached to 'em 
 Famous but unrecouped; circumstances predicated on 
 Large-ass video budgets, and takin' out advancements 
 Uh, March and September, that's quite a ways 40 - 40? 
 Oh he get paid every thirty days shorty! 
 Uh, I ain't no lame 
 I'm different from y'all, I come from the game 
 (From the game) I ain't gotta explain 
 I been hella raw, I been spittin' game 
 I seen you on the Billboard 
 I saw you when you got that MTV Award 
 Uh, number one on SoundScan 
 Congratulations playa; dude can I shake yo' hand? 
 Oh you don't wanna shake my hand, now you too good now? 
 Oh it's like that you 'sidin on yo' folks now? 
 Enjoy it while you're here... 
 ... They'll have a new nigga next year! 
 (Verse Two) 
 Uh, air-play, program directors from the Bay 
 Don't support they rappers in the Yeah (in the Yeah) 
 They figure we ain'ts real hip-hop (hip HOP) 
 They lookin' for some mainstream flip-flop (flip) 
 But I ain't finsta sit down (sit down) 
 Sit down and wait for this shit to come back around 
 Shit I just like to perk (whatchu like to do?) 
 I like to get out there and network 
 Charlie Hustle fall off? I doubt it 
 Shit, when niggaz stop talkin' about me 
 That's when I'm gon' WORRY about it 
 And if they do I'ma take the independent road 
 A hundred thousand units on the underground; 
 Playboy, that's ghetto gold! 
 Never breakin a sweat (a, a sweat) 
 Slangin albums from the internet (from the internet) 
 Ain't nuttin but respect here... 
 ... They'll have a new nigga next year! 
 (Verse Three) 
 My loyal fans wanna know why it's so noticeable 
 And how come none of E-40 lyrics 
 Ain't never been in The Source 'Hip-Hop Quotable'? 
 To tell the truth it's kinda irkin me, 'cause I don't know 
 I ain't rappin' too fast, see y'all just listenin too slow 
 You can ask +Zomba+ I'm about a thousand songs deep 
 Spittin' ghetto anthems that I done had 
 I shoulda been ran out of heat (ran out of heat) 
 I had to prove myself first 
 I didn't get my deal based on a sixteen measure verse 
 Uh, damn right and ever since dude 'Pac passed away 
 The West coast ain't been eatin right 
 If he was alive I'd ask him for his opinionation 
 And if he was me what would he do in this sort of situation 
 Would he take off on these journalists, tell me what you think 
 For assassinatin motherfuckers characters with all that bad ink? 
 How they gonna have me Top 50, #43? 
 I'm a hog, shit; that's why I don't fuck with Blaze 
 I fuck with Murder Dog 
 (E-40) 
 Beatch! 
 See what I'm sayin'? This shit is finicky 
 It's a fool out there, ya dum dums! 
 Smell this nigga? 
 Charlie Hustle, millennium ballers nigga (beatch) 
 Thought you thoughtamajig (HOE!)