Heavyweight, a vet not an amateur (What else?) 
 Looted up, I pushed pies like Marie Calendar (What you gonna do?) 
 Shoot it up if I must, take over shop 
 Get out the car and walk, sneak up on partner and do a dome-shot 
 Ka-pow, ka-pow, ka-pow, ka-pow, ooh 
 Then I blend into the crowd 
 ... Hang with a bunch of hotheads, super hyphy and wild 
 Tell your batch to stop asking about a player 
 Get quiet about a player, can't fuck her right now, later 
 I'm busy getting my paper and riding around in my scraper 
 Interacting, networking and campaigning like Arnold Schwarzenegger 
 Like McCormick's, I'm seasoned, I run my reason (You run your reason) 
 Y'all think I'm starving, hell naw nigga, I'm eating (We eating) 
 They barking like Dino, lying and cheating 
 Keep jacking my lingo, one of these rappers gone end up leaking 
 Yay Area! 
 Like that, tell the people that 40 Water is back 
 We be to rap, what key be to lock (Key be to lock) 
 Cut a quarter or two and bend the block (Bend the block) 
 The West ain't been the same without Pac 
 So I, guess it's up to E-40 and Rick Rock, ooh 
 ... Stunting... you hear 40 new shit, he on there coming 
 You hear 40 new shit, he on there dumping 
 Be all the women talk about, that nigga something, ooh (Where you born at?) 
 Born and raised in the Yay (Uh huh) 
 Got some folks in Lumpockets, Skeleton Bay 
 ... Kilo grams I had to measure, finger on my heckler 
 Having more paper... than a paper shredder, ooh 
 Tycoon till I fall (Till I fall)... I don't sound like none of y'all (none of y'all) 
 You getting independent scratch (Uh huh), just remember the nigga that taught you that 
 Yay Area! 
 Like that, tell the people that 40 Water is back 
 Ooh, (Who you loyal to?) Loyal to my soil 
 Never leave the pound without my blessing oil (Uh huh) 
 'Cause I surround myself with felons (What they do?) 
 Pop inner-tubes and bust melons, ooh 
 ... Hustlers... On the look-out for the racket-busters, on the look-out for the fools 
 The racket-busters mean them people, them folks, them undercovers 
 Never tell a batch what you up to (What she might do?) 
 'Cause one day she might tell on you (And what else?) 
 And you'll be sitting in the can (While she what?) 
 While she fucking on your friends (Uh huh) 
 Spending all your yaper (What else pimp?) 
 Riding round in your scraper (What she giving?) 
 Giving brains (Uh huh), all the hood homies run the choo-choo train 
 Yay Area! 
 Like that, tell the people that 40 Water is back