Uh, I come from nothin' 
 Come up, I come from nothin' 
 To get it crankin right here 
 Right here? 
 Turma-turmoil, torment and turmoil 
 Uh ooh 
 We been in bondage for years 
 For how long? 
 Trapped up in the ghetto 
 Yeah that's true 
 Dang, I got a dream though 
 Fiction 
 Tryin' to make my own progress 
 That's fictionary 
 (E-40) 
 ZOOM! 
 Even though the streets mob filthy, lights burned out (out) 
 Dopefiends die with antennas in they mouth 
 Niggaz are starvin, some of my niggaz is havin' they cash 
 Niggaz is ballin, parkin they car, all on the grass 
 Livin' it up to the fullest platinum colored jew-els and organized glass 
 Not none of that old fake ass costume jewelry, that looks like brass 
 I'm lookin' out the window while you play Nintendo 
 You drive a Navigator, I drive a Pinto 
 I was there, nothin' polite, me and my fools 
 The ghetto, field mice and rat drippings up in my shoes 
 A rebel, without a pause, commodes 'n' stars 
 No toilet tissue, dirty doodoo stains up in my draws 
 (Singers) 
 Ooh zoom, I like, to fly far away from here 
 Where my mind flows on, it's fresh and clear 
 And I, found a love, that I long to see 
 And people, who be, who they want to beeee, ho! 
 (E-40) 
 I never had, lobster in my life (or what?) 
 Or teriyaki steaks, just sardines and spam and cornflakes 
 Pacific Bell done put me on restriction once again 
 I can't call out, but you can call in 
 Can barely think straight, barely keep focus 
 My crackhead cousin spent the night (what we got) now we got roaches 
 (Damn!) Here lies my property, no composure 
 Six months behind on my mortgage, house under fo'closure 
 Momma ain't feelin' too good, she diabetic 
 Scared of needles hospitals ambulance paramedics 
 And I'm the oldest of fo', sleepin' on the flo' 
 Watchin TV channels we used to borrow cable from next do' 
 (Singers) 
 Ooh zoom, I like, to fly far away from here 
 Where my mind flows on, it's fresh and clear 
 And I, found a love, that I long to see 
 And people, who be, who they want 
 Who they want to beeee, yeah! HAHAHHHHHH! 
 (E-40) 
 I seen it in a dream, a big white home, looked like a office building 
 An old school Brougham with a sunroof ceiling 
 Thug living, sixty-four ounce of drinkin' thinkin' 
 "How could I come up, and purchase me a Lincoln?" 
 Drug dealin', leelin and dealin' tryin' to make a million 
 Blood spillin, driveby walk up to that nigga peel him 
 Back then I was blind, penetentiary chance at jail 
 Livin' off my gahl for hella long she worked at Taco Bell 
 And if the heater ain't workin and it's freezin cold 
 We open up the oven and turn on the stove 
 Survival, granddaddy's appreciation revival church 
 Of pentacostal, we raised money by givin' car washes 
 (Singers) 
 Ooh zoom, I like, to fly far away from here 
 Where my mind flows on, it's fresh and clear 
 And I, found a love, that I long to see 
 And people, who be, who they want 
 Who they want to beeee, yeah! 
 Iiiiiiii...