Haha, yeah, I'mma let it ride 
 I'm just tryna know you better 
 Tell me what's your name, tell me, tell what's your sign 
 Tell me what you into, tell me, tell what you like 
 If you were rich tomorrow tell me what would you do with it? 
 And if you could see the future, baby do you see me in it? 
 Would you date me for a minute, girl before you let me hit it? 
 Are you single? are you taken? working towards your education? 
 I'm just askin', I'm just sayin', what's your current situation? 
 'Cause I see you 'cross the room and you the baddest in the building, what's up? 
 See I don't wanna get into your draws yet (oh yeah) 
 Are you one of them girls that's askin' where the bread's at? (Oh yeah) 
 See first I need to know the way your head at 
 Before you give me some (heh, I'm playin') 
 I'm just tryin' to know you, better 
 I'm just tryin' to know you, yeah 
 I'm just tryin' to know you, better 
 I'm just tryin' to know you, yeah-eah-eah 
 If I told you my secret, Shawty would you keep it? 
 Are you the type to kiss me right after I eat it, yeah? 
 I'm just tryin' to know you better 
 Tell me where you goin', tell me, tell me where you from 
 Are you a smoker or a drinker? Are you none of the above? 
 Are you more domesticated? Do you love to hit the club? 
 Tell me do you like to fuck, or do you just like making love? 
 Tell me do you have some kids? And if so girl, how many? 
 And if not, then Shawty tell me, can I be your baby daddy? 
 I'm just playin' less you let me, I won't know unless you tell me 
 I just gotta ask 'cause girl you super bad 
 What's up? 
 See I don't wanna get into your draws yet (oh yeah) 
 Are you one of them girls that's askin' where the bread's at? (Oh yeah) 
 See first I need to know the way your head at 
 Before you give me some (heh, I'm playin') 
 I'm just tryin' to know you, better 
 I'm just tryin' to know you, yeah 
 I'm just tryin' to know you, better 
 I'm just tryin' to know you, yeah-eah-eah 
 If I told you my secret, Shawty would you keep it? 
 Are you the type to kiss me right after I eat it, yeah? 
 I'm just tryin' to know you better 
 Can't be one of them all arguin' 
 Can't be wonderin' what car I'm in 
 Game I play, there's no part for them 
 Silent bitch, I got heart for them 
 Can't be one of them old blow-me-ups 
 Can't be one of them old quick-to-fucks 
 Can't be one of them old number one's 
 Think you running game 
 You ain't slick enough 
 Can't be on of them old fall-in-love's 
 Can't be one of them drunk-in-the-club 
 Can't be tryna fuck with a boss 
 When your Ex nigga's a fucking scrub 
 Can't be one of them old hate-your-daddy's 
 Can't be one of them gone make me slacking 
 Could be one of them gon' pull your own weight 
 You glossing up, I can't wait to match it 
 Teach you new game and make you happy 
 Pick your shoe game 
 You ain't the average 
 Make 'em lighter 'cause your face immaculate 
 And your purse is matchin' 
 Yo shape is savage 
 Can't be one of them old easy fucks 
 Think it's cool but you a pretty slut 
 'Cause there's niggas in it that's really us 
 So before I hit, we gon' chop it up