Yeah 
 Hello, hello, hello world 
 Omarion 
 I'm a talk some shit right now 
 Let's go 
 I can't understand, y'all so quick to believe 
 I guess I'm in demand, y'all keep discussing me 
 I hardly floss but, I got everything first 
 How much it cost? What!? That ain't none of ya... (uh!) 
 I go up in the store and I be coppin' shit 
 I need a new passport, too many stamps in it 
 I'm too global for these local conversations 
 Was just in Par-ee at L'Arc now that's a conversation 
 Peace. Greece. Rome. What the fuck you on? 
 Don't act like I ain't did this 
 Took a break from the throne 
 To make it more interesting, watch what I put on 
 Throwing it down when I leave I'm still there like my cologne 
 It's sad to see what everybody doing to get on 
 The game copy cat'n, ain't nobody got they own 
 They all on the dance floor looking a mess 
 Put us on stage and let's see who the best 
 (With the bullshit) 
 I ain't even tryna hear it! 
 My speakers too LOUD! 
 Y'all niggas need to quit it with that! 
 Go miss me with that! 
 I give away the steez and I'm never wanting it back! 
 So why you!? (bullshitin) 
 Ey! 
 Step yo game up! 
 Ray-Ban visions need to step ya frames up! 
 Why ya!? (bullshitin) 
 Y'all niggas take a listen! 
 I'm Luke Skywalker 
 Outerspace, pay attention 
 Ay... 
 See y'all ain't paying dues, so y'all ain't touching me 
 My name stay in the new, y'all keep discussing me 
 Ain't like them other dudes, I cock the ruger back 
 'Cause I ain't in the mood, I'm into moving packs 
 I like my money long, my favorite color green 
 So what you dummies on? I'm on that butter cream 
 I keep it gutta for my brothers in the state pen 
 Got hung up by the jury, co-defendant made a statement 
 Stop. Look. Listen. What is it you sniffing? 
 Got killers in my crew 
 If I was you, I'd keep my distance 
 To make it more personal, watch me slip the clip in 
 That's on my life 
 But when it come to mics, I'm on my Pippin 
 Ain't hard to find, a brother gotta grind to make a living 
 These players making millions but owners make decisions 
 This here's the bottom line I don't think you wanna cross 
 I'm Tony Danza with it 
 Now admit it, who the boss? 
 (With the bullshit)