Teeth marks on the skin 
 The greatest trick the devil ever played was to take away my friend 
 I got your face engraved into my flesh 
 So I can try to make amends with that day I won't forget 
 In Minnesota I flew in so that we could both record 
 Me and Kristoff Krane were supposed to go on tour 
 Nobody answered, we were knocking on your door 
 And when they carried out your body, I was staring at your shoes on the floor 
 Still the answers never come 
 Your funeral was beautiful, it captured what you loved 
 I sat there in a stupor, fractured by the hugs 
 That I gave your family members, growing sadder by the months 
 But I won't dwell inside the ends 
 And that's not what you would want, you would tell me find connections 
 To the world and to tell it my confessions 
 The hell that I invest in is a part of something bigger 
 Words that you would write, they would carve into the center 
 Right on target till they start to fill my heart up with the letters 
 Shadows have shadows and it's darker than remembered 
 When this story has an ending to the part I had together with my friend 
 Absence makes the heart grow fonder of the time before the absence 
 And the nights spent trying to imagine 
 When you played I was blinded by the magic you displayed 
 I tried to reenact it in a way 
 I need the dark today to see the stars decay 
 'Cause if I can fall asleep, then I can dream we are awake 
 Another shot of Jameson and PBR to chase 
 Another conversation in a seedy bar to play, right? 
 Man, this side of me's the worst 
 When I'm terrified that all I'll leave's a dynasty of dirt 
 But you believed in me and I believed your words 
 So in turn, I believed in things when I would need the courage 
 To move on, on and on and on and on it goes 
 When I'm nodding off an awful lot to songs that you had wrote 
 I want to honor all the art and progress that you showed 
 I miss my confidant and honest talks allotted on the phone 
 With you Mike -- I wish that I could hug you again 
 It's getting harder to pretend and I can't undo what's been 
 Thanks for being someone I could come to, a friend 
 I hope I make you proud -- I love you, the end 
 (Snippet of Micheal "Eyedea" Larsen, spoken) 
 Isn't a person just a collection of their mistakes, and also their, kind of, undoing of their mistakes? I mean, what else are you? You know, you're always... you're always just the reaction to the bad parts of yourself, I think. And I think that's what is kind of like, a driving motivation behind any human being that's... who wants to continue to grow and live life. 'Cause they're looking at their flaws and trying to, go beyond it. And I think that a person, you know, essentially dies when they think that they found themselves, ya know? Unless you want to admit that you, yourself, are not an individual, and are just part of a whole... movement of ideas, and thought, and culture, and humanity and, furthermore, the universe, and everything -- unless you really feel like that, and you're walking through walls, you know, you are always trying to find yourself. And it's usually a person who believes that they've found "the answer" -- found "the end" -- that there actually is a psychological end. And then what's the point of, you know, doing anything after that?