(Hook: DV Alias Khrist) 
 This game is fouled, I told my broad I won't be coming home 
 I lost my job, I lost my mind, lost everything I own 
 The city got me fucked up... yo these pigs got me fucked up... 
 Music on the radio is fucked up, I hop in the truck and only want to feel the pain 
 (Hook: Chino XL) 
 Chino XL, and fuck everybody else! 
 Fuck everybody else! fuck everybody else! 
 Immortal Technique and fuck everybody else! 
 Fuck everybody else! fuck everybody else! 
 Psycho Realm and fuck everybody else! 
 Fuck everybody else! fuck everybody else! 
 Real lyricists and fuck everybody else! 
 All my street soldiers STAND UP! 
 Arm yourselves! 
 (Verse 1: Sick Jacken) 
 What the fuck happened to rap? I need to put my lyrical clip in 
 It's on homie, gun clapping is back 
 These pop acts make me wanna pop cats 
 This whole shit is fucked up 'cause radio just broadcast trash 
 Surround the wack, blast my semi-auto tracks 
 Launching deadly hollow caps and taking out the whack 
 And many follow that, swallow that... 
 I'll burn you vocal like I'm bottle Jack 
 You thought you had the streets 'cause I was gone 
 Well we just got 'em back! Homie you can check my team 
 It's super ugly when you get us all together, Sick, Tech and Chi 
 This reign of terror won't end with me 
 I spawned a little psycho 'cause my baby momma kept that seed 
 Now I'mma take a little trip to these radio stations 
 Grab them punk ass DJs, wave guns in their faces 
 If they don't play my shit then it's "Welcome to Hell" 
 'Cause all we want is Immortal Tech, Chino and the Psycho Realm! 
 (Hook: DV Alias Khrist) 
 (Hook: Chino XL) 
 Immortal Technique and fuck everybody else! 
 Fuck everybody else! fuck everybody else! 
 Psycho Realm and fuck everybody else! 
 Fuck everybody else! fuck everybody else! 
 Chino XL and fuck everybody else! 
 Fuck everybody else! fuck everybody else! 
 Real lyricists and fuck everybody else! 
 All my street soldiers STAND UP! 
 Arm yourselves! 
 (Verse 2: Chino XL) 
 Chino's ill, slap off your cosmetics 
 I arm myself like a veteran putting on prosthetics 
 My barbaric genetics bring pain, (?) 
 The only Revolution that you've ever seen is Prince's group and Purple Rain 
 Deranged monster is sponsored (?) 
 You get shit on and pissed on like Tila Tequila at a Juggalos concert 
 Ain't tryna be glamorous, hammers we snap like cameras 
 I'm fuckin' intense like teenage camp councilors 
 Spit blood through your stereo, there we go, time for you burial 
 Fag niggers after you rhyme say no hetero (hahaha) 
 My murderous sentences, no secrets where my weapons is 
 Locked in the closet next to pop rappers sexual preferences 
 Amber alert, your girls mouth ran away with my kids 
 If you're sick then I should be diagnosed with three days to live 
 You slip I kidnap you and give you a mean death 
 Beat you with your Blackberry till there's barely a screen left 
 Jack and Tech my dawgs like Andrés in the Philippines 
 My mistress is villainy, rape and pillage 'em lyrically 
 My symphony's sinfully biblically loved by killers 
 Who gives a fuck who's the greatest rapper alive as-long as Chino's the illest! 
 (Hook: DV Alias Khrist) 
 (Verse 3: Immortal Technique) 
 Fuck a silent Revolution, soldier, I'm on the warpath 
 I'll throw my commandments down on your platinum calf 
 You'll get your face slashed like a Riker's Island reminder 
 Behind ya snipers will find ya whether you run to China 
 Or try to crawl the fuck back in your mother's vagina, (bitch!) 
 And I don't need a fuckin' co-signer (hahaha) 
 To murder gassed up underground niggas like coal miners 
 Bring it back paying homage to the old timers 
 I was bred as a carnivore, bred as a cannibal 
 Flow sicker than pictures of people fuckin' animals 
 Like a car crash ripped in half neck to the crotch 
 Muthafuckas scared to stare but they secretly watch 
 Niggas wanna play Shaytan? Well let's get it on 
 I fire missiles like the fuckin' shit that hit the Pentagon 
 You not strong enough to do a song with me I'm the truth 
 Like Tina Turner muthafucka, you'll get raped in a booth! 
 (Hook: DV Alias Khrist) 
 (Hook: Chino XL)