They call me lyrical... Jesus 
 They call me lyrical... Jesus 
 I'm only second to... Jesus 
 I'm only lyrical... Jesus 
 Now as I'm peeling myself down off of the crucifix 
 Smiling like Jesus in the den of thieves tempting bitches 
 Like the serpent tempted Eve 
 Making it rain for seven days and seven nights 
 Had several beats and several careers and several fights 
 My lyrical rites make your spine hottest 
 My rhymes stand out like a white boy on the Globetrotters 
 Only child stuck up, selfish 
 Buy my records and shine my shoes, treat a nigga like Elvis 
 Ancient, melodic, mystic messiah 
 Make MC's heads bob like Muhammad Ali's from Parkinson's disease 
 Flows you get lost in 
 Louder than Michael Irvin when he's snortin' 
 Taking a time machien to talk my mommy into giving an abortion 
 I don't want to hear you wack motherfuckers hating me 
 Niggas is Australian they're so far beneath me 
 Ever since Pac dissed me, Jersey tried to front on me 
 Now I'm so vain/vein you could probably draw blood from me 
 So why you doubtin? 
 I'm embezzling more money than Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's accountant 
 And spitting blood like Gene Simmons but that's irrelevant 
 This industry prays I go away like Arrested Development 
 Smilin' (?) in a tenement 
 Now they got me on rewind to dig up a piece of my mind 
 But if y'all dig any deeper you might not like what you find 
 Pac died and I cried but I'mma represent it 
 When it comes to dissing my shit make Makaveli sound like Macarena 
 Jesus Christ superstar immunity 
 Got you apologizing like Marlon Brando did the whole Jewish community 
 Hiding like Anne Frank, your mind is stomped like I wrote Mein Kampf 
 Changing stone rhymes to bread with one wave of my hands 
 Son of God, defy me better have a whole army 
 Or make plans to leave America using the maps of Marcus Garvey 
 Back up off me, nah nigga it ain't all good 
 My name is offa more blocks than Lexuses is Puerto Rican neighborhoods 
 Make you shut the fuck up, like wifey when the fight's on 
 Lyrical Jesus, I got Satan sleeping with the lights on 
 I have existed before man and will exist after man 
 I am an everyman yet I am no man therefore I am a God 
 Sounds odd 
 But my talent is priceless 
 So I rise on the wicked and the good 
 And rain on the righteous and the unrighteous 
 Jesus 
 They call me lyrical... Jesus 
 I'm a spiritual... Jesus 
 I'm only second to... Jesus 
 Straigt up, yo Kurt drop some old school shit 
 Drop an old beat so we can reminsce on something check it 
 Rappers stepping to me... they wanna get some 
 But I'm XL so yo, you know the outcome 
 Another victory, keep that gun in your holster 
 My rhymes is off the wall like my Big Daddy Kane poster 
 I gets a lot of love the beat searchers hate it man 
 Come as recycled bullshit but you're leaving as a Chino fan 
 That's how I know I'm God; nobody believes in me 
 I make you wait while I stand in handicapped parking legally 
 Erik Estrada making chips 
 Handling fists to get rich 
 I'm going overboard like strong-willed Africans off of ships 
 Illest lyrics ever invented, said it, meant it 
 You're hearing more claps than inside a Vietnam V.D. clinic, get it? 
 Listen inattentive and get no wins 
 Don't make me get beside myself like identical twins 
 My cynical friends still quoting my old rhymes, my mind is a gold mine 
 The shit is bugged like Martin Luther King's phone lines 
 Closed minds mass phenomenon, starving like Ramadan 
 If lines was episodes of Star Trek you niggas couldn't Kling-on 
 Bugged out metaphor 
 Got east coast bitches saying "No he didn't" 
 While down south bitches be like "Oh no, hell no" 
 I made a man blind 
 So he didn't have to witness the wickedness of world gone cold 
 Falling off on stages like Bob Dole 
 Trying to keep my balance 
 Cause good and evil are having a custody battle over my soul 
 Like Macaulay Culkin's parents 
 My hair's like lamb's wool, so fuck what your friends say 
 You don't want to get off on the wrong foot like Kunta Kente 
 So now it's going down, ta-dow 
 Niggas better learn how to rhyme 
 Before they tell the lyrical Jesus he should bow down 
 Love your enemies, even in the lion's den 
 Turn them to a pillar of salt, forgive them Father they know not why they sin 
 Niggas coming sideways, and I've been that in the past 
 But now I'm half past giving a shit 
 And at a quarter till I'mma bust your fucking ass! 
 Just chill 
 They call me lyrical... Jesus 
 They call me lyrical... Jesus 
 I'm only second to... Jesus 
 They call me lyrical... Jesus 
 I'm sending rappers to... 
 Guess I have to explain this one too.