(Song intro) 
 (Girl talking) 
 Yo stop driving crazy! 
 (Chino) 
 Shut the fuck up yo! I drive... Yo word is bond, I need a sign, yo 
 I'm stopping right here till I get a sign 
 (Lightning Sounds) 
 (Chino) 
 Look at that shit! What's that nigga? Oh shit yo! I can't believe this... 
 (Angel Speaks) 
 Chino my love, although many will come before you, 
 Trying to be just like you, there will never be another you. 
 You've traveled so far to get here. 
 Don't allow the world to make you forget why. 
 Our ancestors are with you, and will lead you. 
 Never let your mental conquer me 
 Never love my enemy 
 You could never take my history 
 You could never block my destiny 
 Never did love follow me 
 And I'll never return to poverty 
 Never fooled by Satan's jealousy 
 Until my heaven inherits me... 
 I won't lie, some nights I feel like I've been forsaken by God 
 Victimized, plagarized like Speilberg did Amistad 
 He who laughs last laughs best but never again is the mantra that I cry... 
 I spit like Ming the merciless, blissless bliss high risk piss 
 Clench fist, the massicistic sadistic from every verse on this 
 Behold my serpents hair like purseus ill impossibly, 
 Larceny, broken velocity through lightning speed viscosity 
 My philosophy, speak animosity keep shit in a bag like a colostomy 
 I'm pro you're junior varsity 
 If "Twelve Angry Viewers" on MTV 
 Diss my shit I'll hunt down and kill 'em all individually 
 I make headlines considerably 
 Sorcery with no plea bargain, or jargon, or glossary 
 Fuck the Insane Clown Posse, of rap their making a mockery 
 You'll retire like Seinfeld waiting on titles that I've held 
 Rockin' gold like Dennis Leary blasting assassins sent to kill me 
 Feel me, you take notes like court stenography, you better watch me, 
 I take beef personally to your villa steps like Versace 
 More Colt 45's than Billy Dee, collecting disability 
 I'll shoot out with Bill and Hillary, still won't run out of artillery 
 While you trying to make all net like Iver-son or Jor-don 
 I'm extor-tin trying to make all net like Forbes to make a for-tune 
 Stick that ass in phone booth's, drinking 151 proof 
 Laughing at that bitch with a gold tooth 
 Flicking my ashes out of a sunroof 
 Uncooth industry snotty and shady can't no Bible save me, 
 From throwing you offmy tour bus like Bobby did Whitney and baby 
 Get with me? Maybe, but then be hunted 
 You ain't no killer or gangster smiling 
 Or dancing interviewed by Teen Summit 
 My multi-topical written flows containing subjects that vary, 
 But still all relative like West Virginian's before they marry 
 I blind you in stereo or mono I'm deluxe while you ride econo 
 Out of there, broke like the first host of the Vibe show 
 Your wives know I fuck like 
 Marky Mark on Boogie Nights while Guinessed out, 
 While famous bitches give me head with Pop Rocks in their mouths 
 Me disappear? Never again, go to war with Vatican men 
 It'll take a whole cast of E.R. to have your ass walking again 
 You're an over-rated player that white fans love like DiMaggio 
 You off-air like Wendy Williams, out of the air like John Denver 
 Till forever you remember, I'm falling off? Never... 
 (Girl Singing) 
 I'm god... 4X 
 Never can you stop my hostility 
 Never love my enemy 
 Never get me out your memory 
 I am never beaten lyrically 
 Never fear, go head and murder me 
 So my God will be right next to me... 
 I'm descending from the sky like Gabriel the arch angel 
 With weight of world on shoulders like Aretha Franklin's ankles 
 You liars, I'm tired of all your fake drug dealing tales 
 The only time y'all see grams is when y'all drink them gingerales 
 I hold the hammer to, your head piece flush you! like genitals 
 I'll battle and bring evil that'll make your priest abandon you 
 Through translucent fuschia zones poems, my vocal tones are dark 
 Catacombs that'll scatter domes with the phermones of old bones 
 In Germany eternally my victim hemorages internally 
 Until the stench of decaying flesh, accompany Manson's death 
 If you ask, bet, I'll take your breath a different aspect 
 Enter the lung get shredded by person to person contact 
 But beyond that, any rappers death I'm behind that 
 I'll get that ass touced in any jail you do time at 
 In every verse ditto 
 My defeat, you better have more blindfolded Faith 
 Than a kidnapped version of Biggie's widow 
 Kiddo, you ain't worth hospitals till I'm hospitable enough 
 To put you inside of a hospital after I smoke critical amounts of dust 
 Thus my mind spoke on Jedi pedestals and roasting demos 
 Semi seminals who try to test testicles of this MC's quotables 
 I'll make the proudest of all Dominicans swing flags for Puerto Rico 
 And kill any blanco gringo referring to Chino as chico 
 By summoning the smoldering murdering minister that's mastering mayhem 
 Slaying day out and day in out'spoke'n like a dayton 
 Rim that be keeping 'em staggering through lyrical pattern and 
 Traveling through my abdomen unraveling 
 At the speed of a javelin still reppin' Vatican 
 And invade like Mexican notify next to kin cats I'm invested in 
 Don't worship Christ, they worship the thieves crucified next to him 
 Poison men cringes, from poison pen syringes 
 These niggas couldn't be stars if they were thrown by Chinese ninjas 
 Chino you bring phantasm plus you G like the dwellas 
 And been touched by an angel like Della, me fear y'all niggas? 
 Never...