Hey, now everybody sit down and shut the fuck up! 
 Class is now in session 
 If you came here to hear that lovey dovey shit, get the fuck out! 
 If you soft and scared of hardcore shit, get the fuck out! 
 For those who love raw shit, welcome to Sickology 101 
 Your instructor for today is, Tech N9ne! 
 (Tech N9ne) 
 This is style I use pitch, to catch and seduce chicks 
 To signal the true sick, mellow tone is what you spit 
 Switching the pattern, bust out that quick midwest chatter 
 Some people hate but it ain't mattering, but the people gather, it's flattering 
 Switching the pitch, mixing, there's no need to be stiff in this bitch 
 Spitting full clips on a mission for bliss when I be ripping this shit 
 Make it exciting, got to be inviting when you're writing your piece 
 Never be dick riding, if you're going to be biting, you're igniting the beast 
 This is melodic, melodies, if you got it 
 Mix it hot as tamales, you singing off-key is garbage 
 If you can't keep an octave in a pocket, you need to stop it 
 Have confidence, speak with conviction, don't put 'em asleep when you rock it 
 This is harmony, Nina's taking you through it 
 Make it buttery, utterly beautiful, make it fluid 
 Sickology 101 is in session, I thought you knew it 
 We murderin motherfuckers in music, that's how we do it! 
 Get! (On your feet!) Up! (Out your seat!) 
 Get! (On your feet!) Up! (Out your seat!) 
 Get! (On your feet!) Up! (Out your seat!) 
 Such an oddity with it, this is Sickology 
 Get! (On your feet!) Up! (Out your seat!) 
 Get! (On your feet!) Up! (Out your seat!) 
 Get! (On your feet!) Up! (Out your seat!) 
 From our west coast instructor, Crooked I (Crooked I) 
 (Crooked I) 
 My killer Daytons can keep me crushing the competition 
 Coming correct when creating the crazy composition 
 Cannibal character, Calico carrier, got a crooked copper missing 
 Cali killers on candid cock emissions 
 That was constant consonant wordplay 
 Wordplay rhymes with Thursday and thirsty, if I'm thirst-ay! 
 I change the pronunciation of words, per se 
 The English language got to do whatever my verse say 
 So if you want to learn to rap, this is how (this is how) 
 Right now I'm putting swag in my style (in my style) 
 It's a emphasis on the simplest sentences 
 Then I give 'em charisma with a laugh and a smile (and a smile) 
 If you want your verses to cost higher 
 Then your similes got to be hot as a live wire 
 You need some better metaphors 
 For example, this song is a war zone and you listeners in the cross fire 
 From our east coast instructor, Chino XL 
 (Chino XL) 
 Everybody start locking their windows and doors, Chino might get in 
 It's like lightning, how I'm striking a trifling rifleman 
 Bullets flying up and I'm numbing the bum, like it's Vicodin 
 So much metal in his spine, he could get rich from the recycling! (yeah!) 
 Chino be curdling blood, don't get burned from the buzz 
 I speak with conviction, like what Da Brat just heard from the judge 
 Bludgeon no love, industry hate me yo 
 I'd rather hear Hannah Montana, than half of you rappers on the radio! 
 Starting drama with Chino, God forbid 
 Auction my lyrics on eBay, that's God for bid 
 Problem is lyric Jesus is more than a man 
 With a sick delivery, like I drive a coroner van (damn) 
 I'm demented, spitting writtens as sick as I can 
 Grenade gripping, fitting to detonate Disneyland 
 I am teaching Sickology, try to follow how every punch line hits 
 Like Chris Brown's fist in the face of Rihanna 
 Yes I got to be vicious, this is Sickology 
 For those who don't know what the fuck's going on 
 This is Sickology 101, you punk motherfuckers! 
 Let's kill these niggas