Y'all coward niggaz make a nigga like me laugh, 
 What the fuck? yeah, yeah... chargin y'all niggaz 
 Yeah, yeah... behold the only thing greater than yourself 
 I'll slash ya grill, don't start me 
 You'll be the only entertainer with less groupies than Biz Markie 
 I'm never dull, Chino the pretty thug, style centerfold, 
 I'll have every latin in the country aimin at ya skull 
 I'll aim it at the Pope if he claimin he sellin the most dope 
 My Jersey blocks is locked tighter than prisoners hold soap 
 And listeners where we vote out ya CD and vinyl, the final result 
 Yell, fuck tricks and smoke, till our vocals combine with a Colt 
 They playin' this in every club, whip, party and bar you in 
 Give you more blood clots than two jamaicans arguin 
 Sweat till ya fake silver platinum chains is tarnishin 
 Women shakin they ovaries, look what we accomplishin, what... 
 We got better lyrics than you got "What You Got?" 
 We got better bitches than you got "What You Got?" 
 We run with more killas than you got "What You Got?" 
 We got better whips than you got "What You Got?" 
 We got better cribs than you got "What You Got?" 
 We got better bitches than you got "What You Got?" 
 We run with more killas than you got "What You Got?" 
 We got better lyrics than you got "What You Got?" 
 Coming to kill me, I can't hear that 
 Fear is a stimulus I haven't been programmed to feel yet 
 Snatch you outta your Roots like I'm from Illadelph 
 What I do to push your hairline back, Rogaine wont help 
 My Quest for the Wealth, like Stone Cold Austin's quest for the belt 
 I mention myself as a celestial cell, an extension of hell 
 At a lynching I smile, cut myself down, murder your guest list 
 My style never a drag like they do black men in Texas 
 Next rapper to mention this, I'ma show them the real threat 
 'Cause I'ma ride till my daughters like "Daddy are we there yet?" 
 Ain't no priest in the streets, only drugs before miracles 
 See more keys than a lot of Hammer's repossessed vehicles 
 Told you I was coming, you ain't believe I'm assumin 
 If we all super heroes, these bitch niggaz must be Wonder Women 
 Fist to fist, skin to skin, I make you fall flat 
 Brat little niggaz, the tat on my shoulder cover they whole back 
 Can't hold back, splatter they whole rap to match my ((?)) 
 Shittin on MC's, wipin my ass on they notebooks 
 How the broke crooks in videos leave me stressed 
 I'll turn on channel 2 if I wanna CBS, bitch 
 (Chorus w/ slight variation) 
 Least but not last, I'll blast an informant 
 Until he has the cash to put end to his torment 
 Now shine up the brass for his coffin 
 I'm last of the rawest, my passion ain't dormant 
 I've mastered the forces, I rap to the chorus, 
 My cast is enormous, I'm fast and I'm cautious 
 Twenty inch arms stronger than forklifts 
 Smoke hash in front of reporters till I choke and they nauseous 
 And smash through the glass of your Porsche's 
 Show you how Newark is as hard as divorces 
 Lay you out dead in the grass on the forest 
 My craft is flawless, have ya flesh wrapped in a blackened sausage 
 Blood Splashed across it for rhymin like a fag in a cordless 
 Murder all witnesses, nosey, standing on porches, 
 Like torches, super human, Chino's skin never scorches 
 Drape your family reunion in black funeral mourners 
 Have cats that sell ya drugs for you, avoid usual corners 
 I never lost this mad lust to be rap's Colossus 
 Breakin companies, Jersey got women strapped inside they office 
 I got... DJ Supporters and women makin' sex offers 
 I got... A crib like a fortress, tuition for all my daughters 
 I got... Rhymes hot like sauna's, and thousands from Time Warner 
 I got... Killas on every corner, surrounded by jewish lawyers 
 What what what... 
 (Chorus w/ slight variation)