It's like that y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 And that's all! 
 Street's disciple, my raps are trifle 
 I shoot slugs from my brain just like a rifle 
 Stampede the stage, I leave the microphone split 
 Play Mr Tuffy while I'm on some Pretty Tone shit 
 Verbal assassin, my architect pleases 
 When I was twelve, I went to hell for snuffing Jesus 
 Nasty Nas is a rebel to America 
 Police murderer, I'm causing hysteria 
 My troops roll up with a strange force 
 I was trapped in a cage and let out by the Main Source 
 Swimming in women like a lifeguard 
 Put on a bulletproof nigga I strike hard 
 Kidnap the President's wife without a plan 
 And hanging niggas like the Ku Klux Klan 
 I melt mics till the sound wave's over 
 Before stepping to me you'd rather step to Jehovah 
 Slamming MC's on cement 
 Cause verbally, I'm iller than a AIDS patient 
 I move swift and uplift your mind 
 Shoot the gif when I riff in rhyme 
 Rapping sniper, speaking real words 
 My thoughts react, like Steven Spielberg's 
 Poetry attacks, paragraphs punch hard 
 My brain is insane, I'm out to lunch, God 
 Science is dropped, my raps are toxic 
 My voicebox locks and excels like a rocket 
 It's like that y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 And that's all! 
 Fatal is merciful and they curse me 
 When I grip the mic I show no mercy 
 I got heart, I rip the party apart 
 From the seams and hem up like bell-bottom jeans 
 But you get done, you get blues like 501 
 Brothers are live but I bet ya I'm liver son 
 So let me get upon the scene and redeem 
 The dream of a team, and knock 'em out like Mitch Green 
 Smoke some thai weed, flow at a high speed 
 Rap on off breaks stomping like Northlakes 
 'Cause I'm living larger than the founders of Fendi 
 An Asiatic brother that many rappers envy 
 So round up your crew and entourage 
 And let the God Merciful just take charge 
 It's like that y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 And that's all! 
 Some of them said (said what?) that the Ak should quit 
 But I don't sweat it, 'cause I'm too big for that small shit 
 Like pigs when it comes to a showdown 
 Huff and puff but the Ak won't get blown down 
 'Cause I come strong, rather than come at all and not be ready 
 That's what separates me from the petty 
 MC's gas themselves by drinking too much Getty 
 And get torn the fuck up like confetti 
 I'm rich and thick, your lyrics like Aunt Jemima 
 It doesn't take Keenan Ivory Wayans to know that I'mma 
 Get you sucker if you bite like a piranha 
 So save them preschool rhymes for the kids at Wonderama 
 Point blank, period, with no comma 
 Rhymes so dangerous, call for the homicide 
 'Cause I knock 'em dead even when I'm at my worst 
 The only future that lies ahead of them is the lights from the hearse 
 Got game like a crackhead 
 But don't be misled, I keep rappers on lock like a dread 
 Knots in the head from the words that I said 
 So get a shovel and dig your grave cause the shit you talk is dead 
 It's like that y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 And that's all! 
 I grab up girls like jacks 
 Add 'em on like tax, and I'm over like Hot Trax 
 As far as brothers are concerned a pressure cooker from start 
 To finish I diminish like a Cuisinart 
 Secondly, I'm sick of critics, who's necking me 
 (Ooh he got an afro) yo, but I got dough 
 Why's my name the Large Professor? 
 'Cause I milked your cow in other words I hit your heifer 
 Don't talk about how you can break Rambo 
 That's just a bunch of mamba-ja-hambo 
 Propaganda, save it for Savanda 
 Joe and Amanda, Zach and Alexandra 
 Don't let the folks around your way puff your head 
 'Cause you'll be the owner of a hospital bed 
 I'll kick fire out your ass so fast 
 You'll be as crispy as my man Bill Blass 
 It's like that y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 That y'all (that y'all!), that y'all (that y'all!) 
 And that's all!