Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's go 
 (Let's go) 
 Right about now, we need all the ladies to hit the danceflo' 
 (Dominicana) 
 If you got a big ol' booty 
 (Cubana, Mexicana) 
 And you like to set that motherfucker, let's go 
 (Colombiana) 
 (Boricua) 
 Pitbull, Lil' Jon, hey, hey 
 ¡Ahora que si, esa hevita esta enterita tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Qué rica chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Hazme el favor y menéate, chica, tienes tremendo culo! 
 Pull up to the club, walk in then I 
 Pull up to the bar, get drinks then I 
 Pull up to a broad let her know what it is 
 How it is, why it is, what it is 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey) 
 I ain't got time for no games 
 I'm hopin', mami, that you feel the same 
 I got what you need to feel the pain 
 Here's my number, call me 
 When you're up for an even exchange 
 Feel me, let me see you 
 Do that dirty dance, dirty dance 
 Mami, feel me let me see you touch your toes 
 Or shake that thing and talk with your ass 
 Feel me! All my chicos, all my Jamaicans 
 (Put your hands up) 
 All my Haitians 
 'Cause they know, I'm a rep' 
 'Til the day that they kill me, pull up 
 ¡Esa evita, esta enterita tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Qué rica, chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Hazme el favor y menéate, chica, tienes tremendo culo! 
 Mami got the ass and thighs like Trina and J. Lo 
 Multiply it, she's off the chain off the glass, off the flip 
 And with a couple more drinks I'll be off the hip, mayn 
 I'll be wearin' her out and when I'm finished 
 Paramedics gon' be carryin' her out, mayn 
 (That's right) 
 The night is young and if you shave 
 (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey) 
 I'll give you some of this mighty tongue, hey 
 Be easy, go ahead, please me, talk to me sleezy, baby 
 (Yeah) 
 I wanna freak, a monster in bed, last thing I need is a lady 
 ¡Esa evita, esta enterita, tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Esta tan linda, esta tan rica, tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Qué rica, chiquita, pero que importa si tiene tremendo culo! 
 ¡Hazme el favor y menéate, chica, tienes tremendo culo! 
 Culo, hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit, hey 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit, hey 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit, hey 
 Hey, hey, hey, hey shake that shit, hey