[Intro - Lil Jon] (Pitbull) {Usher} 
 Usher, Lil Jon, Ludacris... 
 {Yeah man} It's on 
 (Dale Usher, cantale a la mujeres alli) 
 {You know we had to do it again right?} We had to do it again boy (como?) 
 Want you to sing to these ladies man, {Oh-oh-oh-oh, aight so I'm up first? oh-oh-oh-oh} 
 {Let's do it} 
 (Verse One - Usher) 
 Baby, how you doin'? 
 Looked at you fine, wanna know what you got in mind, and I'm... 
 Got me feelin' like Jodeci girl, I can't leave you alone 
 Take a shot of this here Petrone', and it's gon' be on 
 VIP done got way too crowded, I'm about to end up callin' it a night 
 You should, holla at your girl tell her (??) 
 Pull off, beep-beep shotgun in a GT with me 
 She said ooh-oh... I'm ready to ride, yeah 
 'Cause once you get inside you can't change your mind 
 Don't mean to sound impatient, but you gotta promise baby, oh... 
 (Chorus - Usher) 
 Tell me again (tell me again my baby) 
 That we'll be lovers and friends (ooh, I gotta know baby, oh yeah) 
 Tell me again, (make sure you're right, oh before we leave) 
 That we'll be lovers and friends, oh, it's a good look baby 
 (Verse Two - Ludacris) 
 Really good look baby, look here 
 Sometime wanna be yo' lover, sometime wanna be yo' friend 
 Sometime wanna hug ya' 
 Hold hands, slow-dance while the record spins 
 Opened up yo' heart because you said I make you feel so comfortable 
 Used to play back then, now you all grown up like Rudy Huxtable 
 I could be yo' bud, you could beat me up 
 Play fight in the dark, then we both make up 
 I do, anything just to feel yo' butt, why you, got me so messed up? 
 I don't know but you gotta stop trippin' 
 Be a good girl now turn around and get these whippins 
 You know you like it like that, you don't have to fight back 
 Here's a pillow, bite... that 
 And I'll be settin' separate plays 
 So on all the separate days, yo' legs can go they separate, ways 
 (Verse Three - Pitbull) 
 Ven pa'qa mamita, dejame hablar contigo un momentico 
 I don't, wanna be yo' lover I just wanna be yo' friend with benefits (benefits) 
 I'm comin' over so, go ahead and bathe go ahead and shave 
 'Cause tonight's yo' night baby you gon' benefit 
 I wanna feel yo' body inside out, pull it out jump on, and ride out 
 But first, let me check in this hotel, turn off the cell' dale loquita let's hide out 
 Yo te quiero tocar, te quiero besar, quiero hacerte el amor 
 Aqui, alla, no importa el lugar, dale vamos sudar 
 Yo soy el hombre que te pone mas que caliente, pero 
 Haste' el favor muñeca, lo que pasa en la cama no le diga a la gente 
 'Cause that's when they start to envy, but forget about the people 
 And with this Vodka in me I'ma have you sayin' ai-ai ai-ai chico 
 Now let's uh, end the night of right, uh 
 Tell you what baby, don't worry 'bout me, I'm just gon' fall asleep inside ya' 
 [Outro - Ludacris] (Usher) {Lil Jon} 
 (Ah-ah-hoo, ah-ah-hoo, ah-ah-hoo...) 
 Please tell yo' lovers and friends 
 That Ursher, Jon', and Luda' had to do it again {Hey, hey) 
 Uh, please tell yo' lovers and friends 
 That Ursher, Jon', and Luda' had to do it again (hey) 
 Please tell yo' lovers and friends 
 That Ursher, Jon', and Luda' had to do it again (hey)