(Psst... hey I bet you thought the record was over didn't you?) 
 Come away from that air time 
 Mighta gunned your ass 
 (Come on!) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 What you wanna do with all these girls? (COME ON) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 That boy that love the rock 
 My homeboy got more sound than a goddamn jukebox 
 That nigga like tupac 
 Wanted to do derrty songs but one day (don't stop) 
 That boy gon hurt sumthin 
 When they come out at dis time watchin numbers 
 (Money jangling) (5,10,15) while the money keep pilin up 
 Had to get another money machine 
 Cause the first one I had don't work no mo' 
 Hadda get me some new cars, with new rims and chrome bars 
 Kinda glad that they made a h2 with the button in the middle 
 I miss my uh-uh 
 Like I miss my grandma 
 With a crisco can on the back of the stove 
 Beda fry me up some catcus with a side of okra 
 Y'all ready to have some fun? 
 Gimme a holla at the back of the club 
 I got that what they want 
 They want that bumpty-bump 
 I know what nigga shit hot right now 
 Dawg, but his shit is cold 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 What you wanna do with all these girls? (COME ON) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom (COME ON) 
 Big bird, big bird got a new flock 
 And when they flap comes over to the next block 
 We parked got our cars on the place 
 With the space with signs that say ain't no park 
 If I come outside and they boot my guys (so?) I just snoop doggs drivin' 
 3 wheels go on one side, hard knocks, crank the 9 
 With a carolina baseball hat pulled down so the sun don't go in my eyes 
 We the type of guy the girl they dad don't like 
 With that ol colonge on they used 12 they come in here smellin just like it 
 My hand just banch the lightin 
 His daughter apples ripe 
 Just squeeze the dad out and pull one down and lemme just bite it 
 'Whatchu doin' in there with the lights off? y'all get in the livin' room right now' 
 Now I wish he take his ass to a motherfuckin bingo store (bingo) 
 He can make that mine my bad he forgot where he put the viagra (HEY!) 
 (I bet you thought the record was over didn't you?) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom I said 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom I said I said I said 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom I said I said I said 
 Now what am I gunna go with all these girls, girls? (HEY) 
 Coochie coochie ya ya ooh 
 Put yo hand on the back of that stool 
 Uh-uh, you beda not move 
 Stop actin' like this ain't sumthin you used to 
 I know you since high school 
 When they come to you in a jam how they put you ina tutu 
 Ya name ring bells in the neighborhood 
 Best head in the whole wide world 
 Prettiest chest the all be gapin wallin 
 Almost make a nigga a he steal 
 Bet ya ass next time fore your ass 
 Come somewhere you ain't spose to come 
 And get tapped on till that thang come 
 And ya face swell up like it busted open 
 Trojan, hip hop got a whole lotta bump 
 Now get on outta here (through them doors) 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom I said 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom I said I said I said 
 Meet me in the boys bathroom I said I said I said 
 Now what am I gunna go with all these girls, girls? (HEY) 
 Good afternoon, my name is thomas jefferson leon-matthews the fourth 
 I am a resident of the carolinas 
 And has been a citizen of the united states of America 
 Ever since the day I was born 
 Um, I come from a small town called kenansville 
 On the other side of wilmington, north carolina 
 And I'd just like to say that 
 This, um, hippity-hop, um, (rap music) rap music 
 That they got in the communities today 
 Is destroying our community 
 We had a nice, lovely... community it was safe 
 And we could go to the store 
 We could buy (bread) tomatoes and mayonaise 
 We could get everything we wanted 
 And without worryin about driveby shootings 
 And um, gang violence, and I just wanna ban their souls to hell 
 I, I curse their names i, I can't stand the motherfuckers 
 I wish that... i... they're, look these fuckin' dubs, and 
 Hey shut the fuck up!