(Petey arguing with cop) 
 "All inmates are asked to stay inside the cell" 
 Hey dog, you think I could make my phone call? 
 Hey look, what you need to do is sit down 
 I just wanna make my phone call 
 Just sit down 
 Hey, I get a phone call for this motherfucker 
 Fuck you 
 Hey fuck you too ya bastard 
 I just want my fuckin' phone call 
 "Sgt. Ellis : Please come to the front gate" 
 I got his ass didn't I? 
 Told him my plan didn't I 
 Thought I was playin' wit him 
 Now he ass out and payin' shit that nigga stank didn't he? 
 Smelled like some old spoiled meat didn't he? 
 When they found him - took 'bout a motherfuckin week didn't it? 
 Down in a motherfuckin creek didn't they? 
 Mr. Roberts found his ass out fishin Sunday evenin' didn't he? 
 Gift-wrapped in a sheet didn't he? 
 Roberts got out of there so fast they didn't ever find his boat did they? 
 I'd like to flip the hood night didn't I? 
 Disrespectful-ass nigga like to ran up on my slab didn't he? 
 Y'all didn't even know I had that thing did ya? 
 Y'all just seen mad niggas haulin-ass across the field didn't ya? 
 (Hey, hey, hey!) that shit pulled a lot of cards didn't he? 
 Especially that bald-head tight t-shirt wearin ass Cindi didn't he? (punk) 
 That nigga ran in up his girl didn't he? (yo what happened) 
 Took her home and ran the train on a trick didn't I? 
 (Sung chorus in the background, man talking man talking over) 
 You are now rockin' wit one of the most real motherfuckers in the rap game 
 97 -Petey Pablo or Petey Too Small as we call him down in Greenville - ya 
 With this new shit "Didn't I" -ya 
 Boy that boy has done a lot of things 
 Petey- tell sumden else you did 
 Thought I was playin' didn't ya? 
 I did everything I said didn't I? 
 I got out of prison and got a major record deal didn't I? 
 You didn't believe me did ya? 
 Ya'know I know you didn't 
 You probably decided that I'd be right back on the street didn't ya? 
 I guess I showed you didn't I? 
 Got in the race and then I won it didn't I? 
 I didn't even rub it in your face did I? 
 I could of got real shitty but I didn't did I? 
 Or got all fly but I didn't did I? (nope) 
 Man, I just kept it all real didn't I? (ya) 
 Brought it right back to the homefront just like I said didn't I? 
 They kept skippin Carolina didn't they? 
 Yo (cough cough) excuse me, can I have your attention didn't I? 
 I fucked 'em up the way I did it didn't I? 
 Came to the city spittin' nothin' but that greasy-grimey-gritty didn't I? 
 I changed a lot of things here didn't I? 
 Came from the back to the front and I had them kissin' a nigga ass didn't I? 
 (Sung chorus in background, man talking over) 
 You real crazy, boy you a trip, you a real trip 
 But hey, but hey, the boy kept it real, he did 
 Oh you thought it was over 
 Hey petey 
 Get real fly on they ass 
 And talk about some shit - some real shit - come on 
 You coulda had me couldn't ya? 
 All that time couldn't ya? 
 Faggot - mad little penny-pinchin ass 
 That little cash wouldn't hurt you would it? 
 Well it shouldn't should it? 
 You wouldn't be broke and not tell us would you? (haha) 
 C'mon, don't laugh, it could happen couldn't it? (yeah) 
 It wouldn't be so bad would it? 
 If I wasn't right there on your ass would it? 
 Such little shit shouldn't effect you should it? 
 Glitter my ass - I'm a star cat (now Petey you shouldn't even be like that) 
 Mother fucker! (mother fucker) 
 Didn't they tell you man? 
 All your dumbness is gunna come back on your monkey ass 
 You gunna be mad at this verse here ain't ya man? 
 I wrote a song a 'bout it 
 Would you like to here it here it comes (ha ha ha ha ha ha) 
 (Chorus sung, with man talking over) 
 Hey let me tell y'all something 
 I wanna tell y'all that this mother fucka here don't give a fuck 
 For real, he is pimp, straight up and motherfuckin down 
 Y'all got to hear this shit 
 Petey Pablo - tha boy be out 19-2000 killin' shit yo 
 Aiyyo we outta here 
 We'll let this motherfuckin beat ride 
 We're gunna let y'all motherfuckers sit there 
 And enjoy the rest of this motherfuckin song 
 Aight, that was just a fly ass intro to this whole thang 
 The whole thang