Are you a gun busting nigga? (Buh-Buh-Buh-Buh) 
 Are you a bitch baggin nigga? (Whu-Whu-Whu-Whu) 
 You got ice and ya chain and ya chong wit your Rolly on, 
 Not just any Rolly but you bought the most expensive one. 
 Hey take ya car keys*Jingle Jingle* to ya class E 
 Big body be for your CD on ya DVD 
 For ya TV in ya head beats 
 In ya back seat (Haha) 
 Y'all think I'm mean 
 Runnin' round talking 'bout the shit that you talking bout 
 How you the drug game sewed up and locked down 
 John Gotti got life and I'm sure he never told nobody 
 Boy lets put on an album so the fuckin' feds could buy it 
 You should be shouting out them bodies you buried 
 Nine millimeters in Tex and dem AK47's 
 Illegal weapon you talking 'bout you snuck in the club 
 You got so many guns 
 Tell me why you rapping stead of getting robbed 
 I got two more verses for (huh) 
 This ain't just to an individual person 
 These questions here for all of ya 
 I can write a song without ice, bitches, and cars, can you mutha fuckas do dat 
 (DO 
 DAT) 
 I can blaze a track without bustin' a gat at a cat, can you mutha fuckas do 
 Dat (DO DAT) 
 Yoouuu gon' have to change up all yo shit in a little bit 
 When the radios in the club get to pumpin dis 
 And they start to finding out what what rappin' really is 
 Now that you know what the song about 
 Y'all probably cussin me out 
 You gonna listen to it anyhow 
 Lets talk about somebody Eskimo 
 Rentin they jewelry from Jacob 
 And don't let me know 
 You got a platinum piece 
 But your chain is plain right gone (?) 
 After the video it gotsta go back to the sto' 
 That's Crazy 
 Talkin' bout some shit you don't own 
 Oughta be ashamed of yourself 
 Yo don't they call that frontin holmes? 
 You ain't Jigga, Nigga 
 Nor can you spin like puff 
 And got a cash money deal 
 So what's your big willy talk for? 
 I get so excited man 
 Your track got me leapin 
 Then you start rhyming and *Yawn* 
 I get sleepy 
 It's a sad situation 
 Record name buggin out 
 'Cause they star artist done ran out of shit to talk about 
 Whoa 
 Yeah that's crazy 
 And you think about it baby 
 Only thing that changed in yo rhyme 
 Was ya day '2000' 
 Oh that shit is hot 
 Put that on the album 
 You heard it with my man 
 Kick that shit (??) 
 Loud and proud 
 Nigga swear he be throwin' down 
 Arthur lose his voice every time he opens his mouth 
 I oughta hold up a signs and boycott they ass right 
 No more muthafuckin sound alikes 
 Sounded like (Mobb Deep!) Sounded like (Jay-Z!) Sounded like (B.I.G.!) 
 And we don't need no more please!