Ch-ch-ch-ch... Yeah 
 (Terror Squad... First Family..) 
 Ah! (Yeah, hahahah!) 
 You see them diamonds gliserin off that three-quarterla (Hahaha) 
 Dat dem dere polyesther (Uh, nigga!) 
 Hahaha, ya heard me? (What the fuck, what the fuck, huh?!) 
 (Terror Squad... First Family...) 
 Oh!, oh! (oh!) oh! (oh!) oh! (oh!) 
 Oh! (oh!) oh! (oh!) 
 (Fat Joe) 
 Yeah, yeah uh 
 Yo it's that motherfuckin Bronx nigga Don shit 
 Run up in yo' mom's crib 
 Ship-stacked biddomb shit - gun up in the palm shit 
 Nobody moves, nobody get whacked with the contrict 
 Yo' shot at they concert, it's locked on the concrete 
 I'm Stone Cold, I mean I slap... then stomp... 
 Then what's to stop my .40 glock from rumblin your calm streets? 
 I'm troubled when I on deep, loco enough for dolo 
 Blow holes in ya carseat and roll over ya Rover 
 Fuck this role model shit I'm finna blow out ya wig 
 Bitch! Throw bottles to kid and get 'em thrown at ya crib 
 It's the return of the worst shit that ever happened 
 Reborn like what's crackin', we formed with raw plastic 
 Blastin off ya doors with an awful passion 
 Forcin the walls to crash in 
 You see them kids, I'll make 'em all bastards 
 Joey Crack - keep it gully 
 Known to clap - keep a fully 
 Automatic mack whodie on my lap - doin' thirty 
 Drivin' through the Heights tryna find these cats that did me dirty 
 Shot me on the Ave., now I gotta blast until them pearlies 
 We the realest niggaz ever touch the mic (BLAH!) 
 And we love to fight (BLAH!) 
 You heard my niggaz (ANTE UP!) give up the fuckin' knife! 
 We gonna, 
 Break! - (break!) 
 Mash! - (mash!) 
 Brawl! - (brawl! 
 Clash! - (clash!) 
 Fight up in them clubs, got no love for yo' ass! 
 Get yo' ass up nigga! 
 Show me where you at! 
 Get yo' ass up nigga! 
 Open up his back! 
 (Lil' Fame) 
 Yo who that husky-ass nigga with the flow so dumb 
 Comin' up outta Brooklyn lookin' like Mighty Joe Young 
 (FACE DOWN!) Know we real - got this motherfucker 
 Crackin' and buzzin with my Latin cousin Joey Grills 
 (WE INTERNATIONAL!) 151 proof 
 Letcha cold run loose, I give 'em a sunroof 
 For cotton-ass pretty boy talkin' bout drama 
 With that nasty-ass Coogi suit, lookin' like pajamas 
 (SOMEBODY GON' GET HURT TODAY!) So be it 
 We the First (First!) Fam (Family!) - You see it! 
 Put some trouble in ya voice homeboy, fore ya get whacked in 
 Calm (calm!) down (down!) get - back! 
 (Billy Danze) 
 For you niggaz that want to trap me 
 I make families unhappy 
 I'm tied into the same shit as Boy George and Papi 
 (E'RYBODY KNOW!) Everybody want to clap me 
 Tonight I'm with my Spanish homie Joey 
 So get at me with the ghetto issued .45, semi-automatic 
 I (SPIT) with intentions (TO RIP) 
 Put-put pieces out yo' cabbage bitch 
 Trained on the Hill, aim at niggaz faces 
 Push his hat back seven paces - leave him standin still 
 Cobra-ass nigga (Huh?!) You beg me to kill (Yeah!) 
 When I cock glocks and pop, you beg me to chill (Chill!) 
 (Y'ALL REMEMBER BILL!) why'all remember the motherfuckin deal 
 You will get yo' ass zipped up, how this feel nigga?! 
 (Petey Pablo) 
 Oh motherfucker uh-uh, why'all ain't seen nuttin yet 
 Got a call from the Bronx Best, bitch and I was right there 
 Duck tape, grip ply, havogee, turpentine 
 Two nickel nine, MacDonald, cup of richie wine 
 Wish a motherfucker would, look and he shall find 
 Ten million ways to die! 
 I'm the thickest of the fire 
 Ain't to many niggaz round with the rumble 
 With the rawest in the jungle, blicky BLOAW BLOAW! 
 Bitch I break 'em down (DOWN) with Terror Squad now 
 Ya pretty bad, clumsy mouth, sit down - get up get out 
 Hottest thang they got in the south (Petey Pablo!) 
 If ya don't know now ya know - HOLLA AT 'EM JOE! 
 Fight club! - Fight club! 
 Fight club! - Fight club! 
 Fight club! - Fight club! HOLLA AT 'EM JOE! 
 Yeah, huh, yeah, huh?! (Hahaha) 
 First Family, Terror Squad...