Ah... 
 Hih... 
 Ha... 
 Petey Pablo... 
 Mmm Hmm... 
 I told y'all (told y'all) 
 It was gunna happen, Y'all wouldn't listen to me (I told y'all) 
 Now you see it poppin' off, got you in the club dancing your ass off (I told 
 Y'all) 
 Break it down... Break it down for me (for me) (I told y'all) 
 Break it down... Break it down... Break it down for me (for me) 
 (I told y'all) Break it down for me (for me) 
 If y'all ready get your lighter put your fire in the air 
 I'm bout to blow this up (Oh yeah!) 
 It's a... It's a on now 
 Petey Pab done and graduated 
 Broke a loose, Shook em' off (Ha!) 
 Twisted the game 
 (Chooga-chooga-chooga-choog) train comin' 
 (Full speed!) Ain't nothin' stopin this muthafucker 
 Puttin' it down...(ti-ti-ti-train) for my home town 
 (My niggas keep picking me up) I got em' rockin' at the show 
 All y'all muthafuckers stompin on the floor (Boom! Boom!) 
 Losing control (Eyes closed) 
 Hands up (poppin' the dome) 
 And you can call it what ya wanna if ya wanna 
 But you better keep your eyes on it 
 I'd a told ya over and over 
 I don't feel like talking no more 
 It's about to go down (Yeah like I told ya!) 
 (Move Over!) Makin' em' diesel 
 (Fuled Up!) Jesus (Muuuah!) 
 Clear the road, block it off, hold it back, make a path 
 (I'm a creeper!) Carolina's street sweeper 
 My brother keep her, you better believe her 
 Good as a bag of Afghanastan reefa 
 I can't fuck with me and y'all can't either 
 To hear me rock you need bulletproof speakers 
 (My Impact!) It'll Kill 79 people (Ha!) 
 The levels start jumping on the meter 
 Then...(The sparks) start shootin out the speaker 
 The DJ ju just can't catch the needle 
 The clubs call it fever for the flavor of the Petey! 
 When they ask me were I'm from I say Greenville and Raleigh, 
 Durham, Chapel Hill, Greensboro, Charlotte! 
 Fayetville, Rocky Mount, and Tarboro! 
 Pine Top, Lil Washington, Farmville 
 New Bern, Kinston, Snow Hill, Faulkland! 
 Please don't get me started 
 I can call em' out till tomorrow 
 Carolina list alone is 16 long 
 I'm a make a row call, calling out, all out 
 (Timbaland! please report to the office) 
 You can't miss kickoff, Watching these niggas get there shit off 
 Sending a adrenaline rush through the whole park 
 Dusk to dawn, from club to the barn 
 From port to port (Nigga!) from yard to yard 
 I'd a brought from the far beyond 
 Stated claim, Gutta name, Got it painted and framed! 
 (Mutherfucker I told y'all!) 
 (Chorus till end)