Oh yeah! petey pab' is in here 
 Yo what's up y'all? 
 Yo let me hear y'all make some noise 
 C'mon! get 'em up! 
 Y'all ready to get it on? 
 C'mon, c'mon, c'mon! 
 With it with it one mo' 'gin, petey back in this bitch (ha!) 
 Wit-a wit-a wit-a new-new damn flow that's sick 
 Get ready to change it back, it's a new ball in the game now 
 New rules, ain't no out of bounds 
 Nigga nigga this shit's storm, them boys 
 Keep your, proper composure, your p-poise (y-yeah) 
 We don't want a forum, we just wanna show 'em 
 That-that we got somethin' if we need to throw 'em 
 Maaaan, we the coolest that there is (nigga) 
 This here, this year, came with the papers and package, it did 
 I'm a, I'm a real gangsta 
 Slash, rapper, you the dick? 
 Greasy grimy grid-itty, ain't no playin' pid-etey 
 Really god-didi-damn, pow, nah 
 Boom, boom, boom - them them didi-there it is 
 I'm expectin nothin' but motherfuckers jumpin' 
 When it, when it, when it, when it, when it 
 When it get, live! jam, live! 
 Packed, like, this! ah! 
 Lovin' it, that's how we want it 
 Like, this, like, this! 
 When it get, live! jam, live! 
 Packed, like, this! ah! 
 Lovin' it, that's how we want it 
 Like, this, like, this! ah! 
 Didn't I tell ya, ha! 
 It won't go tolerate some more time forrr them to make up they mind 
 Puttin' the call that no close somewhere we at lady 
 Sh-sh-shakin your groove thang (p-p-playa) 
 Doin' it the playa way 
 So what'chu gon' do now we got you, got you lit up in the light? 
 And blunted up and high 
 You like it, like (your) nighty-night 
 (Full of) somethin-somethin' (fun) and excitin 
 Really really one of one of them, a hot tamale 
 Pants fittin tight as a, pair of stockings (lord) 
 Lookin' round this p-party 
 Each and everybody crunk up and, rowdy-rowdy 
 'Bout to be a whole bunch of motherfuckers in this motherfucker tearin up 
 Nigga get much (nigga get what!) get get get get up! 
 Yeah, yo 
 Aiyyo I appreciate, aiyyo 
 Petey Pablo, "diary of a sinner" 
 In stores, 19-2000 baby 
 We love y'all (yo yo paul!) 
 (Give it to the street right there man) 
 (Yo you gotta hit 'em with somethin' else!)