In the time of need 
 When the world has gone through so many changes 
 So many ups and downs, so many obstacles 
 So much confusion 
 I take it upon myself as one bein of the new leaders of hip-hop 
 To make a change, and bring it to the forefront 
 (Chorus: repeat 2X) 
 U.S.A.! Come on and raise up 
 Take the flag, put it in the air, spin it like a helicopter 
 U.S.A.! Come on and raise up 
 This one's for you, uh-uh 
 This one's for who, us, us, us, yes sir! 
 Say it loud, United States of America 
 Time to put it down and do it like this 
 Now fight for somethin' that's worth it (uh) 
 I'm a country boy, never really cared before what was goin' on 
 Now that it came a little closer to home 
 I got a couple more buttons make somethin' go uh-uh 
 Everybody get strapped 
 If you gon' get it let's get it if you ain't then get back 
 Big fella, who dat 
 All the people around the world that's why we get through that 
 Fort Jackson, Fort Bragg, Camp Jude and David (damn!) 
 Pensacola, Parris Island, troops over here, Seals over there 
 Fort Dix, Fort Lee, Pearl Harbor (let me think) 
 The Army (ARMY), the Navy (NAVY), Air Force, Marines (RINES) 
 Green Beret, Navy Seals, New York Police 
 Even got me dressed in Army fatigues, how ya love that 
 You remember them days y'all 
 When the teacher told us 
 About World War I and World War II, now the time has come 
 For us to REP OUR COUNTRY! 
 Wave the flag strong 
 And could somebody tell Mr. bin Laden 
 He got a lot of people lookin' for him 
 My house, my home, my hood 
 My brother, my sister, my 'cause 
 Land of the free, home of the brave, it's the land I love 
 I had to bring it up, ask Peter Bare if I could change it up 
 Now I really got the whole world raisin up, come on! 
 And sing with us 
 Raise up (Raise up!) Raise up (Raise up!) Raise up (Raise up!) 
 For that star-spangled banner 
 Thank you Petey Pablo 
 'Cause if we don't stand for somethin' 
 We're bound to fall for anything at all 
 Steph Lova reporting live from the front lines 
 Sending lots of love and prayers out 
 To everybody from every corner of the Earth 
 Who lost a loved one, a homie, a friend 
 I'm talkin' about a mother, father, sister, brother, even a cousin 
 On September 11th, we miss you, and we love you 
 And we will never, ever forget 
 Now...