"Who is that?...WHOOOO!" 
 (Sounds of people chattering and hollering) 
 "Why don't you climb on board - AND BELIEVE IN ME?" [-- Richard Pryor 
 (Evidence - Intro) 
 I sit alone in my four-cornered room starin' at Pro-Tools 
 Heh-heh, ay yo yo... 
 Uh, talk to 'em Res 
 (Res - repeat 4X) 
 You got to belieeeeeeve in something... 
 Why not believe in me? 
 (Evidence - Verse One) 
 Yeah, I'm back with that hop and schemin the plot 
 See what you got, never stop; timeless, no hands on my clock 
 Impossible to flop, I'm from that flip when it's hot 
 On the block, fuck the world till I shut down shop (oh!) 
 I'm on a hunt to find the best in the invitation (E-V) 
 Rap's my parking lot, don't need no validation (it's crazy) 
 I'm hearin it clear, 20/20 vision when they start to listen 
 And see what I say to the point where it's written 
 In stone; I'm not the only one with the ace - he ain't alone 
 Got two in different suits, my hand ain't thrown 
 I save the best for the time when the rest is tired (y'know) 
 Invest in my own, my lows now higher (wow) 
 From a bird's-eye point now my views got wiser 
 And up close and personal, my buzz caught fire 
 To the point where I spit this, it set off sirens 
 And fire hydrants, the rap tyrant - believe in me 
 These other MCs' sell they dreams 
 First LP, move units switch their stead 
 I tell 'em all, "Don't bother" (NO!) - The cat you love today 
 Gonna be a different rapper tomorrow - ha ha 
 (Hook: Res (Evidence)) 
 You got to belieeeeeeve in something... (Yeah, uh) 
 Why not believe in me? 
 (E-V, the best of what the West is 
 Fresh, middle finger up, fuck the rest) 
 You got to belieeeeeeve in something... (Yeah) 
 Why not believe in me? 
 (Uh, myself and I, till the day I die 
 Here to lead not to get behind, yeah) 
 (Evidence - Verse Two) 
 Name's official, game not competition 
 I'm sayin' they start to listen, aim plus ammunition 
 Game I start spittin', rain I start liftin 
 Umbrellas up, here comes the pain right with it (oh!) 
 Never lose touch, never lose sight 
 Never lose sight of my moms, since she been gone things ain't been right 
 Shit ain't been on, she lost that fight 
 Still I stay strong every night 
 Tour all year long, don't love to fly 
 Lost my fear, catch that flight 
 It's to the point of no return, I'm third degree burn 
 (None compared to her) New season 
 Time to dead ya character 
 My weed use is prevalent, minority report 
 It's the orgy of Evidence (crazy!) 
 Always felt that's somethin' that's to be said for friends (yeah) 
 And always say what I feel till I make my point relevant (it's real) 
 Y'all musta lost ya grip (y'know!) 
 Thinkin' I got gassed, lost to love and do what these labels tellin' us 
 Man, it's plain to see, I rep the streets 
 Seven days a week, you got... 
 "Evidence (Whoa) 
 Evidence (Yeah, yeah, yeah...)"