[Will.i.am - Intro] (Phonte) 
 Ready or not... (Ready or not...) 
 Ready or not... (Ready or not...) 
 Ready or not... (Ready or not...) 
 Ready or not... (Ready or not...) 
 Ready or not... - It's time to go 
 Ready or not... - It's time to go 
 Ready or not... - It's time to go 
 Ready or not... - It's time to go 
 (Phonte - Verse 1ne) 
 Uh 
 This is my last day, this is my last era 
 Wifey sitting front row running her mascara 
 And I'm laid out STIFF like my last pair of 
 Starch jeans; it seems that all my past errors 
 Don't even matter cause, I ain't even mad at God 
 I just think the saddest part is I don't wanna go 
 Cause who the hell knows for, whom the bell tolls 
 I was, chilling with my peoples just, out on Melrose 
 With Blu and Evidence lamping in our shell toes 
 Drinking brew and tapping bitches on the el-bow 
 Then Whoa! - Another chapter closes well 
 When they start to toll, it's just yo' time to bail, yeah 
 (Hook: will.i.am) 
 Some people live their life to die 
 Some people live to try, and fly, and fly sky high 
 Some people live their life to ride 
 Ride 'cause they riders, some people talk that jive 
 Some people live their life to lie 
 I live my life to open up my eyes real wide, wi-wide 
 Some people wanna live blind and walk the road 
 Oh, no - for whom the bell tolls 
 (Evidence - Verse 2wo) 
 Uh, bells and whistles, they shooting, could smell the pistols 
 They never EVER hit or miss - it's the real official 
 Bulls eye target, like New Jack Carter 
 The harder it gets, the more I find the market off sparking the Flint {*matches strike*} 
 Part of me says, "Go back home" 
 The other half says, "Get that throne" (y'know?) 
 So I spit words, they read like palms 
 And turn directions from East to North (oh!) 
 We can't stop nature taking its course 
 But I can report, so I stay with my hand on record 
 Looking for the next future resort 
 To reside in a time where bell rings and people are dying 
 I'll just try to escape to this place in my mind 
 (Hook: will.i.am) 
 (Blu - Verse 3hree) 
 Ayyo, ashes to ashes and dust to dust 
 R.I.P. Jay Dee, DJ Dust - this was us 
 Ah, back when it was cool to bust, picture us 
 Eighty plus, surrounded by the crowd wit'out a mic to clutch 
 Years passed and now and then I light it up 
 Reflect and get inspired by the fire that's inside of us 
 Dealing with the yadda-yadda, bothered by the business 
 Try to ditch ya like economy 
 (Why?) Cause John wasn't about to be politick-in (maaaan) 
 It's the middle of '08 and I still ain't heard Obama speak 
 'Bout problems that we face, I'mma tryna get this cheese 
 Cause you never know, whose shell toes the bells toll for 
 Young folks are old folks, when it's time to go, it's time to go, folks 
 Stroke, croaks, cloats, and ghost 
 I hold hope, blow faith in your face then fade home like 
 (Hook: will.i.am) 
 (Outro - will.i.am) 
 Some people wanna live blind and walk the ro- 
 Some people wanna live blind and walk the ro- 
 {Some people wanna live blind and walk the road 
 Oh, no - for whom the bell tolls} 
 (Evidence) 
 E-v... Blu 
 Khyrsis on the beat 
 Phonte, uh, for whom the bell tolls 
 Uh... Hello, will 
 Waddup, will? 
 Haha... Uh, for whom, the bell tolls 
 They say when it's your turn to go, it's your turn to go 
 So we gon' turn to music up real loud 
 Think about all of our people... for whom the bell tolls 
 George Carlin... Norman Whitfield, Isaac Hayes