Yeah, uh... a-one, two 
 Uh, had to dim the lights for this shit 
 Preem, uh... (GO!) 
 Makin' beats half of my life 
 Some I gave away but never at half price 
 No dice till I call it a night, get it right 
 Sayin' might one more time, then (My Name is D-Nice) 
 ("My name-my name is D-Nice") No question, total silence 
 Better yet, better get a set of pliers 
 The heavy metal king, Chaka Demus is my idol (yeah) 
 Competitin with my rivals, proof for my title 
 ...So who the fuck don't tour? 
 No one, music don't sell no more 
 Watch out now, this shit'll be so embarrassing 
 Your merch vs. my world - there's no comparison 
 (Lost...) Yeah yeah, I'm pickin' pockets 
 The bass up, deliberately knockin' (boom) 
 Big picture lens, try to see it all then crop it 
 (Now...) That all depends how you break it down and chop it 
 Fuck coppin a big body Benz 
 When you keep friends who check to check and barely makin' profits 
 (Uh!) Instead of tryin' to say E's quite obnoxious 
 (Well...) You could say E rules my synopsis (Hahahaha) 
 Uh, it's pourin pots and pans 
 On the grey lots and spots barely travelled by man 
 Only been a couple hours since I landed (true) 
 And rollin' up these trees I got handed 
 It's hard to take his name in vain, but God-damn it 
 (DJ Premier cuts and scratches) 
 ("When I bring it to ya face" - [Mad Skillz]) 
 ("Hit 'em, hit 'em" "Hit 'em, hit 'em" 
 "Hit 'em with a thousand pounds of pressure" - [Big Pun]) 
 ("On the mi-microphone" "On the microphone, I come COR-RECT!" - [King Ad Rock]) 
 ("Internationally known and respected" - [LL Cool J]) 
 ("But this industry'll play with ya life, man" - [Rakaa Iriscience]) 
 ("That's what I consider real!" - [O.C.]) 
 Uh, keep it movin now 
 Rakaa, Babu, keep it movin [echoes] 
 In Switzerland today, don't know why I choose to come here 
 Actually I say it's because I ain't from here 
 My people told me when we travel we live 
 And if the carpet might unfold then that moment is his (or hers) 
 Damn I need this (yeah), Skyping to my manager 
 Calculate pad and pen analog (...shit to do) 
 Damn, it's wrong to see it first-hand in Panama (I seen it) 
 U.S. dollars at the airport hand 'em off 
 Feelin' grateful, the feeling might pass me 
 I thank some now and thank the rest for not asking (That's real) 
 Preemo laced me (true), Alche' did too 
 Momma raised me right when I date shit in interviews 
 These are my feelings and they really exist 
 The gift and the curse, or maybe really 
 It's the fuckin' curse and the gift 
 Read the same thing from different angles 
 Eatin from the same meal from different sides of the same table (Yeah!) 
 And I ain't claim to be the game changer (uh-uh) 
 I claim the West, Venice Beach, RSE and Dilated (all day) 
 My grandmama said the day is what you make it (Love you) 
 Clingin to this patience, my words are overstated 
 The greatest... [echoes]