(Verse 1: Evidence) 
 And once again it's on... 
 I guess I'm on that 
 Once a good girl's gone bad, she's gone forever 
 To tell the climate of pain, it's like the rain told the weather 
 Sometimes you move towards the wolf pack 
 And go hunting down mamis in wolf slats 
 I pulled the reins back, horse on the race track 
 Dogs and same cats 
 Falling on down, they used to be London Bridges 
 But they all on the ground, broke down to little ridges 
 It's a simple story of build and destroy 
 I'm like the judge's hammer, slamming the villain to void 
 Killing his boys, killing his girls, killing they world 
 Feelin' like the Third Mobb, Hell on this Earth 
 I spit verses: there's better ways to pay the rent and shit 
 It's not ideal, still I deal sentences 
 Graduated to stardom from apprenticeship 
 Emphasis reversed, from exodus to genesis 
 (Hook: Lil' Fame) 
 Catch you when we drop that 
 Plant seeds, grow those trees--then we chop that 
 Twistin' up that old green life--then we burn that 
 When will you mother fuckers learn? 
 We build and destroy! 
 Catch you when we drop that 
 Plant seeds, grow those trees--then we chop that 
 Architect, leave a big hole where ya block at 
 When will you mother fuckers learn? 
 ("You either Build or Destroy..." 
 "You either build or destroy... where you come from?") 
 (Verse 2: Rakaa Iriscience (Dilated Peoples)) 
 And once again its on... 
 Evolution of the art of noise 
 I paint graffiti when I spit so they saw the void 
 Create to devastate, I build to destroy 
 Construction for the destruction of toys 
 I saw the choice made it, saw the void filled it 
 Saw the mic slayed it, saw the stage killed it 
 Ask the doctor what the cause be when the bills hit 
 Dilated Peoples diagnosed as the ill shit 
 Yeah, Rakaa's up, bars up, power up 
 Renovate the structures from the bottom to the tower up 
 Plant our own medicine and chop it when it flowers up 
 Add Swiss precision to bombs and when the hour's up...*BOOM* 
 Gone, erase 'em like who's that? (Huh?) 
 Replace 'em now, tell these cats to draw new maps 
 There are new boundaries and they can never move back 
 'Cause they slanging old dope, hanging in a new trap 
 (Verse 3: Termanology) 
 And once again it's on... 
 Build or destroy it, krills in my toilet 
 Cops banging on my door, not a bench warrant 
 Number ten Jordans, and my pen poison 
 Causing men torment Permanent misfortune 
 Make you feel important, this the wheel of fortune 
 My ten boys with a wrench pointed right near your noggin 
 My heart been robbin', rap Bin Laden 
 Been stalking these rap cats with big wallets 
 And I spit flawless, young Chris Wallace 
 But I skipped college, didn't Asher Roth it 
 I put a casket together to put yo' ass up in it 
 'Cause it's cast a minute, high fashion biscuit 
 The Gucci guns, Louis lavender gun handle 
 I'd shoot myself in the brain if I couldn't out rap you 
 Ev hit me to build, told me destroy the mic 
 On this beat Alchemist made, I said sho' you right