You 
 Yeah, microphone check 1, 2, yo 
 Who's the one that's been running the race? Me 
 Who's the one that's been running in place? You 
 And who's the one you tried to find so tough 
 But the whole time was sitting right in front of your face 
 I'm on another level, I mean another label 
 Players don't die, we try our luck at other tables 
 And when I lose, I learn, I'm still winning major 
 I jump forward and back into the missing stages 
 A perfect day to make a perfect entrance 
 A perfect sentence? I can't perfect 
 But I just keep pushing pencils, no fake trace stencils 
 And do it all by hand so they have respect 
 I know the feeling when you're dealing with accomplishments 
 Wishing they would diss you instead they give you compliments 
 That's what made you who you are not what you became 
 Part of being a star is getting burned in flames 
 Kind of I'll, the mind's a trip 
 20/20 when we broke but blind when rich 
 I just see it as a sign but kept rhyming instead 
 And keep lighting up these pads like Simon says 
 What, who's the one that's been running the race? Me 
 Who's the one that's been running in place? You 
 And who's the one you tried to find so tough 
 But the whole time was sitting right in front of your face 
 One's a lonely number, two's the first loser 
 So how the fuck can you win? Become a drug abuser 
 Slapping these beats, I'm no snoozer 
 6 million ways to die, go ahead and choose one 
 We from the same block but all we getting is the same guap 
 I think one of us needs to shine 
 Only room for one, one of us needs to go 
 Sink a boat and only one'll survive 
 Caution at the wheel, Westside when I drive slow 
 First sign of tidal waves when you see the tide low 
 Wanted for murder and theft, they said I'm liable 
 I shot the sheriff but didn't steal his rifle 
 I can't define what's real and what's imagination 
 Since I signed that deal before my graduation 
 I went from running track and feel the tracks 
 With feel the Grammy's with ye before late registration 
 Who's the one that's been running the race? Me 
 Who's the one that's been running in place? You 
 And who's the one you tried to find so tough 
 But the whole time was sitting right in front of your face 
 Fast-forward, no kids, one card, no rollie 
 One crib, trips to Chile with Kush in the Philly 
 Every turn starts with one step, that's on me 
 One foot in front of the other like come on feet 
 One life, one love, bat a G for one glove 
 For Mike, rest in peace, shot a bullet from one slug 
 I keep it pushing as one does, you only get one shot 
 One glance, one chance at one buzz 
 One never knows of hopes and dreams 
 The farther we fly, the closer it seems 
 Back to the one square, all I need in this life is one snare 
 One mic direct, fly tonight, one airs 
 One of a kind still one to my grind 
 One time for your motherfuckin' mind 
 When I flow, let the rain soon comes 
 See you might win some but you just lost, lost 
 Who's the one that's been running the race? Me 
 Who's the one that's been running in place? You 
 And who's the one you tried to find so tough 
 But the whole time was sitting right in front of your face