(Feat. Shabaam Shadeeg, Skam, Kwest & A.L.) 
 [Man 1:] I like this song... 
 [Man 2:] All right! All right! All right everybody set off down! 
 [Man 1:] Oh, please! 
 [Man 2:] Come on now, now! KHM! 
 (Chorus: Sample) 
 Rhymes it all! [scratches] 
 And every rhymes what I've heard it all before. 
 Shabaam Shadeeq: 
 Of course - I rap till I'm hoarse, add the sauce 
 To them dry turkey MC's say what you like, I toss! 
 In theory when you hear me, like the guts of the Dutch 
 Snap caught you in the act like Vivitar - AF. 
 2-5-5 auto-focus clear vision 
 Precision mics for people of all types, call the cavalry. 
 My brutality! 
 Switch the pitch gradually. 
 Aqua! 
 Turntable knocka fresh like binocca. 
 Jot the thoughts in my chronicles remarkable styles 
 Shadeeq taxed it make an exit to spark mine. 
 Nuclear physics with cannibals and phat rhymes 
 They know the time like it's sundown. - At explow! 
 Eminem: 
 Went to bible class with a gun, blasted a nun 
 Fuck hell! - Satan sent my ass to the sun. 
 I wasn't born I was hatched - and dumped in the trash 
 With a note attached saying someone please whip this brat's ass. 
 I never gave a rat's ass or a flying fuck 
 Driving drunk in a fire truck with the siren stuck. 
 Slammin' the brakes, skiddin' out cause the tires suck 
 I went to pull you off my dick and got the pliers stuck. 
 You better run! 'Cause I'm probably the only one 
 Crazy enough to shoot your ass with a knife and stab you with a gun. (aaggggh!) 
 I like fire, you might see me start it 
 I'm slightly retarded! I miss my sanity since the night we departed. 
 Skam: 
 Yo! - Oldworlddisorder on some outnumbered shit 
 We rather go outta control then to be under it. 
 Yo! How you goin' against us, when we got nothin' to lose? 
 Must be confused - to pray to a god that don't excist. 
 That wouldn't save yo bible kissin' ass and even if he did 
 We like to twist the mist [? ] - genetic dead end - don't got friend! 
 Skam is chatter man, posin' children for depression 
 Stressin' nutty language - say my name is "Gladys"! 
 That's chupacabra! - Suck the life outta you 
 There won't be enough of your brain left to fill a tea spoon. 
 We two vanishin man. - That make the bad things plan 
 And prob'ly go platinum on the day that the world ends. 
 Kwest: 
 When it comes to beef - I get relieved when I kill it brief. 
 Send you a reef, get your family ready for grief 
 I knock your teeth, they're conceit like a thief 
 Make a change of release - burn or leave before you go beneath. 
 Rappers I kill 'em down is where I send them villain 
 My plan is illin' so much. - I need some peniculine. 
 Cats is spillin' 'cause I'm down here 
 Kickin' shit that's solitaire you crown is rip cause rapper you sound counterfeit. 
 You get a round of clips - if you play hard 
 You stay scarred thinkin' of graveyard you're in a caveyard. 
 One in the mill, son I'm I'll when it comes to skills 
 Wanna get killed and catch a dum dum in your grill. 
 Rappers demenishing is [? ]? I get to the finish 
 I'm speaking English, while your brothers is speaking in gibberish. 
 You touch a mic and, I'm out to burry your fingers 
 You want some fame? - I'll beat you up in front of Jerry Springer! 
 So pay the price say the nice when I pay the dice 
 I take your life slay it twice before your [? ] arrive 
 A.L.: 
 Cats who ride with feminine. 
 I'm singin' this without, the benefit sin sinamen sin sin sin sinamen. 
 So submit it in your mental, since you find it essential 
 This [? ] simple sentences this sentence is simple! - You banned from using writing utinsels. 
 Wether cry line, crayon pen and pencil 
 Observe verse with syntax - that causes skin crack or an impact. 
 Send a rap shot with [? ] and then whack 
 Then back to the lab to add what most of them lack. 
 I can hand you a manual of what I plan to do to you more tantual 
 You still wouldn't understand the full concept and sniff 
 Trough your fingers like sandgranuals. 
 [? ] And a blue sea anually and you will see wich aninal me. 
 And fifty of us spittin' up that written stuff 
 It's all the same! [? ] is the reason for cyphas prematurely spittin' up. 
 Ironic, phonic sure my flow is far from enbionic 
 To be honest [? ] is a cronic antibiotic. - I'm beyond it! 
 The texure of my lecture is complex like a professor's, 
 Scep these [? ] exceptionall when I bless sound parsepticals. 
 Bust trenches trough my vest to be turns crews to vegetables 
 Then grab my testicals and cup 'em! Fuck 'em! - Let's see who tha fucks?