The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate 
 Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit. 
 The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. 
 You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show you 
 Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it 
 (Eminem) 
 Terrible but not rippable, invincible I hung invisible, 
 Fucking mistletoe over the world that stuck my ass up under it now pucker up them lips and kiss it hoes 
 Here we go 
 Bad and Evil so you know how this'll go the competition's miserable we stomp them bitches, this is no joke 
 Going overboard like someone threw us off the boat 
 Choke, apart from all the smoke 
 I'm trying to stay on fire so you know if I hate fucking water sprinklers I don't want a hoes 
 Someone left a cat out the bag now it's time to stuff his face 
 Bag in that bitch thought of that little motherfucker till it suffocates, who 
 You, handeling the ? tryna be so sick when the Bad and Evil was reunited hey 
 Came back to annihilate the games and dive straight this into this highway, 
 Word of Satan there's a drop full of ? Ouija board and I pray 
 Now I lay me down to sleep, I do this shit in my sleep 
 So now imagine if I awake! 
 I'm champ, bitch, I've never tasted Cannibus can never be no damn a wuss so pussy never mushy so you can't squish 
 No where near twisted, in fact if I jump out a ? taxi 
 Only time you'll hear me say I ambush 
 Outlandish, these words are weapons that I brandish 
 Stand off, wish the hoes get your hands off, this can't tie bitch 
 So why the fuck would I sugar coat it for? 
 No, fuck protocol, I'd holla at this whore but now my throat is sore 
 Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit. 
 The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. 
 You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show you 
 Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it 
 (Royce) 
 Baby I'm lawless, you couldn't burn me if you trew acid on me, 
 I'm at your homie, I'm at your home ready to spray you while you nappin' only have 
 Everything on and around your matrass looking like a world in front of a matrimony - you high 
 Thug yeah, go ahead, jump no matter how high you get, you're gonna come up short like Spud Webb 
 My DUI's get waved like saying bye, still rotten with no one else like James Todd can't change eye 
 I thank God for my safe thinking last time I was safethinking me and my niggers was doing a bank job 
 I stay violent y'all going to Beach Rock, you got a mouth like Kanye, I knock your whole bottom row of teeth out 
 No disrespecting Mr. West, shit I'm just nice with mine and it's just rap I'm just like Ricky Hatton, I just like to rhyme 
 These weak rappers wanna set us up, they never tough, they ask me for a hook I tell 'em left or right head or gut, 
 What you're all messing with, is a nigger that will leave you fubar, fucked up beyond all recognition 
 Y'all are rockstars, I'm the opposite, I could just throw a rock and hit a star, for the fuck of it 
 Partner you not hard I'll body you hot bars, beef has left you praying right, like allah hoo akhbar 
 Let's go, when I leave y'all shot you ain't gonna be on your metro, In a bad area they call? 
 Sometimes life seems so unfortunate, that's why I don't give a shit. 
 The poor stay poor, the rich get richer, it's just so disproportionate. 
 You don't know just what I've gone through, that's why I would rather show you 
 Just how far that I can take it, every rule, I'm breaking it