The way you shake it 
 I can't believe it, I ain't never seen an butt like that 
 The way you move it, you make my *honk* 
 Go... d-doing doing doing 
 I don't believe it, it's almost to good to be true 
 I ain't never seen an butt like that 
 The way you move it, you make my *honk* go... d-doing doing doing 
 (Verse 1 - Eminem) 
 The way she moves, she's like a belly-dancer 
 She shakin that butt to the new Nelly jam-z 
 I think someone's at the door but I don't think I'm gonna answer 
 Police saying, FREEZE... d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean freeze? Please I'm a human being 
 I have needs, I'm not done, not till I'm finished peeing 
 I'm not resisting arrest, I am agreeing Mr. Officer 
 I'm already on my knees, I can't get on the ground any further 
 It's impossible for me, and do not treat me like a murderer 
 I just like to pee, pee, pee, Yes, I make R&B I sing song, it go Ringy Chong ah Ching Chong Chong Chong Ching 
 Psyche, I joke I joke, I kid I kid. If offend, I'm sorry 
 Please, Please forgive, for I am Triumph, the puppet dog 
 I am a mere puppet, I can get away anything I say and you will love it 
 Jessica Simpson, looks oh so tempting 
 Nick, I ain't never seen an butt like that 
 Every time I see that show on MTV my *honk* goes... d-doing doing doing 
 Mary Kate and Ashley used to be so wholesome 
 Now they getting older, they're starting to grow bum bums 
 I go to the movies and sit down with my popcorn 
 Police saying, FREEZE... d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean freeze? GEEZ I just got my seat 
 I have ticket, look I put away, my zipper zipped 
 Please do not remove me from this movie theatre, please 
 I did not even get to see Mary Kate's shower scene 
 I didn't mean to be obscene or make a great big scene 
 And don't treat me like I'm Pee Wee Herman 
 This movie's PG, Mr. Officer, I demand to see my attorney 
 I will simple plead innocent, cop a plea, and be free 
 Free, yes free, right back on the streets 
 What you mean my lawyers with Michael, He's too busy? 
 I am Triumph, Britney Spears looks like a man 
 And I can say that and you laugh cause there's a puppet on my hand 
 Hilary Duff is not quite old enough so I ain't never seen a tush like that 
 Maybe next year I'll say butt and she'll make my *honk* go... d-doing doing doing 
 The way she moves she dances like a GO-GO 
 In that video she sings "get out" you bozo 
 I need a new boyfriend, Hi my name is Jo-Jo 
 Police saying, FREEZE... d-doing doing doing 
 What do you mean freeze? My computers will be seized 
 And my keys to my ranch. I just baked cookies 
 Mr. Officer, lookie, take a whiff of these 
 Here, I make Jesus juice, take a sip of this 
 Nobody is safe from me, no not even me 
 I don't even know if I could say the word pee pee 
 Pee on the radio but I think I did 
 Janet is that a br-st-est? I think I just saw a t-t-it 
 Psyche, I joke I joke, I kid I kid 
 I don't think my joke is working I must flee 
 Quick, get to the chopper, everybody get out 
 I am not Triumph, I am Arnold, get down 
 So Gwen Stafani will you *honk* on me, Please 
 I ain't never seen an butt like that 
 Cause the way you move it, you make my *honk* go d-doing doing doing