Eminem- 
 Yeah ... 
 Definitely definitely definitely dope... 
 Definitely definitely K-Mart 
 Yeah Yeah 
 You find me offensive 
 I find you offensive for finding me offensive 
 Hence if I should draw out a line any fences 
 If so to what extent, if any, should I go? 
 'Cause it's getting expensive 
 Being on the other side of the court room on the defensive 
 They say I cause extensive psycholgical nerve damage to the brain 
 When I go to lengths this far at other people's expenses 
 I say you're all just too god damn sensitive 
 It's censorship and it's downright blasphemous 
 Let's end this shit now 'cause I won't stand for this 
 And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither 
 And let's clear this up too I ain't got no beef with him either 
 He used to be like a hero to me 
 I even believe I had one of those 25 cent stickers on my refrigerator 
 Right next to Darth Vader and Darth must have put a hex on him for later 
 I feel like it's my fault cause of the way that 
 I stuck him off in between him and Lex Luther 
 I killed Superman I killed Super... Man 
 And how ironic that I'd be the bad guy kryptonite 
 The green chronic 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you 
 Hi my name is... 
 I forgot my name 
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is... 
 Rain Man 
 Now in the bible it says 
 Thou shall now watch two lesbians in bed 
 Have homosexual sex 
 Unless of course you were given the consent to join in 
 Then of course it's intercourse and it bisexual sex 
 Which isn't as bad as long as you show some remorse for your actions 
 Either before, during, or after performing the act of that which 
 Is normally referred to as such more commonly known phrases 
 That are more used by today kids 
 In a more derogatory way 
 But who's to say what's fair to say and what not to say 
 Let ask Dr. Dre 
 Dr. Dre (what up?) 
 I got a question if I may (yeah) 
 Is it gay to play putt putt golf with a friend (yeah) 
 And watch his butt butt when he tees off (yeah) 
 But but I ain't done THAT 
 In football a quarterback yells out hut hut 
 While he reaches in another grown man's ass 
 Grabs on his nuts, but just what if 
 It was never meant, it was just an accident 
 But he tripped, fell, slipped and his penis went in 
 His teeny, tiny, little, round hiney 
 And he didn't mean it but his little weenie flinched just a little bit 
 And I don't need to go into any more details 
 But what if he pictured it as a female's butt 
 Is that gay? I just need to clear things up 
 Till then I'll just walk around with a manly strut because... 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you 
 Hi my name is... 
 I forgot my name 
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is... 
 Rain Man 
 You find me offensive 
 I find you offensive... 
 Shit this is the same verse, I just did this 
 When am I gonna come to my good senses? 
 Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses 
 My spider senses telling me Spider-Man is nearby 
 And my plan is to get him next and open up a whoop ass canister 
 God damnit Dre where's the god damn beat (yeah) anyway 
 Anyway I don't know how else to put it 
 This is the only thing that I'm good at 
 I am the bad guy kryptonite, the green chronic 
 Demonic, yep yep, don't worry I'm on it, I got it 
 High-five Nick Lechey stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away 
 And as she flew around the room like a balloon I'd 
 Grab the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can 
 And to my headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch 
 With a peanut butter jelly chicken tuna sandwich 
 And I don't even gotta make no god damn sense 
 I just did a whole song and I didn't say shitttt 
 'Cause I ain't got no legs 
 Or no brain 
 Nice to meet you 
 Hi my name is... 
 I forgot my name 
 My name was not to become what I became with this level of fame 
 My soul is possessed by this devil 
 My new name is... 
 Rain Man