'Cause some things just, don't change 
 It's better when they stay the same 
 Although the whole world knows your name 
 So on a, bigger stage they came to see you spit your game, oh 
 But it shouldn't be difficult, to explain 
 Just why you came back again, you hate the fame 
 Love the game, cold as ice, you remain 
 Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all, eat shit, here we go again 
 Spoken 
 : 
 So, goddamn. 
 Is it that time again already? 
 Haha, y'all don't look too happy to see me. 
 Fuck man, don't everybody welcome me back at once? 
 All right, fuck y'all then. 
 You can get the dick, just call me the ball sac, I'm nuts 
 Michael Vick in this bitch dog, fall back, you mutts 
 Fuck your worms, you've never seen such a sick puppy 
 Fuck it a sick duck, I want my duck-sicked, mommy 
 And my nuts licked, gobble 'em up trick, yummy 
 Bitch, you don't fuckin' think I know that you suck dick, dummy 
 You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit, honey 
 Yeah I laugh when I call you a slut, it's funny 
 Shorty, dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words 
 You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah struck a nerve sucka 
 Motherfucka' might as well let my lips pucker 
 Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cock-sucker 
 This shit is on 'cause you went and pissed me off, now I'm shittin' and pissin' on 
 Everybody, give a fuck if it's right or wrong 
 So buck the Buddah, light a bong 
 But take a look at Mariah next time I inspire you to write a song (Come on) 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 When it snows, and it's twenty be-low 
 Ask me why, man I just don't, know 
 Kno-kno-know, know-know know 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows 
 Oh oh-oh 
 Fuck it, I'm a loose cannon 
 Bruce Banner's back in the booth, y'all are sittin' ducks, I'm the only goose standin' 
 I'll set the world on fire, piss on it put it out 
 Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around 
 Mo'fucker, I'll show you pussyfootin' 
 I'll kick a bitch in the cunt, 'til it makes a queef, and sounds like a fuckin' whoopee cushion 
 Who the fuck is you pushin', you must have mistook me for some 
 Sissy soft punk, lookin' for some nookie or bosom 
 Go ahead fuckin' hater push me, I told you ain't no fuckin' way to shush me 
 Call me a faggot, 'cause I hate a pussy 
 Man the fuck up sissy, G's up, all you gardeners freeze up 
 Put your hoes down, 
 Shady ease up 
 Man chill 
 , naw I can't goddammit, rap is a landfill 
 Drop the anvil, these are shoes that you can't fill 
 Shit the day that happens, the world will 
 Stop spinnin' and Michael J. Fox'll, come to a stand-still 
 Durin' an earthquake, urine in your face 'cause you're fake 
 Ow what the fuck, that hurt, wait 
 Ow what the fuck, I just got struck 
 By lightnin', alright then I quit, God I give up 
 Call it evil that men do, Lord forgive me for what my pen do 
 This is for your sins, I cleanse you 
 You can repent but I warn you, if you continue 
 To Hell I'll send you 
 , and just then the wind blew, and I said... 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 When it snows, and it's twenty be-low 
 Ask me why, man I just don't... 
 Know, kno-kno-know, know-know know 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows 
 Oh oh-oh oh-oh 
 How long will I be this way, Shady until my dyin' day 
 'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say 
 So long, 'til then I'll drop the fuckin' bombs 
 Like I missed the pass when I went long 
 If you don't like it you can kiss my ass in a lint thong 
 Now sing along, slut this, slut that, learn the words to the song 
 Oh bitches don't like that, homie I'll be nicer to women 
 When Aquaman drowns and the Human Torch starts swimmin' 
 Man I'm a, cold soul, I roll solo so don't compare 
 Me, to them other bums over there 
 It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums, yeah 
 I'm bananas pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair 
 But I swear, you try to dis me I'll slaughter you 
 I put that on everything, like everyone does with auto-tune 
 The last thing you wanna do is have me spit out a rhyme 
 And say I was writin' this and I thought of you, so... 
 Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh oh 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 When it snows, and it's twenty be-low 
 Ask me why, man I just don't... 
 Know, kno-kno-know, know-know know 
 I'm as cold as the cold wind, blows 
 Blo-blo-blows, blow-blow blows 
 Oh oh-oh oh-oh 
 I don't know... I don't know what caused... 
 I don't know what caused me to be this way 
 I don't know... I don't know but I'll... 
 Probably be this way 'til my dyin' day 
 I don't know why I'm so... I'm so cold 
 Mean things I don't mean to say 
 I guess this is how you made me