Good mornin 
 Haha, wake your mother fuckin' asses up 
 Hey yo what is the what? 
 Well come on in, you know what time it is 
 Stop sleepin' on my group, bitch 
 For whatever it's worth, it's worth me havin' my ass whipped 
 'Cause I'ma have the last lips to ever get ass squished 
 I just can't get past these little pissants 
 That wanna be brauny bad asses so bad 
 And they so mad, they can't stand it 
 'Cause we can and they can't spit (Haawk) 
 And they can't handle it like a man 
 And that's when it just happens 
 And I snap Then it's a wrap, Then it's a scrap 
 An it isn't rap is it? 
 Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you got to go and resort back into that shit 
 Maybe I'm old fashioned but my passion 
 Is to smash anyone rappin' without havin' a slappin 
 Believe me I'd much rather lift a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now 
 But it all depends on just how far it get's took on the mic 
 'Cause I'm tellin' you right now your not gonna like it 
 'Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin you with me 
 You poke a stick at a bit, boy, you get bit, B 
 These words stick to you like crazy glue 
 When you diss me 'cause they just bounce off me like bullets do, 50 
 I'm the beautiful-est thing and your gonna miss me when I'm gone 
 Like Kieth Murry when he threw a stool and hit a girl accidentally (argghhh!) 
 I do this for Swifty 
 Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy, and Proof are you with me? 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Come on in Everybody come on in 
 Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in 
 'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin' 
 Wake your ass up mother fuckers quit yawnin 
 'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin 
 So help us sing along with the words o' the song an 
 If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then 
 Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in 
 Everybody come on in 
 (Swifty) 
 They said of me, the epitome of a beef starter 
 In a party with heat. It's hard to keep me without one 
 Fuck snubs, I walk in clubs with a shotgun 
 Constantly poppin' slugs. they hot son, better not run 
 The bosses of all bosses, A halocaust to whoever ain't cautious 
 In a house full of dark shit, I'ma gothic death prophet. yo stop breathin 
 You die quicker than mach speed without bleedin 
 It ain't about what you readin 
 When you meet me better speak like a season's greetins 
 Either that or we'll be beefin frequent 
 You n***az need a 'E' just to speak shit 
 An Your leader is a petite bitch 
 Keep the heater where you can reach quick 
 I snipe you with it an won't even keep it a secret 
 N***a I did it from a mind of a mental patient 
 When glocks wave you can save that conversation for Satan 
 You brave? 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Well Come on in Everybody come on in 
 Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in 
 'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin' 
 Wake your ass up, mother fuckers. Quit yawnin 
 'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin 
 So help us sing along with the words o' the song an 
 If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then 
 Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in 
 Everybody come on in 
 (Kuniva) 
 Yo yo 
 I heard you niggas don't like us 
 But so what this beef is like 
 "What tha fuck" did he say in his rap Em? 
 I can see that he just a punk 
 I mean these niggas'll squeeze on me 
 Please I'm seeing guts 
 I don't need no enemies, is my family a couple (???) 
 Am I (?????)? To emtpy out them (???) 
 To fight you in front of every reporter that I don't like 
 No need for metaphors I get points across when I write 
 Just emotion's enough to say "fuck you bitch, and I don't like you, WHAT?!" 
 I might as well give this up 
 But tha'd be selfish as fuck to leave D12 an' it's What? 
 We can't self destruct 
 I've never felt it this much 
 Come on fellas, get up 
 We got to fight like Bugs last night of his life 
 (Kon Artis) 
 I walk with a limp, pistol hangin' off'a tha hip 
 I'm awkward and quick enough an sick when sparkin a fifth 
 Your carcas'll split even if beef is partially thick 
 We can't take you serious, you a comedy skit 
 You probably wish that you could be out shootin at G's 
 But the only thing you shoot is the breeze 
 I can't believe you speaking on movin key's 
 But every time we hear you kick it 
 The only thing you sellin is wolf tickets 
 I look wicked cause n***az'll test your nut sack 
 So when they bust you better bust back 
 Or get your guts clapped outta your stomach 
 And when they want it (yeah) 
 I bring a hundred n***az from (???) 
 So get to gunnin if you comin' 
 (Chorus: Eminem) 
 Well Come on in Everybody come on in 
 Kick your shoes off mother fuckers come on in 
 'Cause we get it on un- till the break of dawnin' 
 Wake your arse up mother fuckers quit yawnin 
 'Cause we ain't leavin' till 6 in tha mornin 
 So help us sing along with the words o' the song an 
 If you don't know the words an you can't sing along then 
 Fake like you know 'em mother fuckers an join in 
 Everybody come on in