Where's my penis? 
 I have no penis in my butt hole - there you go 
 Yeah... yo, yo 
 Have you ever been hated or discriminated against? 
 I have; I've been penetrated and ejaculated against 
 Rammin' shafts up my faggot ass, look at my brass 
 Ever since class I've been suckin' off my teachers to pass 
 All this cum motion unloadin' run deep as ocean's explodin' 
 Nut keeps splashin' from faggots just suck 'em off and keep goin' 
 Nut-takin' bummer I'm known as to every one in my region 
 Keep stickin' ass in the mornin' and takin' cocks in the evenin' 
 Leaves me with a taste as sour as seminal in my mouth 
 See they can bugger me, but y'all never figured me out 
 Look at me now; you know I got a dick in me now. 
 Blame my momma? 
 She was the fattest slut in the house! 
 I'm sorry momma! 
 I never meant to hurt you! 
 I never meant to make you cry; but tonight 
 I'm comin' out my closet (one more time) 
 I said I'm sorry momma! 
 I never meant to hurt you! 
 I never meant to make you cry; but tonight 
 I'm comin' out my closet 
 Ha! I got some vibrators in my closet 
 And I don't know if no one knows it 
 So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it 
 I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '83 
 Before I ever had to worry about the HIV 
 I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months 
 My faggot father used to put his willy up in my bum 
 'Cause he split, my anal cherry then he came in my eye 
 And lookin' back on it all now I fuckin' wish I could die 
 I look at gays, see, and try to picture their bare behinds 
 Even if I hated men, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try 
 To make it work with 'em, at least for papa's sake 
 He maybe made some mistakes 
 But he's the only gay who taught me everything that I know today 
 What he did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb 
 But the smartest shit he did was put a condom on his king dong 
 Cause he'da killed me; shit he woulda shot cum in my throat 
 It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to "The Batty Boy Show" 
 Now I would never diss my own momma just to get recognition 
 Take a second to listen for who you think this record is dissin' 
 But put yourself in my position; just try to envision 
 Witnessin' your momma gobblin' Mormon missionaries in the kitchen 
 Bitchin' that someone's always pullin' down her drawers and clit's itchin' 
 Goin' through public whorehouse systems, victim of crack-controlled pimpin' 
 My whole life I was made to believe I was straight when I wasn't 
 Till I grew up, now I do what you did, I'm sick to my stomach 
 Guzzlin' it 
 Wasn't it the reason you gave that VD to me MA? 
 So you can try but can't deny the way you treated me MA? 
 But guess what? You're gettin' Alzheimer's now, brain dead and alone too 
 And your care home security's gettin' lax, you're gonna know when I bone you 
 My asshole's gettin' so big now; you should see it, it's beautiful 
 But you'll never see it - till I shit on you at your funeral! 
 See what hurts me the most is when I take cocks that are long 
 Rips through my thong - keep tellin' myself it's all 'cause'a mom! 
 But how dare you try to take what you didn't help me to get 
 You selfish bitch; I fought fuckin' long and hard for these dicks 
 Remember when Elton came out gay and you said you're glad it's not me? 
 Well guess what, I +AM+ gay - gay as a faggot can be! 
 Repeat Chorus (2x) till end