Meet Eddie, twenty-three years old 
 Fed up with life and the way things are going 
 He decides to rob a liquor store 
 ("I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more homes") 
 But, on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart 
 And suddenly, his conscience comes into play 
 ("Shit is mine, I gotta do this, gotta do this") 
 Alright, stop 
 (Huh?) 
 Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store 
 And try to get money out the drawer 
 You better think of the consequence 
 (But who are you?) 
 I'm your motherfuckin' conscience 
 That's nonsense 
 Go, in and gaffle the money and run to one of your aunt's cribs 
 And borrow a damn dress, and one of her blond wigs 
 Tell her you need a place to stay 
 You'll be safe for days if you shave your legs with an aged razor blade 
 Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to 
 The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you 
 Think about it before you walk in the door first 
 Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns 
 Fuck that, do that shit, shoot that bitch 
 Can you afford to blow this shit? Are you that rich? 
 Why you give a fuck if she dies? Are you that bitch? 
 Do you really think she gives a fuck if you have kids? 
 Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it 
 (You're right) 
 Not over this shit, drop the biscuit 
 (Stop, I will) 
 Don't even listen to Slim yo, he's bad for you 
 (You know what Dre? I don't like your attitude) 
 ("It's alright c'mon, just come in here for a minute") 
 ("Mm, I don't know") 
 ("Look baby") 
 ("Damn") 
 ("Yo, it's gonna be alright, right?") 
 ("Well okay") 
 Meet Stan, twenty-one years old 
 ("Give me a kiss") 
 After meeting a young girl at a rave party 
 Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom 
 Once again, his conscience comes into play 
 ("Shit") 
 Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek 
 And smearin' her lipstick, I slipped this in her drink 
 Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little bitch's earlobe 
 (Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old) 
 (You shouldn't take advantage of her, that's not fair) 
 Yo, look at her bush, does it got hair? 
 (Uh, huh) 
 Fuck this bitch right here on the spot bare 
 'Til she passes out and she forgot how she got there 
 (Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie kids?) 
 No, but I seen the porno with sun doobiest 
 (Shit, you wanna get hauled off to jail?) 
 Man fuck that, hit that shit raw dawg and bail 
 Meet Grady, a twenty-nine year old construction worker 
 After coming home from a hard day's work 
 He walks in the door of his trailer park home 
 To find his wife in bed with another man 
 ("What the fuck? [unverified]?") 
 ("Grady") 
 Alright calm down, relax, start breathin' 
 Fuck that shit, you just caught this bitch cheatin' 
 While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off? 
 Fuck slittin' her throat, cut this bitch's head off 
 Wait, what if there's an explanation for this shit? 
 (What? She tripped? Fell? Landed on his dick?) 
 Alright Shady, maybe he's right Grady 
 But think about the baby before you get all crazy 
 Okay, thought about it, still wanna stab her? 
 Grab her by the throat, get your daughter and kidnap her? 
 That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard 
 You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes? 
 What'chu say? 
 (What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?) 
 I'ma kill you motherfucker 
 Uh, ah Temper temper 
 Mr. Dre? Mr. N.W.A.? 
 Mr. AK comin' straight outta Compton y'all better make way? 
 How in the fuck you gonna tell this man not to be violent? 
 'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went 
 Been there, done that, aw fuck it 
 What am I sayin'? Shoot 'em both Grady, where's your gun at?