Tonight's the night I get in some shit [Yeah] 
 Deep cover on the incognito tip. 
 Killin' motherfuckers if I have to 
 Peelin' caps too cause you niggas know I'm comin' at you. 
 I guess that's part of the game 
 But I feel for the nigger who thinks he just gonna come and chance 
 Things 
 With the swiftness so get it right with the quickness 
 And let me handle my business yo. 
 I'm on a mission and my mission won't stop 
 Until I get the nigger maxin' at the top. 
 I hope you get his ass before he drops. 
 Kingpin kickin' back while his workers sling his rocks. 
 Coming up like a fat rat. 
 Big money, big cars, big body guards on his back. 
 So it's difficult to get him. 
 But I got the hook up with somebody who knows how to get in contact 
 With 
 Him. 
 Hit him like this and like that, 
 Let 'em know that I'll make it for a big fat dope sack 
 What is this pen? so let's rush it. 
 If you want to handle it tonight we'll discuss it 
 On the nigga's time, in the nigga's place, 
 Take a strap just in case one of his boys recognize my face. 
 'Cause he's a sheisty motherfucker, 
 But I gives a fuck, 'cause I'm going deep cover. 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Creep with me as I crawl through the hood, 
 Maniac, lunatic, call 'em Snoop Eastwood 
 Kickin' dust as I bust fuck peace 
 And, the mothafuckin' drug police 
 You already know I gives a fuck about a cop 
 So why in the fuck would you think that it would stop 
 Plot, yeah, that's what we's about to do 
 Take your ass on a mission with the boys in blue 
 Dre, (whatup, Snoop) yo I got the feelin' 
 Tonight's the night like Betty Wright, and I'm chillin' 
 Killin', feelin', no remorse, yeah 
 So lets go straight to the motherfuckin' source 
 And see what we can find 
 Crooked ass cops that be gettin' niggaz a gang of times 
 And now they want to make a deal with me 
 Scoop me up and put me on they team and chill with me 
 And make my pockets bigger 
 They want to meet with me tonight at 7:00, so whassup nigger? 
 What you want to do? (What you want to do?) 
 I got the gauge, a uzi and the mothafuckin' 22 
 So if you want to blast, nigga we can buck 'em 
 If we stick 'em then we stuck 'em so fuck 'em!" 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Six fo' five was the time on the clock, 
 When me and my homey bailed in the parking lot. 
 The scene looked strange and it felt like a set up 
 Better not be, 'cause if it is, they're getting lit up. 
 Oh here they come from the back and they laxed. 
 I'm checkin' for the gats they strap, so what's up black? 
 Chill, lets hit a deal, if it ain't up to what you feel then grab your 
 Steel. 
 Right, so, what you motherfuckers gonna come at me with? 
 Hope you ain't wantin' none of my grip. 
 Cause you can save that shit. Guess what they told me? 
 'We give you 20 G's if you snitch on your homey, 
 We'll put you in a home, and make your life plush, 
 Oh yeah, but you got to sell dope for us." 
 Hmmm, let me think about it 
 Turned my back and grabbed my gat and guess what I told him before I 
 Shot 
 It: 
 'If you don't quit, yeah, if you don't stop, yeah, I'm lettin' my gat 
 Pop' 
 'Cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop 
 Yeah, and you don't stop, 'cause it's 1-8-7 on an undercover cop