Yeah...(laughter)...whoooo... shit (a'ight) hmmm, whoa, hmm ...eeee 
 Guess what? eweee, 
 (I'm not coming in yet) dodoodo, (I'm coming in) in a minute 
 (Hey yo), ummmm, (a'ight), (this is my love song), (Hey Yo), 
 Hey yeaaa, (aight), (It goes like this...), (a'ight) 
 Back when Mark Wallberg was marky mark 
 This is how we used to make the party start 
 We used to... mix in with bacardi dark 
 And when it... kicks in you can hardly talk 
 And by the... sixth gin you gon probly crawl 
 And you'll be... sick then and you'll probly barf 
 And my pre-...diction is that you gon probably fall 
 Either somewhere in the lobby or the hallway wall 
 And every-... things spinnin your beginning to think women are swimmin in 
 Pink linen and in the sink 
 Then in a couple of minutes that bottle of guinness is finished 
 You are now allowed to officially slap bitches 
 You have the right to remain violent and start wildin 
 Start a fight with the same guy that was smart eyein' you 
 Get in the car and start it and start drivin' 
 Over the island and cause a 42 car pile up 
 Earth calling, pilot to co-pilot, looking for life on this planet sir, 
 No sign of it all I could see is a bunch of smoke flyin and I'm 
 So high that I might die if I go by it. 
 Let me out of this place I'm outta place, I'm in in outter space, 
 I've just vanished without a trace. I'm going to a pretty place 
 Now where the flowers grow, I'll be back in an hour or so. 
 'Cause every time I go to try to leave (whoa-o-o) 
 Something keeps pullin on my sleeve (whoa-o-o) 
 I don't wanna but I gotta stay (whoa-o-o) 
 These drugs really gotta hold of me (whoa-o-o) 
 'Cause every time I try ta tell 'em no (no-o-o) 
 They won't let me ever let 'em go (go-o-o) 
 I'm a sucker all I gotta say (whoa-o-o) 
 Is drug's really gotta hold of me 
 In third grade all I used to do, was sniff glue 
 Through a tube and play rubix cube 
 Seventeen years later I'm as rude as Jude 
 Schemein on the first chick with the hugest boobs 
 I got no game, and every face looks the same 
 They got no name, so I don't need game to play 
 I just say whatever I want, to whoever I want, 
 Whenever I want, wherever I want, however I want 
 However I do show some respect to few 
 This ecstacy has got me standin next to you 
 Gettin' sentimental as fuck, spillin guts to you 
 We just met, but I think I'm in love wit you 
 But your on it too, so you tell me you love me too, 
 Wake up in the morning like "What the fuck we do?" 
 I gotta go bitch, you know I got stuff to do, 
 'Cause if I get caught cheatin' then I'm stuck with you 
 But in the long run these drugs are probably gonna catch up sooner or later 
 But fuck it I'm on one, so let's enjoy, 
 Let that X destroy your spinal chord, so it's not a straight line no more 
 So we walk around lookin' like some wind-up dolls, 
 Shit stickin out of our backs like a dinosaur, 
 Shit, six hit's won't even get me high no more, 
 So bye for now, I'm gonna try to find some more 
 That's the sound of a bottle when it's hollow when you swallow it all 
 Wallow and drown in your sorrow 
 And tomorrow your probably gonna wanna do it again 
 What's a little spinal fluid between you and a friend, screw it 
 And what's a little bit of alcohol poisoning? and what's a little fight, 
 Tomorrow you'll be boys again 
 It's your life, live it however you wanna 
 Marajuana is everywhere, where was you brought up? 
 It don't matter as long as you get where you're goin' 
 'Cause none of this shit's gonna mean shit where we're goin' 
 They tell you to stop but you just sit there and yawn, even though you wake up 
 Feelin' like shit every mornin. 
 But your young, you got a lot of drugs to do, girls to screw, 
 Parties to crash, sucks to be you 
 If I could take it all back now I wouldn't, I woulda did more shit that 
 People said that I shouldn't 
 But I'm all grown up now, and upgraded 
 And graduated to better drugs and updated 
 But I still gotta a lot of growin' up to do, 
 I still gotta whole lot of throwin' up to spew 
 But when it's all said and done I'll be 40 
 Before I know it wit a 40 on the porch tellin' stories 
 With a bottle of Jack, two grandkids on my lap, 
 Babysitting for Hailey, while Hailey's out gettin' smashed. 
 Drugs really gotta hold of me 
 Really got a hold of me 
 Drugs really gotta hold of me 
 They really got a hold of me