Yo, I can't sing it. 
 I feel like singin'. 
 I wanna fuckin' sing. 
 'Cause I'm happy. 
 Yeah, I'm happy. (Haha) 
 I got my baby back. 
 Yo, check it out. 
 Some days I sit, starin' out the window 
 Watchin' this world pass me by 
 Sometimes I think there's nothin' to live for 
 I almost break down and cry 
 Sometimes I think I'm crazy, I'm crazy oh so crazy 
 Why am I here, am I just wastin' my time? 
 But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy 
 It all makes sense when I look into her eyes 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin' on me 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
 But then she comes back to me 
 My baby girl, keeps gettin' older 
 I watch her grow up with pride 
 People make jokes, 'cause they don't understand me 
 They just don't see my real side 
 I act like shit don't phase me, inside it drives me crazy 
 My insecurities could eat me alive 
 But then I see my baby, suddenly I'm not crazy 
 It all makes sense when I look into her eyes 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin' on me 
 'Cause sometimes it feels like the world's almost over 
 But then she comes back to me 
 Man if I could sing I'd keep singin' this song to my daughter 
 If I could hit the notes, I'd blow somethin' as long as my father 
 To show her how I feel about her, how proud I am that I got her 
 God I'm a daddy, I'm so glad that her mom didn't want her 
 Now you probably get this picture from my public persona 
 That I'm a pistol-packin' drug addict who bags on his mama 
 But I wanna just take this time out to be perfectly honest 
 'Cause there's a lot of shit I keep bottled that hurts deep inside o' my soul 
 And just know that I grow colder the older I grow 
 This boulder on my shoulder gets heavy and harder to hold 
 And this load is like the weight of the world, and I think my neck is breakin' 
 Should I just give up or try to live up to these expectations? 
 Now look, I love my daughter more than life in itself 
 But I got a wife that's determined to make my life livin' hell 
 But I handle it well, given the circumstances I'm dealt 
 So many chances, man it's too bad, coulda had someone else 
 But the years that I've wasted is nothin' to the tears that I've tasted 
 So here's what I'm facin': 3 felonies, 6 years of probation 
 I've went to jail for this woman, I've been to bat for this woman 
 I've taken bats to peoples backs, bent over backwards for this woman 
 Man I shoulda seen it comin', what'd I stick my penis up in? 
 Wouldn't've ripped the pre-nup up if I'd seen what she was fuckin' 
 But fuck it it's over, there's no more reason to cry no more 
 I got my baby, baby the only lady that I adore, Hailie 
 So sayonara, try tomorra, nice to know ya 
 My baby's travelled back to the arms of her rightful owner 
 And suddenly it seems that my shoulder blades have just shifted 
 It's like the greatest gift you can get, the weight has been lifted 
 Now it don't feel like the world's on my shoulders 
 Everyone's leanin'on me 
 'Cause my baby knows that her daddy's a soldier 
 Nothin' can take her from me 
 Woo! 
 I told you I can't sing. 
 Oh well, I tried. 
 Hailie, 'member when I said "If you ever need anything, daddy will be right there?" 
 Well guess what? 
 Daddy's here. And I ain't goin' nowhere baby. 
 I love you.