Let's get down to business 
 I don't got no time to play around what is this... what is this... 
 The Invasion! yeah yeah Green Lantern! The infiltration! We're comin'! 
 Yeah! 
 I got 50 Cent, I got G-unit, D-twizzy in this bitch, wit' obie trice 
 So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name, 'cause you say one more thing, it won't be nice 
 Here we go, 
 I shoulda known 
 I was bound to get pulled 
 Into some bullshit 
 Sooner or later 
 You litte haters 
 Are too jealous of us to love us 
 You hate it, 
 G-unit made it, 
 Then Obie's coming, 
 D-twizzy's comin', ya sick to 
 Ya stomach 
 50 percent of it's 50 Cent, 
 The other 50 percent of it's whose color of skin it is 
 But if you even considerin' takin' our label down, 
 You better find our building 
 And fly a fuckin' plane into it 
 But I ain't tryin' to get to intricate into it, 
 I'm just tryin' to give you a little hint for your own benefit 
 'Cause then it's gonna get to the point 
 Where it escalates into some other shit, 
 Then I'm a flip 
 Then I'm a get to 
 Stompin' in my Air Force once, 
 Won't be able to tell if its two purrs or it's one 
 'Cause it's gone feel like so many feet kickin you, 
 You think Nike just made these cleats into shoes 
 I don't know what it is or what it could be, 
 But I get a woody, 
 When these pussies try to push me 
 Thinkin' they gone put me in a position to pickle me 
 Y'all tickle me pink, 
 I think I'd just rather have pink tickle me 
 Hickory dickory dock tickety tock tickety, 
 A little bit of the diggety doc 
 Diggety mixed with a little bit of the (em's voice scratchin') 
 What a small pinch, 
 Biggy look at me, 
 I'm just a bomb diggety 
 We the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable 
 'Cause we gone fuck around and kill your lable! Obie, D-twizzy, G-unit, 50, Shady 
 Records we the lable for sho! 
 We the realest lable, we'll try to act like you don't feel our lable 
 'Cause we gone fuck around and steal your paper! Obie, D-twizzy, G-unit, 50, we're 
 Gone kill your fuckin' lable for sho! 
 Shady in the place to BC, 'cause I got what it takes to rock tha mic RIGHT! 
 Still watch what you say to me ho 'cause I'm off probation in less than 6 MONTHS! 
 Ha ha, whooo, Shady records, still Aftermath, and don't think we don't hear you 
 Muthafuckas talkin', 'cause we do, we see y'all, but we just gone sit back for a minute 
 And see what the fuck y'all do!