Aww, look at daddy's baby girl 
 That's daddy's baby, little sleepy head 
 Yesterday I changed your diaper wiped you and powdered you 
 How did you get so big? Can't believe it, now you're two 
 Baby you're so precious, daddy's so proud of you 
 Sit down bitch, you move again I'll beat the shit out of you! (Okay) 
 Don't make me wake this baby, she don't need to see what I'm 'bout to do 
 Quit crying bitch, why do you always make me shout at you? 
 How could you just leave me and love him out the blue? 
 Oh, what's the matter Kim, am I too loud for you? 
 Too bad bitch, you're gonna finally hear me out this time 
 At first, I'm like "Aight, you wanna throw me out, that's fine" 
 But not for him to take my place, are you out your mind? 
 This couch, this TV, this whole house is mine 
 How could you let him sleep in our bed, look it Kim 
 Look at your husband now 
 (No) 
 , I said look at him! 
 He ain't so hot now, is he, little punk? 
 (Why are you doing this?) 
 Shut the fuck up! 
 (You're drunk, you're never gonna get away with this) 
 You think I give a fuck? Come on we're going for a ride bitch 
 (No) 
 Sit up front 
 (We can't just leave Hailie alone, what if she wakes up) 
 We'll be right back, well I will, you'll be in the trunk 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 You really fucked me Kim, you really did a number on me 
 Never knew me cheatin' on you would come back to haunt me 
 But we was kids then Kim, I was only eighteen, that was years ago 
 I thought we wiped the slate clean, that's fucked up 
 (I love you) 
 Oh God, my brain is racing 
 (I love you) 
 What are you doing? Change the station 
 I hate this song, does this look like a big joke? 
 (No) 
 There's a four year-old little boy laying dead with a slit throat 
 In your living room, ha-ha, what, you think I'm kidding you? 
 You loved him didn't you? 
 (No) 
 Bullshit you bitch don't fucking lie to me 
 What the fuck's this guy's problem on the side of me? 
 Fuck you asshole, yeah, bite me 
 Kim, Kim! Why don't you like me? You think I'm ugly, don't you? 
 (It's not that) 
 No, you think I'm ugly 
 (Baby) 
 Get the fuck away from me, don't touch me 
 I hate you, I hate you, I swear to God, I hate you, oh my God, I love you 
 How the fuck could you do this to me? 
 (I'm sorry) 
 How the fuck could you do this to me? 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 Come on get out 
 (I can't, I'm scared) 
 I said get out bitch 
 (Let go of my hair) 
 (Please don't do this baby, please I love you) 
 (Look, we can just take Hailie and leave) 
 Fuck you! You did this to us, you did it, it's your fault 
 Oh my God, I'm cracking up, get a grip Marshall 
 Hey remember the time we went to Brian's party? 
 And you were like so drunk that you threw up all over Archie 
 That was funny, wasn't it? 
 (Yes) 
 That was funny, wasn't it? 
 (Yes) 
 See it all makes sense, doesn't it? 
 You and your husband have a fight, one of you tries to grab a knife 
 And during the struggle he accidentally gets his Adam's apple sliced 
 (No) 
 And while this is going on, his son just woke up and he walks in 
 She panics and he gets his throat cut 
 (Oh my God) 
 So now they both dead and you slash your own throat 
 So now it's double homicide and suicide with no note 
 I should've known better when you started to act weird 
 We could of - hey, where you going? Get back here 
 You can't run from me Kim, it's just us, nobody else 
 You're only making this harder on yourself 
 Ha ha, got ya, go ahead, yell 
 Here I'll scream with you, "Ah, somebody help!" 
 Don't you get it bitch, no one can hear you 
 Now shut the fuck up and get what's coming to you 
 You were supposed to love me 
 Now bleed bitch, bleed! 
 bleed bitch, bleed! 
 Bleed! 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you 
 So long, bitch you did me so wrong 
 I don't wanna go on, living in this world without you