Damn! 
 Why don't you ever go away? 
 Huuuuh? 
 Chorus A: 
 We need to stop this shit 
 And relize what you spit 
 It's me and this garbage 
 Just shake some ass and tits 
 Don't act like your sick 
 And I'm gonna respect you 
 And leave Hip-Hop alone. 
 Go! - Promote wack rap! 
 When I turn on the radio - I get nauseous 
 Annoy your commercial garbage, 
 And make sure I turn it off quick 
 You make me so sick, it's pointless to even diss. 
 But I do it for the lute and mp3 page his, I try to teach kids 
 But their steady rocking, eyes boping heads to Ludacris. 
 Swearing that he's nice! - Come on he sounds like the newest sensation 
 To get the party dancing - and fuckin' asses shakin'. 
 Making hits faking quick [? ] like music 
 I'll slap you with your own ryhme - oh, there's your greatest hit! 
 Lazy kids with dope beats, and alot of blabling 
 In reality you get beat like Eric [? ] battling 
 But it's not your fault completely! 
 I blame promoters to, hyping up your CD when they got 4 interludes! 
 Companes lute you - cause your making them lute 
 But when your one hit wares out - they'll drop you for good, your replaceable 
 (Chorus A) 
 Pretend you like Hip-Hop! - That's a no-no! 
 Show your [? ] donate a Volvo 
 Oh, no! - That be to much to ask! 
 Actin' like Alaskins with that rented ice you flash. 
 I'll come down to your street carrying burners 
 Now your block is hot! Hot like a heat contained thermis. 
 Your nerves now - I see your eyes twitching, doing [? ] to females 
 Coming out sounding like bitches retards spiting disses a bunch of carbincopyies. 
 You must of failed the road test, learning how to write beats 
 My street! - Only bumps but it's unreleashed. 
 Fuck self reclamed kings of Hip-Hop! - There all weak! 
 My ryhme shines brighter then any ice you rock 
 Ryhming in the hook 9 times [? ] 
 Lame ducks running on stage with make-up! 
 It's crazy to us! - Real MC's take and get big cuts! - Your finshed... 
 (Chorus A: x2) 
 Chorus B: 
 Stop this shit! 
 And relize what you spit! 
 It's me and this garbage 
 Just shake some ass and tits! 
 Don't act like your sick 
 You'll be out of fasion quick 
 Leave Hip-Hop alone 
 You annoying piece of shit!