Spoken: 
 You know I just don't get it: last year I was nobody, this year I'm sellin' records. Now everybody wants to come around like I owe 'em somethin'! What the fuck you want from me, ten million dollars? Get the fuck out of here! 
 You see I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me 
 (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me 
 (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me 
 (Take shots at me) 
 Yo, you might see me jogging, you might see me walking 
 You might see me walking a dead rottweiler dog 
 With its head chopped off in the park with a spiked collar 
 Hollering at him 'cause the son of a bitch won't quit barking 
 Or leaning out a window with a cocked shotgun 
 Driving up the block in the car that they shot 'Pac in 
 Looking for B.I.G.'s killers 
 Dressing ridiculous 
 Blue and red, like I don't see what the big deal is 
 Double-barrel twelve gauge bigger than Chris Wallace 
 Pissed off, 'cause Biggie and 'Pac just missed all this 
 Watching all these cheap imitations get rich off 'em 
 And get dollars that shoulda been theirs like they switched wallets 
 And amidst all this Crist' poppin' and wristwatches 
 I just sit back and just watch and just get nauseous 
 And walk around with an empty bottle of Rémy Martin 
 Starting shit like some 26-year-old skinny Cartman 
 (Goddammit) 
 I'm anti-Backstreet and Ricky Martin 
 With instinct to kill *NSYNC, don't get me started 
 These fuckin' brats can't sing, and Britney's garbage 
 What's this bitch retarded?  Gimme back my sixteen dollars 
 All I see is sissies in magazines smilin' 
 Whatever happened to wildin' out and being violent? 
 Whatever happened to catching a good old-fashioned passionate ass-whooping 
 And getting your shoes, coat and your hat tooken? 
 New Kids On The Block suck a lot of dick 
 Boy/girl groups make me sick 
 And I can't wait 'til I catch all you faggots in public 
 I'ma love it 
 (Ha, ha, ha) 
 Vanilla Ice don't like me 
 (Nuh-uh) 
 Said some shit in 
 Vibe 
 to spite me 
 (Yup) 
 Then went and dyed his hair just like me 
 (He-he) 
 A bunch of little kids wanna swear just like me 
 And run around screamin' "I don't care, just bite me" 
 (Nah nah) 
 I think I was put here to annoy the world 
 And destroy your little 4-year-old boy or girl 
 Plus I was put here to put fear 
 In faggots who spray Faygo root beer 
 And call themselves clowns 'cause they look queer 
 Faggy2Dope and Silent Gay 
 Claiming Detroit, when y'all live twenty miles away 
 (Fucking punks) 
 And I don't wrestle, I'll knock you fucking faggots the fuck out 
 Ask 'em about the club they was at when they snuck out 
 After they ducked out the back when they saw us and bugged out 
 (Aah) 
 Ducked down and got paintballs shot at they truck 
 (Blaow) 
 Look at y'all runnin' your mouth again 
 When you ain't seen a fuckin' mile road south of 10 
 And I don't need help from D12 
 To beat up two females 
 In make-up, who may try to scratch me with Lee Nails 
 "Slim Anus"? You damn right, Slim Anus 
 I don't get fucked in mine like you two little flamin' faggots! 
 'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm not a wrestler guy, I'll knock you out if you talk about me 
 (Talk about me) 
 Come and see me on the streets alone if you assholes doubt me 
 (Assholes doubt me) 
 And if you wanna run your mouth then come take your best shot at me 
 (Your best shot at me) 
 Is it because you love me that y'all expect so much of me? 
 You little groupie bitch, get off me, go fuck Puffy! 
 Now because of this blond mop that's on top 
 And this fucked up head that I've got, I've gone pop? 
 The underground just spun'd around and did a 360 
 Now these kids diss me and act like some big sissies 
 "Oh, he just did some shit with Missy, 
 So now he thinks he's too big to do some shit with MC Get Bizzy" 
 My fucking bitch mom's suing for ten million 
 She must want a dollar for every pill I've been stealing 
 Shit, where the fuck you think I picked up the habit? 
 All I had to do was go in her room and lift up her mattress 
 Which is it bitch, Mrs. Briggs or Ms. Mathers? 
 It doesn't matter, 
 your attorney Fred Gibson's a 
 faggot 
 Talkin' about I fabricated my past 
 He's just aggravated I won't ejaculate in his ass! 
 (Uhh) 
 So tell me, what the hell is a fella to do? 
 For every million I make, another relative sues 
 Family fighting and fussing over who wants to invite me to supper 
 All of a sudden I got 90-some cousins 
 (Hey it's me) 
 A half-brother and sister who never seen me 
 Or even bothered to call me until they saw me on TV 
 Now everybody's so happy and proud 
 I'm finally allowed 
 To step foot in my girlfriend's house! 
 (Hey) 
 And then to top it off, I walked to the newsstand 
 To buy this cheap-ass little magazine with a food stamp 
 Skipped to the last page, flipped right fast 
 And what do I see?  A picture of my big white ass 
 Okay, let me give you motherfuckers some help 
 Uh, here - 
 XXL 
 , 
 XXL 
 Now your magazine shouldn't have so much trouble to sell! 
 Ah, fuck it, I'll even buy a couple myself 
 'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me 
 (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me 
 (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me 
 (Take shots at me) 
 'Cause I'm just Marshall Mathers 
 (Marshall Mathers) 
 I'm just a regular guy, I don't know why all the fuss about me 
 (Fuss about me) 
 Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me 
 (Did was doubt me) 
 Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me 
 (Take shots at me)