Comin' up it never mattered what color you was, if you could spit then you could spit, that's it, that's what it was. 
 Back when motherfuckers was straight back packin' syphron fightin' for life in this rap for the mic to get passed, and you phsyiced and your gassin, and you hyped cause you lastin, and you might win some massive, if you lost then you lost, shake hands like a man and you swallowed it. 
 Went on some hype column in the source was like my only source of light when the mics use to mean something, the four was like you was the shit, now it's like the least you get 3 and a half now which means yous a piece of shit, for and a half or five means you 
 Biggie 
 Jigga 
 Naz, or 
 Benzino. 
 See I don't even think you realize you playin' with motherfuckers lives. I don't watch 
 Greg get fucked on the chronic probably 'cause I was on it. 
 Now you fucked me out of my mics twice, I let it slide, I said I wouldn't hold my fuckin' breathe to get a five, shit I was right I'ld a fuckin' died already tryin' I swear to 
 God, I never lied. 
 Tell us why you and that bitch gave me that bullshit review, I sat and took it, and look at the shit we knew, you try to fuck us with obby in 52. hhhkkkk pewww, fuck a relationship we through, no more source with street credit them days is dead, 
 Ray's got 
 AK's to 
 Dave 
 Mays' head... 
 Every issue there's an 8 page makemen spread. 
 Will someone please tell him whoever braids his head I am not afraid of this fuckin' wastin lead on my pencil, for me to write some shit this simple. 
 So listen closely, 'cause I break it down and proceed, this oj's 'bout to get smoked like row weed. 
 You don't know me or my motherfuckin' mother you motherfuckin' punk. 
 Put me on your fuckin' cover just to sell you little sell out mag., I ain't mad I feel bad, here's an ad here's a poster of 
 Ray 
 Ray and his dad. 
 You want to talk about some shit you don't know about, yeah, let's talk about how your puttin' your own son out there to try to eat off him, cause you missed your boat, cause your never gunna blow bitch, your just too old. 
 No wonder your sore now, lordy your bored now, I'm pushin' 30 your kick 40's door down. 
 Business is war and you'll never beat me, all you do is cheat me, out of cordables, but you know you'll always see me, on your little TV, cause you got to stay up to 3 in the mornin' to see your video played once on 
 B.E.T. 
 So, hehe he, who has the last laugh after mad gas, you won't be half of a whole stack. 
 Kiss her asshole cracks, you'll never fold or whole back, just know that. 
 Benzy knows whack, no matter how many times I say his name, he'll never blow jack. 
 Your better off tryin' to bring 
 R and 
 Soul back, look at your track record, that's how far it goes back... 
 It's extortion and rounds of portion, so half of the staff affair fresh out of jail from 
 Boston. 
 Bullyin' and bossin', gave like a slave, they completely brain washed him, and forced him to stay locked in his own office. 
 Afraid of the softest vaguest wanna be gangsta in 
 New 
 York. 
 And it's pitiful 'cause I would have never said shit if you'd kept your mouth shut bitch now what. 
 Here da clue, spit it 
 Slain, new shit, exclusive your landin and yo who get, you know what to do with this use it, I'm through witdis, this is stupid, I can't believe I stooped to this bullshit to do this, and who you callin a bitch... bitch. 
 You owe me.