As heard on 
 The Slim Shady LP 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 DQbOzZ6zHdw|209|252 
 Em, What's goin' on, this is Paul Rosenberg, your faithful attorney at law. 
 Listen, I listened to the rough copy of your album and uhh, you know I just gotta be honest with you. 
 Could you tone it down a little bit, because there's only so much I can explain. 
 Gimme a call. 
 As heard on 
 The Marshall Mathers LP 
 Em, what's goin' on, it's Paul. 
 Uhh, Dre gave me a copy of the new album, and I just... *sigh* 
 Fuck it. 
 *Hangs Up* 
 As heard on 
 The Eminem Show 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 VL75Lf027B8|209|252 
 Em, it's Paul. 
 Listen, Joel just called me and he said you're in the fuckin' back behind his studio, 
 shooting your gun off in the air like it's a shooting range. 
 I told you not to fuckin' bring your gun around, like an idiot, outside of your home. 
 You're gonna get yourself in trouble. 
 Don't bring your gun outside of your home you can't carry it on you. 
 Leave your fucking gun at home. 
 *Hangs up* 
 As heard on 
 Encore 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 KtbOED0Ag4o|209|252 
 Hey Em, it's Paul. 
 Uh, listen I just got a call from the label, and you're probably not gonna be surprised but uhm, 
 Michael Jackson is extremely upset about the Just Lose It video. 
 And uhm, I mean he's pissed, so I-I don't know what he's gonna do, but we gotta talk about how we're gonna handle this. Uhm... 
 Oh yeah, anyway, somebody told me that, uhm, they heard a rumor that you got a new gun, uhm. 
 I know it's probably not true, but I just need to talk to you about that. So, uh, give me a call. *Hangs Up* 
 As heard on 
 Relapse 
 Watch video at YouTube 
 yrQlqJhAfOQ|209|252 
 Em, it's Paul. 
 Uhm, I just listened to the entire album. 
 And you gotta be fucking kidding me. 
 I mean with this Christopher Reeve shit, you know the guy's dead right? 
 And then the whole gay, step-father incest rape thing? 
 I don't have your back on this one, I can't even fuckin' handle it. 
 I'm done. 
 *Hangs Up*