As soon as hip hop came out it was a music that I could grasp and identify with the millennium. 
 All round and round! 
 From the first to the last, it is in the? passionate 
 Clear shit! all my nigger want my... 
 The hip pop is dying out! 
 ...My rap poem. 
 Eminem: 
 There's a certain mystique when I speak that you notice 
 'Cause it's sort of unique, cause you know it's me, 
 My poetry is deep and I'm still mad at the way I flow his beat! 
 I can't stand still, it's like trying smoke crap and go to sleep, 
 I'm strapped it's known any minute I could snap, 
 I'm the equivalent of what would happen if bush rapped 
 I bully these rappers so bad lyrically 
 It ain't even funny, I ain't even hungry, it ain't even money 
 You can't pay me enough for you to play me 
 It's cockamanie you just ain't zany enough to rock with shady 
 My noodle is cock-a-doodle, my clock's coo-coo 
 I got screws loose, yeah the whole kitten caboodle, I'm just brutal 
 It's no rumor, I'm numero uno, assume it 
 There's no more humor in it, you know 
 I'm rolling with a swollen bowling ball in my bag 
 You need a fag and tear a near hole in my ass! 
 (Jay-z) 
 Young hov got the game in a frenzy 
 Twenty million sold all independently, 
 So when you mention me 
 Make sure you got together your 'semblies 
 Like, "he's the games j.f.kennedy" 
 I started out, I ain't have no chimney 
 My ma was santa claus, well, at least she pretended to be 
 Till one night, well, that's if memory serves me correct 
 I caught her under the christmas tree. 
 Young hov ain't have no pops 
 Thank god, man, I had the block 
 Y'all hear me though 
 You young fucks got the game all wrong 
 This is my life, man, this ain't no song! 
 You ain't livin' your rhymes out, you live at your mom's house 
 In that tight-ass room, pullin' the cars out 
 And the mirror pointin' at your reflection, killing yourself 
 You American pie, stop feeling yourself! 
 Nas: 
 I woke up early on my born day, I'm twenty years of blessing 
 The essence of adolescent leaves my body now I'm fresh in 
 My physical frame is celebrated 'cause I made it 
 One quarter through life some god-ly like thing created 
 Got rhymes 365 days annual plus some 
 Load up the mic and bust one, cuss while I puffs from 
 My skull 'cause it's pain in my brain vein money maintain 
 Don't go against the grain simple and plain! 
 When I was young at this I used to do my thing hard 
 Robbin' foreigners take they wallets they jewels and rip they green cards 
 Dipped to the projects flashin' my quick cash 
 And got my first piece of ass smokin' blunts with hash 
 Now it's all about cash in abundance, niggaz I used to run with 
 Is rich or doin' years in the hundreds 
 I switched my motto -- instead of sayin' fuck tomorrow 
 That buck that bought a bottle could've struck the lotto. 
 Once I stood on the block, loose cracks produce stacks 
 I cooked up and cut small pieces to get my loot back 
 Time is illmatic keep static like wool fabric 
 Pack a four-matic that crack your whole cabbage!