RBX: 
 Remember me? Seven executions 
 Remember me? I have no remorse 
 Remember me? I'm high powered 
 Remember me? I drop bombs like Hiroshima 
 For this one it's the X, you retarded? 
 'Cause I grab the mic and get down like syndrome 
 Hide and roam into the masses 
 Without boundaries which qualifies me for the term "Universal" 
 Without no rehearsal, I leak words that's controversial 
 Like I'm not the one you wanna contest, see 
 'Cause I'll hit your ass like the train did that bitch that got banned from TV 
 Heavyweight hitter 
 Hit you watch your whole head split up 
 Loco is the motion, we comin' through 
 Hollow tips is the lead, the forty-five threw 
 Sticky Fingaz: 
 Remember me? Throw ya guns in the air 
 Remember me? Slam, slam 
 Remember me? Nigga, back the fuck up 
 Remember me? Chka-chka-Onyx 
 Niggas that take no for an answer, get told, "No" 
 Yeah, I been told no but it was more like, "No, no, no" 
 Life's a bitch, met her, fuck you if you let her 
 Better come better than better to be a competitor 
 This vet is ahead of the shit is all redder, you deader and deader 
 A medic instead of the cheddars and credda 
 Settle vendetta with metal beretta from ghetto to ghetto 
 Evidence, nope, never leave a shred-of 
 I got the soul of every rapper in me, love me or hate me 
 My mom's got raped by the industry and made me 
 I'm the illest nigga ever, I told you 
 I get more pussy than them dyke bitches Total 
 Want beef? Nigga, pbbt, you better dead that shit 
 My name should be Can't-Believe-That-Nigga-Said-That-Shit 
 Probably sayin' he ain't a killer but I'm killin' myself 
 Smoke death, fuck bitches raw on the kitchen floor 
 So think what I'mma do to you, have done to you 
 Got niggas in my hood who'd do that shit for a blunt or two 
 What you wanna do? Cocksuckers, we glock busters 
 Till the cops cuff us, we'll start ruckus and drop blockbusters 
 Round the clock hustlers, you cannot touch us 
 I'm getting wires, niggas wanting me dead, wanting my head 
 You think it could be something I said? 
 Eminem: 
 Remember me? I just don't give a fuck 
 Remember me? Yeah, fuck you too 
 Remember me? I'm low down and I'm shifty 
 Remember me? I'm Shady 
 Eminem and Dr. Dre: 
 When I go out, I'mma go out shooting 
 I don't mean when I die, I mean when I go out to the club, stupid 
 I'm tryna clean up my fuckin' image so I promised the fuckin' critics 
 I wouldn't say fuckin' for six minutes 
 (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on) 
 My baby's mom, bitch made me an angry blonde 
 So I made me a song, killed her, and put Hailie on 
 I may be wrong, I keep thinking these crazy thoughts 
 In my cranium but I'm stuck with a crazy mom 
 (Is she really on as much dope as you say she's on?) 
 Came home, and somebody musta broke in the back window 
 And stole two loaded machine guns and both of my trenchcoats 
 Sick, sick dreams of picnic scenes 
 Two kids, sixteen with M-16's and ten clips each 
 And them shits reach through six kids each 
 And Slim gets blamed in Bill Clint's speech to fix these streets? 
 Fuck that, pbbt, you faggots can vanish to volcanic ash 
 And reappear in Hell with a can of gas and a match 
 Aftermath, Dre, grab the gat, show 'em where it's at 
 (What the fuck you staring at, nigga?) 
 Don't you remember me? 
 Remember me? 
 Remember me? 
 Remember me?