Ladies and gentlemen make some noise. 
 Aww shit, yeah. 
 Y'all ready to get this shit started or what? 
 Aiight, well I brought some friends with me too. 
 Eminem 
 Now I ain't back just for the sake of saying I'm back 
 I could relax, but I'd rather stack ammo on tracks 
 Couple Xanax, light a couple wax candles then black-out and 
 Relapse till I yack Jack Daniels and 'gnac (Woo!) 
 Burp bubbles, attitudes immature and double shot of Bacardi, party vision is blurrin' 
 Whoa-oh! I can't see shit, my words get to slurrin' 
 Uh oh! You can call me R. Kelly, now urine/you're in 
 Trouble! 
 What's accurin' before, after, and durin' the show 
 There's no bearin' on the bad news I'm bearin', whoa 
 What is it wordplay? No, I'm pushin' you out the do' 
 So suck my dick on the couch if you wanna cushion the blow 
 Now stomp your fuckin' feet till you get to squishin' a ho 
 Its pandemo-nium standin' O when you see him (Oh!) 
 Damn, baby you look good, you givin' me wood 
 You should, pull over like a sweatshirt with a hood 
 Let's network, get our poly on, you and me both break bread 
 While I'm coppin' over this game to pinch a loaf 
 Now homie, who's your favorite pain in the ass 
 Who claims to be spittin' the same flames as me 
 I'm 
 Kanye 
 when he crashed 
 In other words, I got the hood on smash like I stepped on the gas 
 Destroyed the front end, deployed the damn air bags on the dash 
 Went through 'em and laughed 
 Came back an hour after the accident and bit a God-damn Jawbreaker in half 
 So stop fakin' the funk and start shakin' ya ass 
 Slaughterhouse in the house with the Caucasian of rap 
 And Just Blaze on the track 
 What the fucks more amazin' then that, slut? Answer me that 
 Royce 
 where you at 
 Royce da 5'9" 
 I'm right here fire Marshall, verbal pair of pliers 
 To pry apart you, lump on your head designed by a bar stool 
 Designed by a cartoon, before I need to be hired 
 Jimmy Io' fire Marshall 
 The 9 tucked against the linin' 
 I pull it out and flip your partner upside-down like y'all are a couple 69in' 
 It's like Rick James is shooting up your house, nigga 
 [Rapid gunfire] "FUCK YO' COUCH NIGGA!" 
 You screaming 'fuck the world' with your middle finger up 
 While I'm over here shoving my dick in a hole in the mud 
 My bitch, know I'm perfectly fit for murder 
 Because I murdered her, so you can call me Nickel the OJ, the Glove 
 I got a Posse of Insane Clowns, blow your brains on your opposite ear 
 Then ask you how your brain sounds 
 Bad, evil, we go Alfred E. Newman, mad cerebral, you on your last burrito 
 (What that mean Nickel?) It's a wrap if you eating 
 Get a beat then terrorize that bitch like I'm Middle Eastern 
 Slaughterhouse on fire, nobody touching that 
 Good day and good night, Ortiz, yo where the fuck you at 
 Joell Ortiz 
 I'm right here; my Nike Airs buzz light years ahead of my mic peers 
 Quite scary to look at, a nightmare, where my book at I write fear 
 In the heart of you tight squares, I harbor the art of "You Nice" wear 
 It's type weird 'cause that made me hotter than my dear 
 Uncle Al's breath after polishin' off his ninth beer... 
 Homie chill, listen, I swear, I'm God, I give tracks a holy feel/Holyfield 
 And they bite ears... 
 I'm right here, why wouldn't I be? Just waiting to be hooked to IV's 
 It's Mumm-Ra's well when you look at my pee 
 And this joint? (No exception) So just point (A direction) 
 And record the pig's oink (When I rip his intestines) 
 This isn't just an infection; this won't go away with penicillin injections 
 Millions of questions arose after they did an inspection 
 What I exhibit, seems to be non-contagious yet anybody can get it 
 Aww, shit it I did it again when I lit up this pen, I emitted this phlegm 
 This time it's along side it Em-in-em 
 So tell a friend to tell a friend, bite a disgusting hook 
 Jump in shark water and swim, yo where the fuck is 
 Crook 
 Crooked I 
 I'm right here letting the shotty pop, quick as a karate chop 
 Get your body shot, get your top chopped like a lollipop 
 Colored Maserati drop, in a body shop 
 Get your mommy knocked, and your Uncle Tommy molliwopped (Geah!) 
 I take your life to the 9th innin' 
 A knife in a gunfight... I love it, me and my knife winnin' 
 I laugh when you fall, the shit'll be funny 
 I buy my bitch a new ass and watch her sit on my money 
 Man, all the bitches holla 
 They wanna drop my britches than jaw my dick to swallow 
 Leave drawers in this Impala, I ball like Iguodala 
 I bear more arms than 6 koalas (uh) As soon as I draw get sent to Allah 
 Bi-linguist don, I kill with the tongue, I'm Attila the Hun, I'm Genghis Khan, I'm a genius spawn 
 I pillage your village for fun, an egregious con 
 A syllable gun, real as they come, Long Beach Saddam (Blaow!) 
 Slaughterhouse equals swine flu, a sound flyin', we do what you try to do without trying 
 (Slaughterhouse!) 'Cause to us it's so easy, where's... "Jump-off" Joe Beezy