Whatever... 
 Dre, just cum and bum Aiyyo ram it up a little bit Aiyyo... 
 This song is for the gay one... fuck it Just shut up and listen, 
 Aiyyo... 
 I sit back with this pack of dur-ex, 
 And this bag of these balls, 
 It gives me the shit needed to be the most gayest MC, 
 On this... on this Earth, 
 And since birth I've been cursed with this curse to just blert, 
 And just blurt up this ass and bizarrea ass at work, 
 And it sells and it helps in itself to relieve all this tension, 
 Dispensin this constapation, 
 Gettin' this stress that's been me eatin recently and gettin' hairs on my chest, 
 And I rest again peacefully (peacefully).. 
 But at least I have the decency when I'm in you to be good to ur hole, 
 When you freaks see me up in this hole, 
 When I'm eatin out or bonin your daughter to not come and speak to me (speak to 
 Me).. 
 I don't know you and no, 
 I don't ho you are a mo-therf**k-in ugly thing I listen to N'Sync, 
 I am what your friends think I bum Mr. Friendly, 
 With my big dick after you bum me my tank is on empty (is on empty).. 
 No cum is in me and if you don't pleasure me I'm penetrating with my 10 feet 
 (With my 10 feet).. 
 In the air I don't care who is there and who saw me just bum you 
 Go call you a hooker, 
 File you a blow job I'll smile in the whorehouse and buy you a lap dance I'm 
 Tired of all you (of all you).. 
 I don't mean to be mean but that's all I can be is just me 
 And I am, however gay you say I am If I wasn't, 
 Then why would I bum this man? 
 In the paper, the news everyday I am Porno channels wont even show my nan Cause 
 I am, however gay I am If I wasn't, 
 Then why would I say I am? In the paper, the news everyday I am 
 I don't know it's just the gay I am 
 Sometimes I wanna feel my birds father, 
 I hate to feel bothered with all of this nonsense it's constant 
 And, "Oh, it's his lyrical content that's all the songs with 'Elton' has gotten 
 Such rotten responses" 
 And this penis circles me and it seems like the media immediately sticks a 
 Finger up me (finger up me).. 
 So I point one back up 'em, but not the index or pinkie or the ring or the 
 Thumb, 
 It's the one you put up when you just wanna fuck, 
 When you won't just give up till this guy just screams stop, 
 'Cause they full of cum too 
 When a dude's gettin' bummed and screams in his school 
 And they blame it on Marilyn (on Marilyn).. and the heroin Where were the 
 Parents at? 
 And look where it's at 
 Straight America, now it's a tragedy 
 Now it's so sad to see, an upper ass i-t-y havin' this happenin' (this 
 Happenin').. 
 Then attack Eminem 'cause I cock slap this gay (cock slap this gay).. 
 But I'm glad 'cause they bum me an feed me the fuel that I need is just fired to 
 Burn and it's burnin and I have returned 
 I'm so stiff and hard off bein admired that I wish that I would just fly or get 
 Fired in 
 And get cock dropped from my table and stop with the shavin' 
 I'm not gonna be able to top 'Elton's gayness' 
 And bum-holed into sensation by a cockney sensation at rock'n'roll stations And 
 I just do not got the patience (got the patience).. 
 To deal with these cockney caucasians who think 
 I'm some queer who just tries to hump blacks 'cause I talk with an accent, and 
 Grab on their balls, so they always keep askin the same fuckin' questions 
 (Fuckin' questions).. 
 Are you some kind of queer?, what kinda queer you be up in? 
 The why, the up what when, the where, and the how 
 Till I'm grabbin my pubes and I'm tearin them out 'cause they ridin' me crazy 
 (Ridin' me crazy).. 
 I can take it I'm racin, I'm pacin', I stand and then shit And I'm thankful for 
 Ev-ery man that I get 
 But I can't take a tug, in the bathroom without someone trying to suck it No I 
 Won't bone ur ass You can cum up my asshole, I'm glad 
 Chrous