(Eminem) 
 Ay, yo 
 This next song, is a true story 
 (Come here, bitch!) 
 Cause some things in this universe, don't make sense 
 But somehow always seem to fuckin' work 
 VERSE ONE - Eminem 
 Driving down I-75, about to hop on 696 
 I look over, this fucking chick's tryina' fix her makeup, I'm like bitch? 
 You ain't a plastic surgeon, I advise ya to put up your visor 
 I'm getting kinda ticked, you're blocking my side mirror 
 She's like yeah? so? I'm like so? 
 You gon' need a stitch you keep actin' like that, ho 
 I look like your husband slut? That's a rhetorical question 
 You talk to me like you talk to him, I'll fuck you up 
 In fact, get in the backseat, like the rest of my dates 
 No bitch rides shotgun, what? Taxi? 
 Stop and pick you some Maxi Pads up? 
 Is that what you actually ask me? 
 (Smack) 
 Bitch reaches over and smacks me 
 And says I annoy the fuck outta her 
 Get in the fucking back, put on your slut powder 
 You slut, what? Shut the fuck up now, or get your feelings hurt 
 Worse than my last chick, when I accidentally butt dialed her 
 And she heard me spreading AIDS rumors about her 
 Turn the radio up louder, make it thump 
 While I bump that Relapse CD, tryina' hit every bump 
 And that cunt thought I snapped back into accents 
 'Cause she kept asking me to stop callin' her CUNT 
 I said I cunt 
 HOOK - Eminem 
 She said, Marshall you ain't really like that, oh oh oh 
 Your putting on a show, where's your mic at? 
 'Cause you're breaking my heart, you're breaking my heart 
 X2 
 VERSE TWO - Royce 
 Uh, pull up to the club in a Porsche, not a Pinto 
 While Marshall's at a white trash party, I'm at drama central 
 I walk up in there looking at my phone on twitter tweetin' 
 I'm feelin' a bunch of bitches lookin' at a nigga, cheesin' 
 I get approached by this little skeeser 
 She asked me if I'm the real G, 'cause I'm Gucci from head to feet 
 I said, yeah, I'm really is, 'cause I spit in your man's face 
 Like Cam did that kid on Killa Season 
 She said I'm feeling a bit of ego 
 Wait, am I talking wrong? 
 I said nah, I'm a walking Kanye/Beyonce song. 
 She said I'm mad at you, I said why? 
 She said why you never make songs for chicks as if it's hard to do? 
 I said I make songs for me, leave the studio 
 And go and fuck the bitch who belongs to makin' songs for you 
 She said I'm feelin' your whole swagger and flow, can we hook up? 
 I said, eh, you just used the word swagger so NO 
 VERSE THREE - Eminem 
 We been ridin' around in this hatchback till I'm fucking hunchback 
 Where the fuck's this party at slutbag cunt? Cut what act? 
 Think it's an act? Fuck that, I'm tryina' ...?...finest love shack 
 Or somewhere to fuck at, eh? Don't touch that 
 You fat dyke, I'm tryina hear some Bagpipes from Baghdad 
 Don't act like you don't like em', them accents 
 I rap tight, and I'mma torture till we find this place, yeah that's right 
 Thought it was just past this light, past Van Dyke 
 Better hit that map right, read them directions 
 Oh yeah you can't read, and you can't write 
 Told me that last night, she took my CD out the deck 
 Snapped in half like, Relapse sucked 
 I snapped, hit the gas like, blew through the light 
 Spun out, hit a patch of black ice 
 Forgot we had a trailer hitch to the back 
 We jackknifed, bitch flew out of the car 
 I laughed like, she deserved it 
 She didn't think I'd act like that in person 
 (Yo, Royce, Marshall just crashed right in front of the club!) 
 VERSE FOUR - Royce 
 Tell him I'll be there in a minute, I'm tryina break up this cat fight 
 Between my mistress and my damn wife 
 Then a chick wanted a hug, but she was fat 
 So I gave her that and told her to scat 
 I'm not mean, I'm cute 
 On my way to the front door, taking the scenic route 
 To avoid this chick with a lace front 
 Lookin' like Venus and Serena's hooves 
 I'm jus' sayin', those chicks got horse asses, they been attractive 
 Hope when they see me they don't slap me with they tennis rackets 
 My mind drifted back to this shit 
 I seen my wife push her down, step over her body, and smack the mistress 
 Police outside, I turn and pass the gat to Vishis 
 Then I step out and see my evil twin 
 He gives me an evil grin 
 He mugs the mistress, turns around and gives the misses hugs and kisses 
 Looks at me twisted, like Nickel "watch this shit!" 
 He smacks the dentures outta the mouth of the fat bitch he rode with 
 Looks back to mention, "Royce, it's good to be back to business"