Faded voice - Fuck yeah... 
 Eminem: Yeah! 
 LLoyd Banks: Oh shit, it's the Evil Genius 
 Eminem: Green Lantern 
 LLoyd Banks: Yeah... Hey yo Em, what do we call this shit right here? 
 Eminem: The Invasion 
 LLoyd Banks: You had part 1, we got part 2, now its part 3, the final chapter mother fucker 
 Eminem: armeggedon; lets go 
 I got a riddle, what's little and talks big 
 With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle 
 That'll do anything to throw dirt on my name 
 If it means walking the whole Mediterranean 
 Is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian, 
 No he's name's Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo 
 So sorry wow, but that was a long time ago 
 When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow's basement 
 I apologized fo' it before, so 
 Either accept it or you don't 
 And let's move on, if I ain't shown that I've grown 
 Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts, 
 You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other's butts 
 Or should I say asses? 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses? 
 LLoyd Banks: Hold up, hold up, hold up 
 New York City man, it's the kid LLoyd Banks 
 If you hearin' what I'm hearin right now, you know this ain't no regular shit homie, 
 This something special and we gota bring this shit back, Green comon! 
 I got a riddle, what's little and talks big 
 With midget arms and creamy white filling in the middle 
 That'll do anything to throw dirt on my name 
 If it means walking the whole Mediterranean 
 Is he an Albanian, Armenian, Iranian, Tazmanian, 
 No he's name's Raymond and oh, oh sorry yo 
 So sorry wow, but that was a long time ago 
 When I was just Joe Shmo, rapping in Joe Blow's basement 
 I apologized fo' it before, so 
 Either accept it or you don't 
 And let's move on, if I ain't shown that I've grown 
 Then get the bone, keep licking these nuts, 
 You industry mutts, keep walking around sniffing each other's butts 
 Or should I say asses? 
 What would be the more politically correct term to use for the masses? 
 The question I ask is... 
 How can I explain this? 
 How can I swing this, in English language? 
 If I switch to slang and turn mayn to mayn 
 Do I do it in vein, or simply to entertain? 
 Am I being real or am I being fake 
 Am I just a fraud or am I truly genuine 
 Or am I caught up in this hot water 
 Woady on my daughter I told you I love this culture 
 Don't let 'em insult ya, I'ma tell you one more 'gain 
 This is the environment I was brought up 'in 
 But every now and 'then, I use my 'pen 
 To get rid of some frustration, or should I say shon 
 This is just another one of my subliminal ways to racism 
 You're face is numb, you're stunned you look as cold 
 Like that of a man who's 70 some years old 
 And it only gets colder, which is why I understand 
 It can't be mad at a forty four fan 
 With a chip on his shoulder 
 Who only owns half of a magazine, and the only way to have it seen 
 Is to put me on the front of it again 
 Only think that makes him grin, is to see me frown 
 Papa can't stand me, papa needs to take his medication and sit the fuck down 
 In his new chair that goes round and round 
 That he bought from new money of his bank account 
 That I get him every issue when the thang comes out 
 Sit back and let his puffy clown hair come out 
 And let his black side arm wrestle his white side 
 Yell apartheid loud enough that he might slide 
 He might find someone dumb enough who might ride 
 But ain't nobody over here buying two white guys 
 Disguised as pro-black there's no slack for a Hartford college grad. 
 In a fitted hat and a hunch bag, standing by the clearance coat rack 
 And some RSO throwbacks, yeah 
 Shady in the place to be seen and I got what it takes to rock the mic RIGHT 
 Still knockin' a K to these punks, fuckin' cocksuckin' pussy lips hatin' mixed cunts!