Nah man 
 Not quite finished yet 
 Girl I think, 
 You just might'a tried to pull a muh'fucking fast one, I'm mad 
 You just hurt my goddamn feeling, and that was the last one I had 
 Does this look like an arcade? Tryna play games? 
 See this saw blade? See the silhouette of a stalker 
 In your walk-way? Better co-operate 
 Or get saute'd and rotisseried while you're hog-tied 
 M-C's get so quiet you can hear a muh'fucking dog whistle while I walk by 
 Colt Seavers on a mule, stuntin' on that ass like the fucking Fall Guy 
 I don't gas my Mercedes after midnight, I treat it like a Mogwai 
 Because in the movie Gremlins you can't feed them after midnight 
 Vrinn-vrinn! Motor's so big you can fit a midget in his engine 
 Bitch, give me them digits while you're cringin' 
 Not by the hair of my chinny chin chin 
 While I spin spin even ten cents on you, since when 
 Do you think it's gonna cost me a pretty penny, shit 
 If I think a penny's pretty just imagine how beautiful a quarter is to me 
 Eenie meenie miney mo, catch an Eskimo by his toe 
 While he's trying to roll a snowball but, 
 Don't make him lose his cool if he hollers better let him go y'all 
 Now here we go go go 
 Get up, baby get a move on 
 Like a U-Haul 
 You can rack your brain like pool balls 
 You will never think of this shit 
 Yeah, honey you called? 
 Well here I come, Havoc on the beat, I reek it 
 Evil I see, hear and speak it 
 Lady put your money on Shady 
 Fuck that other weak shit 
 Put your eggs in the same basket 
 You can count every muh'fucking chicken fore' it hatches 
 Cause, you can bet your ass that we gone get it crackin' 
 Like a Kraken and Titans when they're clashin' 
 Get your brains bashed in so bad 
 You gone have Kurt Kobain askin' 
 To autograph a bloodstained napkin 
 I'm fashionable and 'bout as rational 
 As a rash on a fag's asshole 
 Now let's take that line, run it up the flag pole with Elton 
 See if he's cool with it 
 Don't stand there and look stupid at me bitch 
 I ain't in the mood for this shit 
 Get my dick, Google it till it pops up 
 Y'all are so motherfucking full of shit that you're stopped up 
 Me I'm always shitting diarrhea of the mouth 
 Till your speakers crap out, "Ohp, What?" 
 Girl you got a hot butt like a lit cigarette "Chik-Chigarette" 
 But you won't get a hot fudge Sundae from me 
 So do not strut my way, slut! Because 
 Here we go go go 
 And now that I got your panties in a bunch 
 And your bowels in an uproar 
 I'm a show you why I Kang Xi 
 Stop asking me what the fuck for 
 Now look you little slut, cunt, whore know you want more, 
 Bitches tell I put the Mat back into Mathers 
 'Cause I'm a fucking problem, Run boy! 
 Every flow got it mástered 
 So every last word that you fucking fags heard 
 Comes straight from the fishes ass, Yeah 
 In other words I'm a Bass turd! 
 Looking at me like I killed Kenny 
 Gassing the tank near steal plenty 
 No morals are instilled in me 
 So remorse I really don't feel any 
 Eat your heart out, Hannibal 
 Understandable why you're jealous, fucking animal 
 I got cannibal magnetism, can't resist him now, can ya hoe? 
 Shady, I don't understand your flow. 
 Understand my flow? 
 Bitch I flow like Troy Palumalu's hair, boy. 
 Don't you dare try to follow or compare, boy. 
 I'm raw, you ain't even medium rare 
 Stay the fuck outta my hair, boy! 
 You can look, you can stare and point 
 But you can't touch since you're queer boy. 
 I don't get it man, is there a void 
 All this weak shit, what am I steroids? 
 Well bitch I'm back with some shit for that ass 
 And your trunk, Elephant hemorrhoids 
 And remember boys 
 Here we go go go 
 Thank you for coming out 
 Hope you enjoyed the show 
 Till next time 
 Ha ha 
 Peace