* Contains a sample of "One Step Beyond" by Madness, Chas Smash being a member 
 Of the group 
 (Chas Smash) 
 Don't watch that (scratch) Watch this! 
 * Contains a sample of "One Step Beyond" by Madness, Chas Smash being a member 
 Of the group 
 (Chas Smash) 
 Don't watch that (scratch) Watch this! 
 (Eminem) 
 Whose arm is this? 
 I must have cut it off at the pharmacist 
 Who refused to ret roll my servitude scripts in the derby sets 
 (Sorry) (correction: who refused to renew my seventh prescription of Darvisetts) 
 I'm the old man who lives upstairs and starves his pets 
 That never leaves his house, 'cause he thinks his car's possessed. 
 I hate my life 
 That's why I degrade my wife 
 Grab the paper plate to make a sandwich in the state of night 
 (Correction: grabbed a paper plate to make a sandwich, and just ate the knife) 
 My mother screaming "Please hear me, that it straight to Christ!" 
 (Correction:my mother's screaming :"Please heal him take him straight to Christ) 
 Meets are in the streets and slap me just to break the ice (What up my man?) 
 (Correction: meet you in ht estreet an slap you just to break the ice: what up? 
 I'm eminem) 
 Made a bomb threat with a fake device 
 Strip you naked twice 
 Pistol whip you and force you to take advice 
 And if you catch me bobbing my head to some bullshit you were spitting 
 I was probably just trying to shake the lice (UUURRRGGGHHH) 
 Bums falling out of my head 
 (Correction: bums falling outta my head) 
 I'm wishing I was dead 
 While I'm falling out of my bed 
 Pissing violet red. 
 And my raps are returning 
 I feel the sensation of burning. 
 The purple use of the germ with the painful release of my yermin (correction: 
 Painful release of my urine) 
 I'm screaming in my saddle "PLEASE QUIT FOLLOWING ME!" 
 (Correction: i;m screaming at my shadow: "please quit following me!") 
 These pills keeps screaming, "Please quit swallowing meeee!" 
 The devil keeps screaming, "Please keep telling on me!" 
 (Correction: the devil keeps whispering:"please get down on one knee") 
 I took the drugs before the cops or they found them on me 
 (Correction: I took the drugs before the cops ever found them on me) 
 (Prolonged moaning scream) 
 (Chas Smash) 
 (Scratch) Wat...(scratch) Watch this! (scratch) Watch this!