(Polow Da Don) 
 Shiit we tryina get it for real... 
 (Verse 1 - Rich Boy) 
 Aye... Oh... Rich Boy... You niggas better get focused! Get money mothafucka! Get money mothafucka! 
 Let me take you through my hood where I was born 'n' raised 
 Where niggas tote a semi automatic, bustin' them K's 
 Heavy guns and dope for us, harassed by the police 
 Still gettin' pulled over and asked by the police 
 'Bama wasn't made for a nigga to win 
 See the color of your skin get you put in the pen 
 It's real life over dice, Dwayne dead and gone 
 Sendin niggas to the pen or the funeral home 
 I been feelin' like the Lord will never answer me back 
 So I'm holdin' on my gat, just in case they attack 
 Bullet holes in ya house make it hard to sleep 
 See the fiends on the street want the hard for cheap 
 Lotta niggas doin' life from undercovers and fake friends 
 It's real how the penetentiary bars will break men. 
 Lotta niggas doin' life from undercovers and fake friends 
 It's real how the penetentiary bars will break men... 
 (Chorus - John Legend) 
 It's where ya live, it's where ya play 
 It's where ya learn, ya favorite slang 
 Your world is, ghetto 
 It's where I live, it's where I'm from 
 It's where ya had, to tote your gun 
 Your world is (YOUNG MONEY!), ghetto (NEW ORLEANS!) 
 (Verse 2 - Lil' Wayne) 
 I could never win an oscar, 'cause I ain't know how to act 
 I sold my first million dollars, and I ain't know how to act 
 Then the 2nd million came, then more came after that 
 Then more came after that, hurricane after that, damn... 
 And y'all saw the aftermath 
 And in my hood we don't front so I DO give back. 
 When you see a hood nigga you gotta tilt your hat 
 And since I'm a hood nigga, I do just that. 
 O.G.'s used to tell me, 
 You just rap! 
 Lil' nigga all you need to do is rap! 
 And just when I thought I was gon' do just that 
 Papa was a rollin' stone, and them stones was crack. 
 Fuck bein like Mike, I wanna be like Pop. 
 Then I picked up a mic, I wanna be like Pac. 
 Please put down the pipe, you don't need that rock 
 Please put up a fight for the kids that watch 
 Us in the spotlight, and then they mock 
 But caskets get closed, and they drop 
 And cases get closed, and they are dropped 
 'Cause no one knows, and nobody got in it 
 'Cause they better not 
 3 words to a witness, they get shot 
 Let me tell you what this is, this is the block 
 Always talk to God, NEVER listen to cops... 
 (Chorus - John Legend) 
 It's where ya live, it's where ya play 
 It's where ya learn, ya favorite slang 
 Your world is, ghetto 
 It's where I live, it's where I'm from 
 It's where ya had, to tote your gun 
 Your world is, ghetto 
 (Verse 3 - Nas) 
 It's cool to love to win, but its better to hate to lose 
 There's only one Nas, bout 100,000 you's. 
 You lose money chasin women, never lose women chasin money. 
 Niggas is broke, plus the wolves is hungry. 
 Morgues full of dead niggas, who was takin' money 
 Morgues full of niggas, where the last shit they ate in they stomach 
 Spinach and steak, 
 Cortex boot prints still on his face 
 Still on his face from his, when we vist his wake 
 Whatevers un-done, I do it. 
 Fight against a whole army, one gun I'll use it 
 Some son 2 shit, creepin' on ya like walking pneumonia 
 Ya far from opponents, we can spar for the moment 
 I stay in deceitful conversations, 
 Wit creeps wit foul natures, 
 Attempted murder trials, the basics 
 Threatenin the witnesses and relatives of dead victims, it's the shiit we live. 
 Uh, 
 Queensbridge thug matrimony, clap a phony 
 Bullets even hit a cracka in his Abercrombie 
 Psychoanalyst was askin me, what happened to me? 
 See the yak got to me, then the gat got to me 
 Then the homies on the block wit the stacks of money 
 Then these beautiful bitches was bendin backwards for me. 
 The Lames put the game in the casket slowly... 
 I don't give a fuck this is rap to me...