Ay tell the waitress imma need a hundred fuckin' bottles. 
 Tonight we standin on the couch, we here standin on the couch, we here standin on the couch whole click with us bottles in the air fuck your cash niggas. Standing on the couch pouring liquer on the floor and when we outta champagne I'll get some more. Where that patron platinum? lets take a shot she loves me, she loves me not. 
 All I see is women in v.i.p ain't big enough, how much just to tell drop it and watch me pick it up. She wants me I see it in her eyes, 'cause we getting money and you just getting by. All I see is zeros my bank card had enough, why you look so jealous? I'm feeling like you mad at us. She blowin' kisses so I blew 'em back, the club love us 'cause we blowin' stacks. 
 Standing on the couch pouring liquer on the floor and when we outta champagne I'll get some more. Where that patron platinum? lets take a shot she loves me, she loves me not. (x2) Tonight we standin on the couch, we here standin on the couch. 
 Now we playing hide and go get it in the mansion, the scenes really rowdy ten exotic dancers throwin' drug, throwin' drug, throwing drug, throwing drug money. Baby put your hands up, five foreign bitches they can't even understand us. I'm drunk talkin' shit, tryna pull my pants up. Just roll another blunt I'm holdin' it for ransom. She crawled across my bed and lookin' like a panther she asked me if I love her, and I ain't even answer. Bitch you crazy! 
 Girl I ain't home at nine, nigga we gon party all night. Order some more liquer. The sun is comin' up but its still gonna die so take another shot order another round. Crew full of bosses we run the whole city, I'm tryna smack some ass take a look at those titties. I ain't worried bout shit and beefin in the back 'cause I'm fly and I'm strong like a navy airplane. Bitch I'm crazy! 
 Standing on the couch pouring liquer on the floor and when we outta champagne I'll get some more. Where that patron platinum? lets take a shot she loves me, she loves me not. (x2) Tonight we standin on the couch, we here standin on the couch. 
 We here standin on the couch whole click with us bottles in the air fuck your cash niggas.Standing on the couch pouring liquer on the floor and when we outta champagne I'll get some more. Where that patron platinum? lets take a shot she loves me, she loves me not. (x2)