Let's get a bit acquainted, Hey, it's t-o-n-e-d-e-double-the-eff, with the famous flow 
 Known to be flipping syllables even when the pace is slow 
 Gracious, No! Save your soul, guess who is coming to take this throne 
 Break this whole motherfuckin' game down, and reclaim crowns 
 'Cause I'm sick of layin' down - watching these companies reign now 
 When it's obvious something is playin' out, on the stage while you're unconscious they shoving to gain ground 
 And sedate crowds with the same sound they've been layin up into your brain loud 
 Enough to take any rational thought - and leave your brain clouded to rap as just pop 
 Isn't it insane how - niggas be keeping their face frowned/ perpetrating their need to erase clowns... they remain proud, till the minute you see them in lace gowns 
 All the sudden, they flee to escape town, they're ashamed 'cause they got busted 
 Just because of that, and not really because they regret what they've done, is disgusting 
 This discussion's meant to function as a general centerpiece sent at these enemies bent on resenting me, better be set if we enter the end of peace 
 Settling isn't an option no more 
 We gon' box in this war... you'll be hearing them bells before we knock on your door 
 Now that you been initiated up into this movement, Get at your favorite idiot who's spits 
 Hit him a little bit with your 2 fists, Kick in his grill until he is toothless 
 Give him a min to get up and cue this, Single out eve-ry limb that's wounded 
 Whip him again with a heavy pool stick, dig on his bitch, and then beg he do shit 
 Ruthless roots of abuse set loose for execution 
 Of any groups that get us confused with petty fools who'll let you crew win 
 Check the movements, fluent as I ever was, I said it! Because- 
 You would never think that a nigga that never drink would ever step it up to get a better buzz 
 On the regular - the odds you've leapt ahead of us, are prolly less, than Oedipus hating his mother 
 Or Disney hiring sexual predators 
 Senators getting elected a 3rd consecutive term, A nurse who doesn't do enemas 
 Permanent henna, a surfer that catches more waves then your current antennae does 
 Sure... I make it look effortless, with every sentence that tends to be cleverly 
 Penned... More wreckless then Session ingesting hennesey, blends 
 More treacherous than even being the Kennedy - Men 
 And for any requesting the identity of the technically Best MC? Guess, but... Yep - it's Me. 
 Step to see, the a new strain of the plague, raised to abuse breaks 
 Unphased of what you say, 'cause I dead lines, all without a due date 
 I'm the new age. New school. New page. New rules. 
 Any attempt to try to pull away is just a doomed fate for a few fools 
 QN5, represent the true scene, so we're guaranteed one of two things 
 Either we're showered with praise or we're simply hated by every review team 
 What I've stated was meant to reduce kings into paupers, and to seduce queens to get topless 
 And to revolutionize everything you think hip-hop is. 
 Buckle Up! Brace Yourself! Knuckle Up! Take No L's 
 Dust to Dust! Say Farewell! (Your) Numbers Up! Save Yourself! 
 Buckle Up! Tight! We're gonna tussle! We're gonna Fight! 
 Until you never touch another mic! Or it's your life... Then - Case Closed! 
 (Repeat - X2) 
 Buckle Up! Brace Yourself! Knuckle Up! Take No L's 
 Dust to Dust! Say Farewell! Don't fuck with us! Save Yourself! 
 Buckle Up! Tight! We're gonna tussle! We gonna Fight! 
 Until you never touch another mic! Or it's your life... Then - Case Closed. 
 sung: 
 This is the way, we ever gonna see that it stops 
 And if not, you might as well give up on hip-hop 
 Cause this is the case, in this day and age 
 We gotta kick in your face if you're just in for fame