<Everybody, Count it down with me now, here we go again with some of the dirtiest words 
 You've heard, but couldn't discern, cause most of the shit that I spit is a blur 
 Certainly. But, Observing me once, isn't really serving me any justice 
 So, bust this extraordinary functional display of the tongue-twist 
 Some of these punk bitch kids that's thinkin' they're rockin' and rolling hard 
 Are really the fakest imposters. They've never strolled the yard 
 They're bragging that they got a stolen car 
 They get in the way, then I'm running 'em over dog, oh, It's on 
 They're getting their faces torn off - with pure resolve - Sayin', I'm sure is all, kid 
 You wanna get burned? Talk shit. Steppin to Tonedeff's like trying to run without learning to crawl, bitch! 
 Y'all is thoughtless. 'Cause if you're determined to fall, I recommend that you stall a bit 
 Cause, sonny, I've mastered all of it: 
 From the hottest bars to spit, to the introduction shouts that's up at the this start of this 
 Listen, if anyone doubts the kid, they gotta to be flogged and whipped just like a fuckin' Sodomist 
 Non-Stop till the apocalypse hits, regardless, son, if you give it up or call it quits 
 Your coffin ditch is dug, by Mr. SOS and Tonedeff-inite the great 
 Wait! Hearing the words come outta my mouth is makin' ya shit on yourself just like a weapon in your face 
 Step into my space, buddy ya better be asking me to flow or get performances 
 Sonny, I'm earning my stars with about a half-a galaxy to go till it's over with 
 (Holy shit!) Yes, you love it, don't ya, baby! Open Wide! Scoop it all! Swallow to the balls 
 And I'm followed through the malls, because the gift of my flow is fuckin' polished to a fault 
 Astonishing awestruck crowds, leaving a city with hardly a jaw shut - How? 
 Well, I'm abolishing the laws of sound, nobody figured would ever fall till just now 
 Touchdown, better go chalk up another landslide to the QN5 side 
 Nobody's sick as the kid. You can bet your man's life, 'cause it's lose or die time 
 Prove it nine times outta ten - you can see me then over 182 bpms 
 Doin' the 16th notes, or even the 24-syllable speedy flow, and I'll concede, yo. 
 But till that day arrives, son, I'ma stay alive, 
 Because the way I grind's really a state of mind 
 And even in base design - I never strain to rhyme 
 If anyone take my lines, kid, it's a waste of time 
 Because at Point Blank 
 No one can't spit 'em with this critical flair and shear sickness 
 It's Tonedeff - BEST FLOW IN THE GAME. If the world's listening, bare witness. Yes>