One day you'll look back at your life and wonder, like "what the fuck was I thinking" 
 Puffing and drinking at seven - public delinquent 
 Setting yourself up for nothing, just loving life, cussing and beefing 
 Without knowing what to believe in 
 Or even care for that matter, 'cause you're too young to be hunting for reason 
 When school days are your function of meeting 
 And looking back on the days when the term 'back in the days' wasn't existent 
 You wonder if who you were is who you are this instant 
 'Cause when you're 10 you're not far from an infant 
 Or when prom could be listed down as your longest commitment 
 Shit, time has a wicked sense of humor that's harshly sadistic 
 It puts what you did wrong, in the distance by foggin your senses 
 I harbor resentment for bandwagons, and tailgators, 
 Braggart cats who ain't graduate with a penchant for brand-fashion 
 Little miss know it all bitches, and Bully-Ass bastards with bad manners 
 So, if you can't stand it, let's demand action 
 You see - hindsight is 20/20 as motherfucker 
 Some people never learn from others, 'cause they love to suffer 
 I'm being real with y'all, I seldom bunch my tongue up 
 Yet, to this day, I never had the balls to say 'fuck' in front my mother 
 I've come to realize the world changes with every summer 
 Sundown to sun up, the seasons run out asunder 
 I've seen the power of drugs, of greed and the violence of guns 
 And the people somehow get numb, as evil devours the young, 
 With a feeble amount of love instilled in em, 
 Meanwhile even teachers don't wanna build with 'em 
 But I realized that I can still hit em, and see inside where the chill bit em 
 With heat provided by a lil rhythm 
 I seek to guide whoever's grippin for wisdom, I'll do what I can 
 'Cause I wished I received a bit a this, but I was doomed to withstand 
 The unscrupulous manner In which I learned, with ruthless abandon 
 Now, due to demand... children behold the truth is at hand 
 See, them cats you hanging with now, is who you are 
 And they'll become their parents, so look at them and decide if that's who you wanna be 
 Honestly, think about their qualities, 
 You're probably exhibiting parts of these people's behaviors chronically 
 Call me a saint to warn ya - see that bitch that thinks she's the shit 
 At 15 with the heaving tits, the type kids would just fiend to get 
 Will end up pregnant before she hits community college, broke and soon to be jobless 
 Abused by the dude she gets high with 
 See, little girls believe every love is true and it's timeless 
 Till they get fucked by 'Mr. Cool' and guess who ends up crying 
 But guys ain't no stranger to the forces of nature 
 We're only out for pussy, that's why we split with no good reason to break up 
 Now, Mr. Popularity... is just that. 
 In 10 years, he'll be Mr. Popularity with a bad job and a mustasche 
 So, fuck that socialite bullshit that they force upon you 
 Believe me, this is the exact course I've gone through. 
 Fly your own way - Do your own thing 
 Fuck what they say - Follow your own swing 
 Use your mind now - Don't get swept up 
 Use your time well - Don't get kept up 
 Live your own life - Get your taste right 
 Find your own vibe - Fuck what they like 
 Don't get caught up - Live in your own skin 
 See, most motherfuckers are sheep, it was true then and it still is 
 Take away the uniforms, y'all will dress the same way to fit in 
 Nowadays I see ya... doing whatever you see on TV 
 Media Brainwashed, buying a new trend every 3 weeks 
 And you're knee deep in cheap weed, liquor... there's even STD's in pre-teens 
 It's different now... So, fuck whatever we think 
 Right? Well, ya might be. Things have only changed ever so slightly 
 Like... Same Jordans minus the swoosh from Nike 
 I see it's worse than ever. There's no respect and no thirst to endeavour 
 Just kids that want to be first in the center 
 With no work ethic - to earn their own personal shelter, 
 Bursting with pent up aggression, these are the things you observe as an elder 
 'Cause when you grow it hurts to stay inside your shell 
 I'll prolly rewrite this song in 20 years, and dedicate it to myself 
 I guess the jist of it is, that when you're big, you'll just miss how you lived 
 And when you're a kid, you'll just wish you were big 
 So For now. 
 Why Don't You Fly On By 
 If Your Flock Dives You'll Die 
 You can get up under the wind and glide away 
 The Sky is big enough for everybody. 
 You don't have to live life the normal way 
 Just Glide Your Own Way.