The premises get vacated... The millisecond I kill the seven niggas that play jaded 
 Within a record I chill the tepid temperatures they've created 
 With their pitiful minimal efforts to make statements 
 I spit on 'em got 'em schillin out money to cover their late payments 
 'Cause they're way dated, these dumb motherfuckers have never paid dues, and believing that they've MADE it 
 For as long as I'm repping intelligent lyrics I figure I'll stay hated 
 But my mindframe is to Remain Patient 
 With niggas posing about as hard as a stripper's nipples on stage naked 
 Yo, I can't take it, I'm keeping 'em plummeting toward the bottom like stocks that's daytraded 
 Net-fiasco's, Get these asshole's Fates Tainted 
 Flaming and relocating just like Gay Vagrants 
 Tone slays the giants, like my legal name's David 
 What I say's Blatant, no apologies necessary to glaze the game blazing 
 Touch overdubs or change the phrasing 
 Lyrically maintaining/ jugular vein's straining 
 Tonedeff adds to the pressure with bass so deep it makes your brains cave in. 
 I'll break it down for the laymen, for the niggas that ain't acing the basic training 
 My rations got their trays swaying 
 Galleries use my verses for Page framing 
 Cause, hey I stay flagrant with lyrics nastier than Tammy Faye bathing 
 Keep comp shook like charter plane when it's raining 
 I stay phat on the underground like there was a buffet in the main bassment 
 Sometimes I be slaying for entertainment 
 Cause, yo, I'm outclassing motherfuckers, without ever having to weigh in. 
 No one's as gifted or as vigorously meticulous with a writtern scripture 
 Or spits with this infinite syllablism that I've been equipped with 
 Should I quit with the quick shit or pitch shift a negative 50% in an effort to get rich 
 Or stick with the swiftness for the niggas that get this 
 Even when I'm simplistic, I can be unbelievably cryptic 
 The rhythm endures the physical force to split a tree with a discuss 
 With the ease of a flicked wrist, your soul can be seized from a distance 
 In an instant - by this Plague affiliate that's seething with sickness 
 I seem to get listless with these kids when I see what they dismiss 
 Cause anything missing a punchline'll get eased outta business 
 Like delivery's not important! Rhythm and rhyme schemes are ignored it's horrid 
 Son, if you can't flow - then become a comedian a ghost writer or poet 
 If you ain't repping the artform then don't record it 
 Heads are starving and fiending for an assortment of global proportions 
 If you ain't feeding the scores of supporters, then you're hoarding 
 And you're a whore that's killing your heritage like Lizzie Borden 
 The dexterity I display scrambles your cells like you was a dizzy warden 
 Committed to scoring more than a jiggy mormon 
 With a diamond studded bible that bling-blings in the sunlight 
 When I rhyme at full throttle, I'm titled "Supreme Being" when I come tight 
 And these things are finally done right 
 Like obscene scenes riding your slut wife 
 Our extreme flings stifle your love life 
 Stun like blunt strikes from a swung pipe someone was hiding from sight 
 And exceed speeds of fire in gunfights. 
 And you can bank on it! The playing odds'll stay solid 
 If you remain brolic with name calling, leave with a ganked wallet 
 I take solace in making profits like fake scholars 
 That want you to waste dollars for paid knowledge in state college 
 With great prowess, I face off with and shank cowards 
 And waste all their debased followers, Break laws with a brave heart like the late Wallace 
 I chase robbers, escaped convicts who rape songs and create garbage 
 Embrace carnage, they ain't artists! Sample their flavor and you'll taste vomit! 
 [Gasp] I need a reminder to intake oxygen 
 Space-Polymer Based oxidants... Say hot shit, display confidence 
 Hey audience! [BREATHE!] Just wave arms till it's plain obvious 
 Play God, and persuade crowds to behave honest and pay homage 
 And pray thoughtlessly awful authors are marked for death like stained coffins 
 I keep clean 'cause I bathe often and never illegally trade documents 
 Hate-mongers, repent! Let me set it straight! 
 I'm the heavyweight, like long lines in front of a Jenny Craig or Weight Watchers! 
 Potna. 
 The Heavyweight flow! 
 It's tonedeffinite - Everything goes 
 Can you Play? NO! 
 With Your Petty Stage Show 
 It's Tonedeffinite 
 Ready, Wait - GO! 
 The Heavyweight Pro with the heavyweight flow!