Slack fucks, back it up, Act rough, smash cups 
 Crack thumbs Catch a lump, The mad rush anthem 
 Jab Guts, Slap Cuffs on hands of strapped thugs 
 Flap Gums, Tap their Mug, Catch slugs? Bad luck 
 Clap guns? I've had enough, Stack ones? Pass the buck 
 Amped, Son? Examine the last punk who's trap's shut 
 Wack chumps, & fags duck, in the back of a packed club 
 We stand front, snatch em, and vanish once the cab comes 
 Fast Love? Shag sluts, ass hump, stab muffs 
 Women grab studs, show 'em upper class Tantra 
 Now Dance dumb, have fun, I'll rap till I collapse lungs 
 Chickens flash jugs if you wanna have your man sprung 
 Dash, crush in the fashion of Mack trucks, that's crunk, 
 Leave your hat spun, bash drums, after the band's done 
 You're trapped, stuck, throw a mass tantrum! You can't front 
 We bout to light it up, tell 'em where you snagged the match from. 
 Monsterous, stompin shit, without the risk of consequence 
 Watch it kid, outta respect, learn how to use your common sense 
 Rockin' it, shock your system out with this atomic kick 
 Ominous, sound that picks you up to put you down again 
 Dominant, confident, troopin, on without a hitch 
 The QN slaughterhouse 5 like Kurt Vonnegut 
 Ironic, is it not a bit? You cocky pricks, wanna bitch? 
 You must've lost your noodles like you dropped a pasta dish 
 Preposterous! Shout at kids, blockin 'em with a hockey stick 
 Your fosse click, gets sent back to the dot com, with lots of hits 
 It's obvious, geologists with documents, have proven that we're toppling 
 The continents by the amount we're hopping and 
 We're proud of it! I'll Allow the crowd to vent 
 Hip-Hop to politics! No matter what the topic is, we're squashing it! 
 The clock is set! Tick-tick-tock It's about to get 
 Brolic, yet, we always got ya gawkin in astonishment! 
 Break: 
 Tear this bitch down right now. 
 I got the lethal lingo - with a street flow, to keep more 
 People eagerly breathing, fiending for the repeat dose 
 But there be no sequel, or cheap clone of the team known 
 As Deac, Know, Elite, Tone and beats grown by Domingo 
 From the East Coast to Reno, We swing bows and Meet hoes 
 With freak jones, and leaves holes so they're wide enough for free throws 
 Now, Reach throats, squeeze hold, but freeze though, police hope 
 You do something illegal - like deal coke - you seen blow? 
 Like Deep snow, we shut 'em down - Peaceful 
 Bring your pea coats, if you thinking to drink more, with the chug of a steamboat 
 Wanna beef, yo? You bleed, so, don't leave home with clean clothes 
 We "Plink!" Bones, like fink Joe Pesci's role in Casino 
 My speech holds diesel! Heats coal, Please don't 
 Sleep, or your bound to wake up screaming with your sheets soaked 
 Fuck a c-note, this here's free show 
 Cause tonight, we're all millionaires, like the ATM machines broke! 
 Let's get set with this, freshness, 
 Restless Kids, Just step to this! 
 Yes, It's on! 
 This excuse to just wreck shit 
 Flex Chicks! 'Cause we ain't sexist! 
 Yes, It's on! 
 Press up next to this entrance 
 Hence, don't jet for those exits 
 Yes, It's on! 
 Vexed? Upset? With your section? 
 Then, don't stress! Release Tension! 
 Yes, It's on!