(Feat. Deacon the Villain, Know) 
 Traces of love, long ago... that didn't work out 
 (V1: tonedeff) 
 Love ain't for the faint of heart 
 Start Training, this game is hard 
 And arduous 
 You're gonna play in the dark like when it rains in the park 
 You're hardly conscious of the stains and scars 
 Enabling your partly clouded logic 
 To pay to impart bliss with arrangements of chocolates, now 
 You're working yourself out the same as when you strain with a nautilus 
 And you're willing to embrace pain facing sustained negative consequence 
 If nothing you say when in love is embedded with common sense 
 Then, do you really regret when you've shredded your promises? 
 Now, I've tested the waters, kid. Sipped it; rippled the pond a bit 
 Visits have been abolished, and this shit's killing my confidence 
 Is this filling your conscience when distance is an accomplishment? 
 If you miss chicks when they're around 
 The phrase "Let's quit" isn't an option 
 You best fix whatever's wrong and just move on and get on with it 
 Cause, You'll catch bigger fish in the sea if you manage not to drown in it 
 It's sad, but proud or not, most your standards go down a notch 
 When loneliness drinks at the bar you set too high 
 Cause, It isn't really my time, is it? 
 Shit... I just found the watch 
 But hearing the bell toll for me twice a day 
 Has me fearing my grandfather clock 
 And I can't die without trying, my hands tied in knots 
 Knowing that I'll never learn to brave the waves if I stand by the docks 
 Love is hampered by thought, if you can handle the prospect of 
 Death - it's as massive a shock 
 And to intellects, it's a fuckin' smack in the crotch 
 It's a cancer that rots your soul, tosses demons off of the road 
 Just use caution and know, that 
 Love ain't nothing but a loss of control 
 Off then, we go 
 (V2: Deacon the Villain) 
 Love'll have you nervous, doing stupid shit on purpose 
 Brain out of service, words slurred when you blurt shit... 
 Studderin', utterin' non-sensical shit in your verses. 
 Feeling like a shirtless, 4-breasted woman in a circus... 
 Furthurly trying to gap an unfillable void... 
 Because of parents never transferring that unbillical joy... 
 So girls create a false world of filling on boys. 
 Exploited, guys playing with her heart like her feelings are toys... 
 But when you have it... there's nothing like it, you get excited... 
 Seeking those who provide it, on phones talking to psychics... 
 Some fear it... spend their entire lives trying to fight it... 
 Living in a confusing Hayes, like they're grooving to Isaac... 
 It ain't the end of the rainbow with a treasure chest and a map... 
 It ain't easily learnable with definitions in tact... 
 It can ride your train of though and demolitions your tracks... 
 Hittin' and bullwhippin you, leavin' them slits in your back... 
 But I've been a lucky one... loving parents, loving friends... 
 But I still spend alot of my life loving sin... 
 But I ain't a genious on it, I can only pretend... 
 Cause over all it's an emotion I can not comprehend... it's love 
 (V3: Know) 
 Love ain't the basis for action 
 In a nation of addicts pacing and waiting for seconds of satisfaction 
 Where the word itself is only fashioned in fits of passion 
 Hand in hand with animalistic orgasmic reaction 
 And the past isn't felt as a match made in hell 
 But rather its held as a latter day meld 
 Of common mistakes and nice intentions 
 But when false love retention is simply vice invention 
 Its only right to mention the fights you get in 
 Nightly visions of these Tina and Ike revisions 
 So What's Love really Got To Do With It? 
 From prude women to stool pidgeons in soup kitchens 
 The truth isn't as eloquent so be intelligent 
 Getting caught out of your element just for the hell of it's irrelevant 
 And that word'll fit like a glove if you don't get right, now live your life 
 For the love or stop