Have you ever been betrayed? That shit's the worst hit of pain 
 When somebody you loved can't look you in your face 
 And have you ever had your heart torn out by somebody you thought was your friend 
 And now your trust is worn down or bought to an end 
 No pardons can mend it, when you're darkened within 
 Fuck cause and effect, it's a hard fate to take and your reasons don't soften the sin 
 Your dogs can bark for you, but you gotta watch when you argue 
 Cause dogs will bite and snarl at you, just to remind you they're harmful 
 I feel awful, I'm a mental case, shattered to pieces and I've got a palm full 
 Past law school and beyond console 
 'Cause you've crossed the bar with me, farther than I've ever thought possible 
 My choice is now mandatory and not optional 
 Don't ever speak another sentence to me, ever mention me 
 I don't exist, convince yourself you invented me 
 You've committed the crime of the century 
 And just cause loyalty ain't a trait you possess, Don't think that I'll lessen the penalty. 
 What's your name again? I know, I knew it 2 seconds ago 
 But, I don't recognize this 2nd face, though with the 1st it's identical 
 You were the type that I put on a pedestal. Your acts were commendable 
 But the bond of friendship isn't impenetrable 
 And inevitably the blunt force of ego proved lethal 
 To a good person forced to wallow in the shit of evil people 
 Fundamentally filled with avarice, a cheat from the soul 
 Spending their lives to make sure that you ain't achieving your goals 
 Unreasonable kings that want to see you jump through rings of fire 
 For their own amusement, holding nooses - hoping trees are higher 
 So abusive towards you that truce just doesn't seem required 
 Cause, why play the game? When you can make the other team retire 
 Strings are tirelessly pulled in your favor as you play the rumor creator, 
 Twisting words till they sound like statements you made up 
 With a big grin you soak it all in, as former friends 
 Go face to face with contradicting convictions 
 Plots are thickening, cause you pitched in. You feel important, now? 
 Must've been high as a kite from snorting clouds 
 Sorta proud of yourself, and the way that you hold ya ground 
 Distastefully wore the shroud, how's it feel to have puppets to order 'round 
 But I saw through you, even before I found 
 How you would say 'no, beef', give me dap, and hit me with a quarter-pound 
 Your loyalty's watered down, Bottled with a squirt cap 
 But When the drama popped off, where the fuck were you to plug the cork back? 
 Men are as harsh, as women are vindictive 
 Picking apart minutiae, On some bitch shit, kids all in your business 
 Forget honesty, nowadays you'll be lucky find that quality 
 In a drama oddessy where cats never react responsibly 
 And I'm jostling with haters, hypocrites and hypochondriacs 
 Abolishing their dated ignorance and fighting copycats 
 And If I don't give my patience a rest 
 I'll prolly take my anger to death, complaining about some pain in my chest 
 Aged and distressed, thinking 'bout who just fucked me over - 20 years ago 
 Amazing how pricks can miss your skin, yet pierce your soul 
 But where's the line at? Like where does loyalty appear to fold 
 And what do you OWE someone and just WHAT do you feel your owed 
 But yo, you know when you've been done wrong, that numb calm, 
 A breech in the moral code's eternally portable 
 The moral of the story's old even if it's poorly told 
 Beware of cats that straddle fences like the chain-link rodeo. 
 I love you in a place where there's no space in time (And that's forever right?) 
 I love you for my life - you are a friend of mine (Only second to family) 
 I love you in a place where there's no space in time (Who really got your back) 
 I love you for my life - you are a friend of mine (How loyal are your friends, y'all?)