(Feat. see-Rayz Walz, Diabolic, Loucipher, 
 Poison Pen, Pumpkinhead, Tonedeff) 
 (Intro: from the film "Scarface") 
 Host: I've heard whispers about the financial support 
 Your government receives from the drug industry. 
 Guest: Well, the irony of this, of course, is that 
 This money, which is in the billions, is coming from 
 Your country. You see, you are the major purchaser of 
 Our national product, which is of course cocaine. 
 Host: On one hand, you're saying the United States 
 Government is spending millions of dollars to 
 Eliminate the flow of drugs onto our streets. At the 
 Same time, we are doing business with the very same 
 Government that is flooding our streets with cocaine. 
 Guest: Mmm-hmm, si, si. Let me show you a few other 
 Characters that are involved in this tragic comedy. 
 (Beat starts) 
 *Two Men Speak in Spanish* 
 (Immortal Technique - Worker) 
 I'm on the border of Bolivia, working for pennies 
 Treated like a slave, the coke fields have to be ready 
 The spirit of my people is starving, broken and sweaty 
 Dreaming about revolution (REVOLUTION!) looking at my machete 
 But the workload is too heavy to rise up in arms 
 And if I ran away, I know they'd probably murder my moms 
 So I pray to "Heso Preisto" when I go to the mission 
 Process the cocaine, paced and play my position 
 (Pumpkinhead - Cocaine Field Boss) 
 Ok, listen while I'm out there, just give me my product 
 Before we chop off ya hands for worker's misconduct 
 I got the power to shoot a copper, and not get charged 
 And it would be sad to see your family in front of a firing squad 
 So to feed your kids, I need these bricks 
 40 tons in total, let me test it, indeed I (*sniff*) 
 Shit, this is good, pass me a tissue 
 And don't worry about them, I paid off the officials 
 (Diabolic - Peruvian Leader) 
 Yo, it don't come as a challenge, I'm the son of some of the foulest 
 Elected by my people... the only one on the ballot 
 Born and bred to consult with feds, I laugh at fate 
 And assassinate my predecessor to have his place 
 In a third-world fashion state, lock the nation 
 With 90% of the wealth in 10% of the population 
 The Central Intelligence Agency takes weight faithfully 
 The finest type of China white and cocaine you'll see 
 (Tonedeff - American Drug Distributor) 
 Honey I'm home, nevermind why our bank account's suddenly grown 
 It's funny, we're so out of this debt from this money we owe 
 Woulda ya... mind if I told you I had two governments overthrown 
 To keep our son enrolled in a private school, and to keep ya tummy swollen 
 C'mon, our fuckin' home was built on the foundation of bloody throats 
 The hungry stolen of they souls, of course this country's runnin' coke 
 I took a stunted oath to hush the one's who know 
 But CIA conducts the flow of these young hustlers who lust for dough 
 (Poison Pen - Drug Dealer) 
 I don't work in the hood (Hit my connect) 
 Plus what's really good, they supply for the hood 
 These dudes fucking crack me up, scrutinize like we inferior 
 Petrified when we meet in my area (calm down) 
 My dude's'll shoot until I say so, got the loot? 
 Give me the YAY YAY like Ice Cube, so don't play with my llello 
 We won't stop for you bastards 
 Must choose (?), chop it and bag it 
 (Loucipher - Undercover Police Officer) 
 Taking pictures and tapping phones 
 Debating snitches and cracking codes 
 Past a couple, blast the fo', 
 Want any hustler stacking dough with probably crack the blow 
 And my overtime is where your taxes go 
 I gain your trust 
 Get you to hand weight to us because we paid up front 
 On the low with cameras taping ya 
 Getting pop away? The prison sentence is going to 
 Make the officer leave with two ki's out the evidence room 
 (C-Rayz Walz - Prison Inmate) 
 Out the evidence room (*Said with Loucipher*) 
 Went my fame, truck, boat or plane, they watching you 
 You think you got work? They copping too 
 We control blocks, they lock countries 
 Ya own companies, we had nice cars and sneaker money 
 Now there's players out there, talking 'bout the holding 
 With bugs in they house like they down South with windows open 
 Your dough ain't long, you wrong, you take shorts and (?) 
 Feds will be up in your mouth... like forks and spoons 
 So enjoy the rush, live plush off Coke bread 
 Soon you'll be in a cell with me, like Jenny Lopez 
 In school, I was a bully, now life is fully a joke 
 I keep a flow on a boat for Peruvian Coke 
 Players do favors for governers and tax makers 
 Fat Quakers smoke crack and sex acts with bad mayors 
 The walls got ears, you big mouths probably scared 
 Not prepared to do years like Javier 
 (Immortal Technique Speaking) 
 The story just told is an example of the path that 
 Drugs take on their way to every neighborhood, in 
 Every state of this country. It's a lot deeper than 
 The niggas on your block. So when they point the 
 Finger at you, brother men, this is what you've got to tell them: 
 (Wesley Snipes - from "New Jack City") 
 I'm not guilty. YOU'RE the one that's guilty. The 
 Lawmakers, the politicians, the Columbian drug lords, 
 All you who lobby against making drugs legal. Just 
 Like you did with alcohol during the prohibition. 
 You're the one who's guilty. I mean, c'mon, let's kick 
 The ballistics here: Ain't no Uzi's made in Harlem. 
 Not one of us in here owns a poppy field. This thing 
 Is bigger than (Immortal Technique). This is big 
 Business. This is the American way.