Oh mercy, mercy me. 
 At this point of my career I should already be on my third CD 
 But every turn of the way has been met with adversity 
 But I'm cursed, it seems, and I been disserviced purposely 
 And it's herbs like these, that've got my blood boiling to the third degree 
 And I'm nervously avoiding this urge to just burst and scream 
 Feeling the thirst for revenge! I can no longer pretend 
 That mentally I won't be plummeting off the deep end 
 I'm desperately seeking these trendy motherfuckers, 
 Just so I can teach them never to speak on any of us 
 There's something you wanna say? 
 Get that other rapper's cock out your throat! No wonder he's been coming out your face 
 Son, never doubt The Plague, 'cause we infect against even the best 
 Medicines and vaccines, sedatives and bactrine 
 I'm fed up with the rap scene 
 As I'm Dealing with an amount of politics that would even give the president bad dreams 
 Every thing you see and hear was paid for 
 So, don't try to discredit me, cause my shit isn't played more 
 Just imagine having to wait, bored, at the stage door 
 Cause nothing aches worse than a name on the marquis when it ain't yours 
 And you're trying desperately to make noise, but all you get's hate, 
 From biased record pools that'll chart anything for their next crate 
 Or elitist DJs that only spin vinyl - 'go get pressed!' 
 But give 'em a Nas exclusive MP3 and they'll play the shit dead. 
 These vicious double-standards can be seen in many arenas of the game 
 From radio burn to video screens, the shit's the same 
 From Magazines to mix DJs - You give 'em the green, they give the OK 
 Cause niggas are greedy leading the race, they sell you a dream and spit in your face 
 And it isn't easy to look away, when you're focused on your Budden career 
 Pumped up with potential, but you can't fire nothing from here 
 Need anything done? Then you gotta do it yourself with no help 
 When you make on your own? Then everyone shows to share the whole wealth. 
 But, Oh well - Another day in a cold hell. 
 When everyone riding your coattails are the same cats that'll pray your record don't sell 
 I won't settle for NO REMARKS about 'room for improvement' 
 When you boo at QN5 and refuse to review the music 
 Bitch, you're fronting on the future, stop watching your back and face forward 
 Reviewers best to listen to this like they paid for it 
 Cause, what the fuck!? Do I need to get shot to get props? 
 Do you need talent? I guess not... but with drug money and a guest spot 
 You can spend lots on a track from the producer of the month 
 And that'll induce you with the buzz, that'll get you news-scoops and the pub 
 But Buddy, I'm flat broke. So on that note, I'll say goodbye to articles 
 Bookings for college shows, distribution pushing us hard for dough 
 Then you wondering why you're seeing the same niggas over and over 
 The more original the flow, then, the colder the shoulder 
 The same reason you can't stand that verse you heard's 
 The same reason you know it word for word. Dog, it's Politics. 
 My patience is drifting 
 'Cause I'm in no political position or famous enough to state my opinion 
 Of this game and it's minions, I'm staying silent and numb 
 Cause you can't put your foot in your mouth or swallow your words while you're biting your tongue 
 So with nice-guy reluctance, I'm fighting my grudges 
 And it's hard to be polite with others when you'd rather take a knife to fuckers 
 Here's my final shot at diplomacy - believe this 
 Swing for your third strike, I'm calling you out on the remix 
 I can't breath 
 And I can't see 
 And I can't move 
 'Cause I'm sick and tired of these politics 
 I can't sleep 
 And I can't think 
 And I can't live 
 'Cause I'm sick and tired of these politics.