(Dr. Dre playes sample of Police sireens all over the track) 
 (Intro: The D.O.C. talking) 
 It's Judgement Day 
 "You know what I'm sayin', if any one got sick" 
 "30 day 61 
 (Verse 1: Six Two) 
 Total choas, Outlast, mass confusion 
 Dead woods is cruising for bruisings 
 Labelled me sick, Six Two is livin' psychopathic fit 
 Some people think I'm loony and the range "uh ha" 
 Because I come in these murders at the point blank range (Gun Shot) 
 Bowdown, I'm aimin' at your face 
 Murder one did, and close casket case 
 Outlast war, now leave me alone 
 This hollow points'll give you piss on and fuck up your arm 
 Fool, I'll drops the bomb 
 Casualties packed up and stacks like you numb 
 My G lock don't see them on the stock 
 Four dead wood, left for dead in the donut shop 
 It's time to tear the roof off this mothafucker 
 And got no love for these suckers and bad busters... 
 (Chorus: The D.O.C.) 
 In Judgment Day 
 Don't you get caught slippin' without your AK 
 (Break: Six Two) 
 I touched down at the L.A. X 
 Okey, bitch don't ever mix, Two Face and Dr. Dre 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 Welcome to Califor-nia, my nigga 
 The home of palm trees and sticky green killers 
 (Verse 2: The D.O.C.) 
 I hit the city G-ed up "for real" 
 And let's get this understood, I'm good for two or three meals 
 Deeply thinkin' while I'm rollin', smokin' and drinkin' 
 The D.O.C. you know it ain't easy been me 
 That been through the whole nine and still tickin' 
 This is genocide on mine, let's be realistic 
 If he don't get what he supposed, this subject to go ballistic 
 Two Face'll leave the mothafucker twisted 
 Watch your mouth, y'all niggaz don't even know me but you owe me 
 Don't be like these foes, you'll catch a dawn kal homey 
 That's all I can say my nigga, case's closed 
 Now let's go and get this paper my nigga and chase hoes... 
 (Chorus: The D.O.C.) 
 In Judgment Day 
 Don't you get caught slippin' without your AK 
 Don't you get caught slippin' without your AK 
 (Verse 3: The D.O.C.) 
 I touched down from outta no where, ready to catch a case 
 The Gorilla goes bannas with a solid black bandana on his face 
 His tattoo says ain't one cheat 
 Two Face the bitch killer, all eyes on me 
 I do my dirt in the broad day, with the AK 
 Till the all deceased, me hear R.I.P's 
 See my mentality is totally fucked up 
 I'ma time bomb tickin' ready to self destruct 
 I do this till I'm satisfied, y'all ain't heard 
 I goes bows on bitches, they said cause the hood in a eard 
 Havin' suicidal thoughts in my room 
 Don't hestitate to put the .44 to your dome 
 Damn (Gun Shot)... 
 (Outro: The D.O.C. talking) 
 Don't you get caught slippin' without your AK 
 Senicerely your Mr. Two Face 
 Don't you get caught slippin' without your AK 
 Senicerely your Mr. Two Face