High energy flowin' with the wisdom 
 Sense of a rich man, knowledge and the rhythm 
 This is what I'm using to come up with a style 
 So I'll interact altogether better with the crowd 
 Nervous for a second then the record starts spinnin' 
 And I fall into the state of mind of what I'd just created 
 Pump it like the Dr. D into the R.E. suckers ready to leap 
 Up on the tip when we made it 
 Creative so I'll never be regarded as a regular 
 More than just a little bit better than my competitor 
 You should never underestimate the fashion 
 I hold for the stage whether I'm coolin' or thrashin' 
 Clockin' the concoction created by me 
 When read you read E equals the D.O. to the C. 
 Knowledge and the talent that my mother had born to her 
 Equals an artist that wont' be worn, what is that Dre? 
 It's the formula 
 It's like a message that only I could understand 
 But those who want to comprehend will again 
 Be in the midst of the brother unlike another in any way 
 'Cause Dre don't play, say what the other say 
 Originality is a must whenever I bust 
 A funky composition, it's crush and I trust that you 
 Know it when you hear a funky record with potential 
 Me gettin' hype 'cause Dre rockin' the instrumental 
 Nothing like what you've heard before and more, never less 
 See I don't Fess, I mean I'm like fresh if not the freshest 
 When I'm expressin' my thoughts on 
 Vinyl, you can't help but listen up and get caught on 
 Hooked because I cook when I pick up a pen 
 And begin, in the end it's dope, that's 'cause I want to win 
 Knowledge and the talent that my mother had born to her 
 Equals the DOC, what is it Dre? 
 Yo, man, that's the formula 
 Keepin' it dope as long as I can like imagine 
 Makin' each record that I do better than the last one 
 Take a little time, choose the topic and drop it 
 Release it, the science of makin' dope beats with 
 Rhythmic American poetry 
 Shipped it to stations, now many people know of me 
 I'm the D. into the O. and the O. into the C. and the C. into the period 
 Suckers are fearing' this 
 When heard, the dope style calculated by the great wait 
 And take just a second to get caught up in my record 
 New but not a kid to be worn 
 If something' gettin' torn up then I'm doin' the tearin', not bein' torn 
 Shapin up to be one for the top vocalist lyricist 
 And when you hear of this You shouldn't choke on this 
 Knowledge and the talent makes it valid 
 For me to get it patented, Dre, tellin' what I'm rappin' 
 The formula 
 In effect and I'm smooth, that's why I'm on the incline 
 Suckers frontin' for nothin' 'cause I'm goin' to get mine 
 It's in the cards and I thank I might have read this 
 So don't lie and try to front like someone said this 
 Most who know thoughts served by the DOC see 
 That it's a mission impossible, tryin' to rock me 
 For an arena who'd ask me to perform for her 
 G.O. and easily I flow and ya know usin' the formula