(Dr. Dre) 
 Check this out, we've come to the last and final record 
 This is Dr. Dre in full effect and we gonna kick it off a little some this like this 
 We got my mella yella boy on the drums, We got Stan "the Guitar Man" 
 Dropping the rhythm. We got LA Dre on the keyboard and I want the whole 
 Posse in this motherfucker to rock on this funky ass beat we're gonna drop 
 All right, So Ice Cube, you the early bird on this motherfucker, run it 
 (Ice Cube) 
 Picture a nigga that's raw 
 Amplify his ass and what you see is what's on 
 Motherfuckers I slaughter, blow 'em out the water 
 Word to me, fuck the father 
 My melody is deadly as a pin in a hand grenade 
 5 seconds before you get played 
 You can't throw me, I guess you'll blow up 
 Ever see a sucker scatter, it'll make ya throw up 
 Then I take advantage, you can't manage 
 To get up, all you can do is sit up, I get lit up 
 Hit up, Ice Cube tearing shit up 
 Like a dude you can bet on 
 Collide like a head on 
 Collision, stutter stepping is an incision 
 Of a nigga saying exactly what I vision 
 Because I'm gone, you think I left you all 
 But I stay in yo' ass like cholesterol 
 When I blast some solid ass Alcatraz 
 And if you escape, you better swim fast 
 'Cause I'll catch ya, physically and mentally 
 And the capital punishment's the penalty 
 Sitting in the electric chair, grab a hold 
 Pull the switch, yo' body twitch, your eye's explode 
 Out your skull 'cause being dull on a flow 
 Is an N-O, niggas didn't know that I can go 
 Off and show off to throw off the law 
 Turn, take 10 paces then draw 
 What's left is a motherfucker dead in the alley 
 Ice Cube is the shit on the grand finale 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 Yeah, yeah that was funky but we need the motherfucking villain to speak 
 So kick it 
 (MC Ren) 
 The grand finale, yo, it's my turn to bust 
 So let weak motherfuckers turn to dust 
 If you're weak it ain't my fault 
 Just take a kick in the ass and get turn into a pillar of salt 
 And niggas that's biting just to taste me 
 I make the punk motherfuckers buckle up for safety 
 And on the dope they caught from the flash 
 And swing like a bit when he's caught in a whiplash 
 Giving him pain 'cause I'm urgent 
 Rearrange the motherfucking face like a surgeon 
 It ain't no excuse for the torture delivering 
 Don't say that I scare you, I can tell 'cause your shivering 
 I say fuck the police, yo, so now they after me 
 I'm wanted by the law so I stay low 
 Representing the pimp, bitches making my dough 
 In a different stage, I must of went on a rampage 
 Me and the D.O.C. are always hitting the front page 
 For what, for stealing and stepping up to the sheriff 
 And when I enter the party, niggas shit in a (cell pimp) 
 For what, maybe 'cause I'm Ren 
 And when they clean up shit, yo, they do it again 
 So fuck it, sit back cool and relax 
 While Eazy busts the facts kicking the grande finale 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 Yeah, y'all know what time it is. Easy motherfucking E is in the house doing 
 Damage 
 (Eazy E) 
 The name is Eazy for me to come off like the inforcer' 
 Mass murder motherfuckers in a course of 
 An everyday situation where I would stalk by 
 Fuck the car, I do a motherfucking walk-by 
 Eazy-E and the D.O. to the C. and 
 Run house and there won't be no disagreeing 
 'Cause if there is some, you feeling staticy 
 Then I'm arrested (For what) assault and battery 
 Never outdone, only outdoing 
 Loving the bitches and the hoes boo hooing 
 Why 'cause they're addicted to my dick 
 The pleasure of pain, the wing-ding and flipped it 
 (Yeah) and never forget when done in bed by 
 Eazy, the name of a Compton hard head 
 Cool but local like loc never broke 
 'Cause they're paid to be Ruthless, this is why I do this 
 I don't give a fuck about fame 
 I rather deal wit a number than a motherfucking name (word) 
 Get me paid and then rap 
 'Cause all the other bullshit money ain't jack 
 Eazy but not that Eazy to deal wit 
 Especially if you're popping bullshit 
 Put the E-A-Z-Y and to the E 
 Expression of thought on the motherfucking grand finale 
 (Dr. Dre) 
 Yeah, that shit was funky, last but not least is the motherfucking D.O.C. 
 This is your album, so that means you definitely got to get funky, so run it 
 (The D.O.C.) 
 Swinging, singing a brand new rap 
 On a rhythm concocted by my homie in the back and 
 If it makes you giggle, it must be kinda funny 
 But to me it's kinda cool (Tell 'em why), I'm making money 
 Tripping up the man wit the (swig tan) movement 
 Proving if you're grooving then it cool when he be doing it 
 Taking a second for me to blow your mind 
 'Cause I'm the diggy diggy D.O.C. and I would've been down wit rock 
 But I was smart, the D.O. to the C. now on the formula 
 It's rough, I mean it's funky enough for me 
 And you can have a listen after that and this and 
 D-O-N-'T M-O-V-E wit out permission 
 From the D.O. to the C., I'm just better than 
 The normal man and I'll be dumb if a sucker can 
 Ever compete wit the elite 
 Much less beat, it's like dancing wit 2 left feet 
 Never smile when the D.O.C. is in the room 
 Or I'm a send ya ass to the temple of doom 
 I got raw when I came to Cali 
 Now wit NWA on the motherfucking grand finale 
 (Dre) 
 Shout outs