Once upon a time, Brooklyn was the scene 
 In the project that they called Fort Greene 
 There lived a young man, Cinderfella's his name 
 To make it interesting it's me, Dana Dane 
 I lived in a house with my cruel step-dad 
 And two step-brothers who treated me bad 
 I cooked, I cleaned, I scrubbed the floors 
 And I was like an errand boy runnin' to the stores 
 My brothers, they used to boast and brag: 
 'We've got fresh gear and you've got rags!' 
 Even worse than that, to make me feel low 
 They gave me a straw hat, while they had Kangols 
 Girls used to say, 'Dane, you're so cute 
 But you gets no rap with them polyester suits' 
 Well, one day, up the avenue 
 There was a man surrounded by the Fort Greene crew 
 He said, 'Hear ye! Hear ye! Come one, come all! 
 The princess is having a royal ball 
 If you can rap, also dress fresh 
 You might win a date with the sweet princess' 
 Well I, um, ran home when I heard the newsflash 
 I bust through the door, straight to my step-dad 
 I said 'Step-dad, may I?' 
 And before I could finish, 'Hell no!', he replied 
 My brothers were goin', they were geared down 
 Even Pops was goin' for a piece of the crown 
 They flaunted, they haunted, they knew what I wanted 
 'We can and you can't' is what they taunted 
 They all stood there laughing in my face 
 And as they walked out they said, 'Clean up this place!' 
 (Cinderfella Dana Dane!) 
 But I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 (Cinderfella Dana Dane!) 
 Yes, I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 Well I shrugged, I hissed, 'They're all tryna diss 
 I'd get them back if I had one wish' 
 Before I could make my thought a phrase 
 There appeared a man from a puff of haze 
 He said, 'What's up, Dane? My name is Hurb 
 I'm your fairy godfather, you know it, word! 
 Now I've came here with the main purpose 
 Of granting you your fondest wish' 
 I said, 'Hurb, my man, just make me fresh 
 And I'm sure that I can handle all the rest' 
 With a snap of his fingers sparks began to shoot 
 And I was tough and on my body: a slick silk suit 
 On my feet there was argyle socks 
 And a fresh pair of Ballys from the Bally shop 
 I showed him my hat and don't you know 
 With a snap the hat became a Kangol 
 Once again his hands began to flow 
 Then he changed my skateboard into a Volvo 
 He checked me over, passed me the keys 
 And said, 'One more thing before you leave... 
 You must return before the stroke of twelve 
 Or you'll turn back into your old self' 
 (Cinderfella Dana Dane!) 
 But I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 (Cinderfella Dana Dane!) 
 Yes, I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 I jumped in the Volvo, went on my way 
 I got to the party 'bout ten, I'd say 
 It was after eleven when I rocked the mic 
 And by the time I left the stage the people were hyped 
 The princess was staring in disbelief 
 Reflected from her eyes were my gold teeth 
 She waved her hands like 'Hello! Hi!' 
 Then gave another gesture like 'Come here, guy' 
 I left the stage, girls came in flocks 
 Fists were swingin' from the hard rocks 
 I heard a sound, not a tick nor tock 
 Gong! First bell before twelve o'clock 
 No time to waste, I broke out in haste 
 The princess followed in a futile chase 
 A quick steady pace is what I kept 
 Lost one of my Ballys on one of those steps 
 For the Volvo I continued my stride 
 About this time I heard gong five 
 I was down the block when I heard gong eight 
 And the princess scream out, 'Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!' 
 (Cinderfella Dana Dane!) 
 But I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 (Cinderfella Dana Dane!) 
 Yes, I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 I was almost home when my luck ran out 
 And there went my suit, my Kangol and clothes 
 My fresh Volvo also went too 
 And there was no denyin' that my night was through 
 The one Bally shoe the freshest thing I sported 
 Jumped on my board, for home I skateboarded 
 Made it to my pad, no time at all 
 Went to my room, or better yet the far wall 
 Hid the shoe away still feelin' pleased 
 Then jumped in my cot to catch some Z's 
 Early the next morning when I awoke 
 I threw on me old slippers and me old housecoat 
 Went into the front, my family stared at me 
 Sayin' 'Wasn't that you?! Nah, it couldn't be' 
 They kept askin' me as I did my chores 
 My butt was saved by a knock on the door 
 'Who is it?', that's what my brothers barked 
 'The princess', this sweet voice remarked 
 She said she was lookin' for a certain man 
 Who could bring her the shoe like the one in her hand 
 The family ran around with their heads in the air 
 Bringin' on shoes from everywhere 
 She just shook her head, a nod of relief 
 Sayin' 'No, that's not the one that I'm lookin' for, chief' 
 I ran in the room and got my shoe 
 And said, 'Is this the one you're referring to?' 
 Well she said, 'Yes, and you're so cute 
 But where's your Kangol and slick silk suit?' 
 I put on the shoe, there came a flash of light 
 And I was tough in the gear from just last night 
 Looked out the window, saw the Volvo 
 Said to my family, 'I've got to go' 
 We drove up the avenue, the princess and I 
 And in back of me I heard my family cry... 
 (Cinderfella Dana Dane!) 
 But I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 (Cinderfella Dana Dane!) 
 Yes, I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 (Cinderfella!) 
 Yes, I'm the rapper Dana Dane with fame 
 (Cinderfella!)