*30 seconds of Bush news snippets* 
 "I understand that time is running out" 
 "Ooh look, it's the president! Hey Mr. President!" 
 "Okay, there he go. Easy, easy, don't lose sight, wait 
 Two, three and... NOW!" 
 *Gunshots, screaming* 
 Check it out (P Dog) 
 Here I go, an angry brother finna make his move (P Dog) 
 But can I buck him in the city so I never lose? (P Dog) 
 See I'm a get him the crowd with a couple heavies (P Dog) 
 And lay the barrel to the ground, hold the gat steady (P Dog) 
 And now I'm ready for my adversary, talk is cheap (P Dog) 
 I'm looking for a way to make a plan and keep it neat (P Dog) 
 And check it out and make around and pick a rooftop (P Dog) 
 And get a spot where the view's hot, set up shop 
 Cause all I wanna see is motherfucking brains hanging 
 Another level when it's me and Devils gangbanging 
 So don't be telling me to get the non-violent spirit 
 'Cause when I'm violent is the only time the devils hear it (P Dog) 
 Rat-tat-tat goes the gat to his devil's face (P Dog) 
 I hope he think about how he done us when he lay to waste (P Dog) 
 And get the feeling of the peeling from the other side (P Dog) 
 From guns given to my people from my own kind (P Dog) 
 So get with Ollie 'cause I'm probably fin to make you mad (P Dog) 
 I'm steady waiting for the day I get to see his ass (P Dog) 
 And give him two from the barrel of a black guerrilla (P Dog) 
 And that's real from the motherfucking Bush Killa 
 *Laughing* "I understand that time is running out" 
 Now who is able to make war with the beast? 
 It starts with "P" 
 Trumpets sound when I push the program 
 And set my sight on a serpent man 
 Swinging the sword of the righteous 
 Make devils drop and they just can't spite this 
 Genocide and the minds of men make 
 Brothers like me fill up with hate 
 I smell a skunk in the air 
 Cause your program still ain't fair 
 So who you wanna blame for the Hate That Hate Made? 
 When P let off and pigs get sprayed 
 Y'all wanna kill off the black man? 
 But I know your master plan 
 So we'll see who stops the black guerrilla 
 P Dog the Bush Killa 
 It's P Dog the Bush Killa 
 Tolerance is getting thinner 
 Cause Iraq never called me "nigger" 
 So what I wanna go off and fight a war for? 
 You best believe I got your draft card 
 So bad to hate somebody else 
 But much worse to hate yourself 
 Victim to the mentacide of the double-wide 
 Most black folks be made to die 
 Keeping 'em on and on 
 Keeping ya on and on 
 Now my brother down south said "Fuck the Police" 
 I'm saying "No Justice, No Peace" 
 So why'd you stick 'em like that? 
 Cause everybody want to get the black 
 But we'll see who stop the black guerrilla 
 P Dog the Bush Killa 
 "He's been shot!" "The president is dead" 
 Yeah, it's P Dog the Bush Killa 
 "Nodbody move, just stay where you are" 
 So where's he at? I just might wait for 
 His motherfucking ass on a rooftop next tour 
 Bucking stone 'cause I'm known to play for keeps 
 Lay low to the flow and keep it neat 
 And send his ass home belly up 
 Should've listened to the facts that the black's been telling ya 
 It's no surprise that a brother's got wise 
 Now rat-tat-tat-tat, it's an eye for an eye 
 Now I'm in it, got to die before we see 
 That motherfuckers don't give a damn for you or me 
 So wear a vest on your chest and the rest stand still 
 For P Dog the Bush Killa