On the scene back again with the mothafuckin' grip 
 93 was the year P-Dog came rippin' shit 
 Bouncin' out the belly of the beast 
 And still the same nigga 
 That was hollerin': "Fuck peace!" 
 But check it out, it's the same old thing 
 Cause now the year's 94 
 And ain't a damn thing changed 
 Niggaz still droppin' dead like flies 
 And I'm still lookin' for a way 
 To make us raise 
 I impose that I still hate the devil 
 (That's right!) 
 And I'm a mothafucka 
 That'll take your ass to the next level 
 Straight guerrilla in the mist to the end 
 (Yeah, and put it in the mix again!) 
 Yeah, now better listen why... 
 Yeah! Right back at you once again in 94... 
 P-Dog, righterous... 
 Back up in you with another mothafuckin' bomb... 
 And we kickin' the real... 
 So anyway I'ma do it this time 
 So you wanna hear 
 Specially designed for your mind and soldier's ear 
 Cause niggaz nowadays just shoot 
 (Gunshot) 
 And fuckin' with the crew 
 Will get your ass peeled like fruit 
 And everybody wanna be a Gee 
 The same sick house nigga mentality 
 Please, fuckin' with them fake fairytales 
 Nigga, I don't trip 'cause I still kicks the realiest shit 
 So please back on up, I'm lettin' off 
 Representin' Allah and I'm raw 
 'Cause I'm god 
 So I hope you're listenin' 
 What I'm kickin': It's real 
 (Yeah, I keep'em comin' with the shit you fear) 
 Yeah, you better check it why? 
 Yeah, fear no evil, fear no man... 
 Shouts goin' out to all those fake-ass wanna-be... gees... 
 Just break it on down... 
 Paris, I'm hopin' goin' on the hill... the hill... 
 Paris, I saw you standin' strong again... again... 
 So I'm still comin' on with this 
 (Still comin' strong with shit) 
 Shit that'll make ya brain come up wake up 
 Regonize that it ain't nothin' but a thang 
 To see a nigga lockdown, underground or in the sweep 
 And you ain't never gonna take me out 'cause I... 
 (...Roll up mothafuckas and I'll break you down to side!) 
 Yeah, so keep your eyes on this 
 Fuck what you heard 
 (And watch the devil get served!) 
 Yeah, so now you know... 
 Scarface records, Paris... 
 Still hittin' you with the righterous shit... 
 The funky shit... 
 In the name of Allah... 
 And it ain't gonna never change... 
 It don't stop... 
 It don't never stop... 
 So back your devil-ass sob off me... 
 And let me get my field... 
 Power, yeah! 
 Paris, I'm hopin' goin' on the hill... the hill... 
 Paris, I saw you standin' strong again... again... (2x) 
 Yeah! Right back at you in 1994: P-Dog... 
 Guerrillas in the mist with the black fist... 
 And it ain't never gonna change!