(Paris) 
 As I flow, into the rhyme much smoother 
 I keep the pace and add bass for you to 
 Be able to experience the strength of GOD 
 On your tape with a break that I make to part 
 The weak-kneed hippie MC's and wannabees 
 From the Dog, so they can't see me 
 I'm movin swifter with the gift to lift ya 
 I don't step light, I don't talk {shit} 
 You suckers are all in, to try is suicide 
 I roll with the flow 'cause I'm qualified 
 To keep the peace and teach y'all to get along 
 Build my rep and step to the song 
 From jazz to hip-hop the Dog'll never stop 
 Get busy to the melodies that I concoct 
 When the raps are spit the grits stack like bricks 
 And you're please to receive P's hip-hop fix... 
 ... On the jazz tip 
 ... Smoother and smoother 
 ... And you don't stop 
 It's a mellow madness in the summer time 
 Females outside, enjoyin the sunshine 
 Kickin it live with the knob on ten 
 Good food and the mood is the peace my friend 
 Much brotherhood because it's understood 
 That everyone in the sun is about the good 
 Lifestyle, and while some came to shine 
 Don't matter cause the other brothers know the time 
 I'm the P, D-O-G and I'm swift 
 Son of Shabazz, shooter of the gift 
 To keep y'all steppin to the beat in real time 
 Mad on the mix complimentin the rhyme 
 With oh so smooth cuts flowin like mercury 
 Keeps you suckers knowin' that you'll never be SERVIN' me 
 I don't sleep and I do not sing 
 I drop math in your path 'cause I have to bring 
 You on a jazz tip ... yeah 
 ... So smooth in the summer time 
 ... DJ Mad Mike y'all 
 {*Mad Mike cuts and scratches*} 
 ... Smooth 
 Birth is given to the knowledge when I recite 
 Smooth words that keep y'all hype 
 Not down with the meaningless babble that some spit 
 I'm paid to degrade that ignorant {shit} 
 With the so proud so strong message of the (?) 
 Can't be dropped or stopped so don't come 
 With the intent to present a argument 
 I don't tolerate it, so don't act dumb 
 I'ma roll, over those who oppose 
 The speech when I teach y'all to reach your goal 
 Be strong and carry on and play the song 
 And listen to the lyrics and you'll never go wrong 
 Asalaam alaikum, brothers I'ma take 'em 
 Straight through the path that I'm makin' 
 And co-exist in bliss peace and righteousness 
 So smooth on a jazzy tip like this 
 ... Yeah 
 ... And you don't stop 
 ... Peace