I'm sick of all the shit in 94 so now I'm capped 
 Fucking with them devils every time I start to rap 
 Listen to the man 'cause the man is coming right 
 P-Dog is in the house until them brothers see the light 
 But now understand, I ain't concerned with the bullshit 
 'Cause I know the truth, I see their motherfucking hoof print 
 Got niggaz tripping off the violence and the 40 oz 
 So I call my homies, get my strap, and go take forty out 
 That's the way I'm coming so you better tell a friend 
 Bitch, I ain't your boy so respect me as a man 
 And niggaz understand that I'm down for whatever 
 We gotta make it better 
 Brothers gotta stick together... 
 Pay attention to the... 
 P-Dog 
 "One time for your mind: Scarface and I thought you knew..." 
 Pay attention to the... 
 P-Dog 
 Def with the record... Def with the record...(repeat twice) 
 Now house niggaz on the left wanna talk shit 
 And motherfucking devils on the right wanna dump a clip 
 Ever since I broke the grip of shame back in '89, 
 I see tricks tripping all the time like I did a crime 
 Got me on the news 'cause they wanna hide the truth 
 But notice that I'm a soldier and I'm coming at the youth 
 Black guerrilla standing for my folks and I'm proud 
 This one's going out to the brothers locked down 
 Now as long as we keep playing by your rules 
 I'm leaving shit stains on your flag till I'm through 
 Time after time I bring the motherfucking facts 
 I'm coming pro-black 
 Understand where I'm at 
 Take a listen to the... 
 P-Dog 
 "One time for your mind: Scarface and I thought you knew..." 
 Pay attention to the... 
 P-Dog 
 Def with the record... Def with the record...(repeat twice) 
 Never fucking with no dank, cut no drink 
 You can keep that shit for the next niggaz slanging with a weak rap 
 Busta-ass bandwagon niggaz wanna be the new 
 Gangsta of the week on the street But ain't got a clue 
 Damn, it's a trip 
 How them devil-ass labels put everything they got in that shit 
 But they never push anything real for the good of the community 
 It should be plain to see, fucking over you and me 
 So I stay true to the game 'cause it's on 
 Praise to Allah, running real for the cause 
 Never underestimate my enemies, but trip 
 On how they operate 'cause they wanna see me slip 
 As long as I'm living I keep giving you the facts 
 Bumping when I'm smuggling in the message in the rap 
 So pay attention now 'cause I'm about to catch a case 
 Them motherfucking snakes want a nigga in his place 
 But I keep on saying... 
 P-Dog 
 "One time for your mind: Scarface and I thought you knew..." 
 Take a listen to the... 
 P-Dog 
 Def with the record... Def with the record...(repeat four times)