Here we go here we go it's another one of them thangs 
 Niggaz better recognize that I'm wise and I'm fin 
 To make it known that I'm still, the one to call 
 Each and every one of y'all out, let's see who's real 
 And who's fake when it come to the funk 
 I'ma bring it to y'all live and direct, and straight bumpin 
 I knew you was a bitch from the first take 
 No eye contact with the handshake 
 Couldn't relates to where I'm comin' from, when I came through 
 With the truth, broken down on the first two 
 When I first asked the question if you was down 
 How many punk ass niggaz do I gotta clown? 
 With they ass to the sky, gettin' stuck by 
 The devil in drag, let's see who play the fag 
 Will you wannabe G's please have a seat 
 Here we go again, nigga please! 
 Yeah it's all a part of growin' up is what my momma told me 
 How many trick ass niggaz wanna try and mow me? 
 I guess I gotta be the one to buck 
 Put your house nigga ass in the dirt and won't give a (fuck) 
 Like I said, you're better off dead that you would be 
 If you try to do me, I'm looney, so sue me 
 Next time I rain on your world with the truth 
 A solider ain't nothin' to fool with 
 "You can't see what I can see!" You... can't see what I can see 
 "You can't see what I can see!" But you don't ever 
 "You can't see what I can see!" You can't see what I can see! 
 "You can't see what I can see!" Whoahaoaha-ah! 
 One two three, it's the G-U-E 
 Double-R, I, double-L, A, yellin' mayday 
 Weeble with a street sweeper lookin' for the beast 
 Had me thinkin' that I'm less than a man and incomplete 
 Yo, and ever since I first started rhymin 
 You motherfuckers wanna keep me down but I'm still climbin 
 You know I stay real to the end 
 Still fifteen deep on two freaks, I go tell a friend 
 I look around and all I see is these trick ass copycats 
 With they played out beats and they fake raps 
 And now I can't call it, it seem 
 Everybody wanna be a dopehead or an alcoholic 
 So what you wanna do? Nigga do you wanna be 
 A strong black man or another fool? 
 'Cause I'm comin' full grown, and bitch 
 You can take that wannabe G (shit) back home 
 Understand that it's on, like I told ya 
 Foolin with a street soldier 
 "You can't see what I can see!" But you don't ever 
 Who's that nigga with the big black gat 
 That's lookin' for the payback (lookin' for the payback) 
 Still comin' real it's the motherfuckin bomb 
 P-Dog in the city that's (shitty) like Vietnam 
 But them mark ass niggaz want it soft 
 Without ever understanding the plan to keep us fallin' off 
 But you better recognize that it's war 
 Better recognize, black folk runnin' out of time 
 But if you man enough jump nigga (jump nigga) 
 P-Dog got the pump in the trunk nigga 
 Better realize that it's much more to life 
 Than (fuckin'), two new shoes, and hisidin 
 It's like tryin' to put a size twelve foot 
 In a size eight shoe, it just won't do 
 So act like you knew, and let a real nigga come through 
 From a street soldier to you, now 
 "You can't see what I can see!" Hey, you can't see what I can see! 
 "You can't see what I can see!" But you don't ever 
 "You can't see what I can see!" Ooh, you can't see what I can see! 
 "You can't see what I can see!" Ooh! Noaoaahhoooh! 
 "You can't see what I can see!" (4X) 
 (Singer) 
 Music will make things, turn all right 
 And I will dance till the broad daylight 
 Check the flow, let it build in me 
 'Cause I know your heartbeat and I'm here to freak 
 All right! ... All right! ... All right! 
 All right 
 (Computer voice) 
 Aowww, this sounds familiar 
 Let me stick my nose in the mix 
 And see who do I smell, this time 
 Ahahahahaha!