Now I know it ain't right, but I decided I hadta' 
 Us poets paint life, but don't get recognized till afta' 
 So I faked my own death just to see what would happen 
 As I taje shallow breaths and wait for people's reaction 
 It was funny at first, but I had to hold my laughter... wait 
 Before long I was on display at an open casket wake 
 And I'm the main attraction who draws a crowd. A freak show of sorts 
 Good thing my skin is pale enough to pass as a decomposing corpse 
 Frozen in my thoughts, laying stiff... playing with 
 People's emotions and awaiting a kiss from praying lips that I hate but miss 
 She didn't show... although she sent a card with flowers 
 How considerate. That little bitch would make me sit in my car for hours 
 Heartless powers start to devour my patience... it gets me violent 
 I'm ready to fly shit and end everything like "I QUIT!" 
 Then again I sit deathly quiet... biting my tongue 
 Just excited that some kids... who were invited to come did 
 I'm the center of attention... the talk of the town 
 It ain't all that profound, but on this special day of mine I'm the one the universe revolves around 
 It's like a birthday... kind of 
 I also found that it's the worst way to find love 
 White doves battle black crows in one of the back rows 
 And everybody my ass knows back home is sporting black clothes 
 Looking glum as usual... it's all too familiar 
 I put the fun back into funeral. My morbid humor'll kill ya' 
 For all that it's worth... the people who I thought were jerks 
 Were putting on the water works and it sorta hurts 
 My momma stroked my hair with so much care but hardly spoke 
 Now my heart is broke, and yeah... I should've let her in on the joke 
 But I'm honestly choked up, and I'm stuck holding back my tears 
 As I absorb the atmosphere, "I wanna turn back I'm scared!" 
 Then a hand touches my shoulder to calm my nerves 
 And something odd occurs because I heard my father's words 
 So I got disturbed... as he expressed what he's never said 
 What bothered me the most is that I remembered... he's dead 
 I manifested destiny. The best and worst of worlds has come true 
 As I'm buried alive, in the back of my mind echoes his words: 
 "I love you" 
 Irony is a funny bastard 
 I mean you've got to be funny when your mere existence is totally dependent on God's twisted sense of humour 
 And I can cut this kid with a knife he's living so (?) 
 The knife struck 
 Over privileged kids trying to tell me life sucks 
 Men preoccupy their minds thinking of all the guys their wives... 
 Had sexual relations with 
 I'd have patience if the innocence weren't lost 
 But when I scrubbed my hands the purity rinsed off 
 And when I scrubbed some more protective gloves tore 
 The only thing saving me from loving... her...