Had I known then what I know now 
 Had I thought now what I knew then... 
 I might still be human 
 With all the little stupid fix-ins 
 As I fix sins and vixens vick souls 
 Stitch clothes for the characters they play then switch roles 
 Nail me to the cross dress 
 The holy cloth costs less 
 I'd toss less 
 If I still had your soft breasts to rest my head on 
 Since you've been gone 
 I recalled my issues with problems and hate 
 But I can't exactly remember the model or make 
 Now glass bottles break in my death grip 
 I'm about to take the next quick exit and end this head trip 
 My bed is stripped of its blankets, comforters, pillows and sheets, 
 But I might have to peel off all my skin to remove your scent in order to sleep 
 I had my highs and lows 
 When on top, I let you peek out over my nose 
 Sitting on my shoulders and I suppose if I had a backbone, 
 You might still be here 
 My skin is filthy... 
 From my lows when you weren't there. But to keep from feeling guilty 
 I collected the dirt... Kept it piling up 
 Now Mr Feel Nothing saves his tears inside of a cup 
 And he drinks. And he forgets that he's an asshole 
 Jealous of his ghosts and doubts that he even has a soul 
 My secret pleasures have my inner demons gossiping 
 I'm a ghost writer for the horrorcore lyrics my personal mosters sing 
 I'm sitting in a strangers tub... 
 With all my clothes on... shivering... considering the dangers of love. 
 They get half of what I have to give... IF THAT 
 It's all about the packaging. They're distracted by the gift rap. 
 Predictable. Easy to manipulate 
 They're foreshadow puppets and I'm waiting for their strings to break. 
 The pillars that once held up my halfway house have been taken out. 
 I'm in my last days now. There's a change coming soon. 
 I just want to crawl back into my mother's womb 
 I need a comfort zone, 
 But obviously I need to find another home 
 To call my own... and always return to 
 And I want it to be you 
 I sit and stare, zone out, think a lot and never sleep, 
 Creating memories to remember and then I forget to eat. 
 Went to the street you used to live on, staring at the bedroom window of your old home 
 With puppy eyes... waiting for God to throw me a bone. 
 I'd settle for one more goodbye kiss while I settle for less 
 I'm unsettled at best. Sulking while abandoning settlements 
 Insulting my companions intelligence... conversing with baby talk 
 Playing with mind games. Rehearsing with playful thought. 
 It's the way we fought that made my blood bubble then turn cold, 
 When you made me walk through rain and mud puddles down a dirt road. 
 It left me so messy 
 Forget me... 
 Not 
 I've got more mud to sling... 
 Shot.