Author: Sage Francis 
 We walk as two, but we'll leave one set of tortured footprints 
 Now here she comes... walking through the door... giving that look. Since 
 I roll with shook wimps... I'm shaking in my boots 
 Kids are behind me eating steak and soup, talking 'bout beatbreaks and loops 
 And I wanna' turn around... join in on the convo, but I ain't got jack to say 
 And it's sad to say... I'm just a poetry fag actin' gay in my black beret 
 I just came to this wack-ass café 
 To drink an ice coffee and kill a bit of time before the matinee 
 Why oh why did I need Cappaccino Cooler? 
 Now I'm trying to avoid eye contact. Lets see if I can fool her 
 I put a look of concentration on my face as I scribble on a napkin 
 Squinting my eyes, acting like I'm really serious about this mess of non-sensical pen action 
 A web of chicken scratch and ink blots 
 Is she still there? Standing awkwardly glaring? I think not 
 Look up... think again. Shit... now when 
 Is she going stop making me waste ink from my pen as I sit and pretend 
 I knew I should have come with a friend. I shrink and I send 
 Myself into meditation... and I'm on the brink of Zen 
 Is she buying it? I pick up my empty glass... tilt it... and drink the flem 
 She's STILL scoping! in fact, this chick's a 10 
 At least in my book... which isn't all that well read, but it's been said 
 Once she gets her grip on men they simply bend/...backwards. 
 She attracts nerds, jocks, substitutes and student teachers 
 Who all profess their love for all of her protruding features 
 There's no fooling this creature, she's WAY fine 
 So dope, I'd have to smuggle her across state lines or else pay fines 
 What's holding me back is what I heard through the grape vine 
 She's a non-conformist freak who only comes out in the daytime 
 "Don't look at me." I can feel the burn of her stare on my sensitive skin 
 I'm anti-social and I don't know how conversational sentences begin 
 Plus, I'm allergic to the medicine of sexual healing 
 This impotence is sickening. She's sensual... appealing 
 Now I'm covering up my crotch region by crossing my legs 
 Lost in thoughts of whores in my bed. It's awful... so I'm forcing my head 
 Into my forearms. I should... invite her for a cup of Joe 
 It would do more harm than good... I just know 
 I mean... she's no Natalie Portman, and I've been kind of holding out for her 
 Naturally... Now my thoughts spin... and she's on the "out" for sure 
 Gradually... contort my mindframe so no doubts occur 
 I activate testicular bravery and I shout to her 
 Our eyes lock. 
 And time stops... 
 She floats over to my spot... 
 And I say "Hi, I'm not 
 Trying to hit on you like the way all these other guys jock 
 I just wanna' let you know... I'm the type of person who lies a lot 
 Sometimes I fart and I pick my nose like a maniac 
 I'd be glad to front the cost of a date with you as long as you pay me back 
 If we ever reach the friendship level where things like that are shared 
 And I know my facial hair is weird... but I've been waiting for someone like you to shave my beard 
 I'm usually more discreet about my insecurities, but today... I just ain't prepared." 
 In all honesty... this dame just stared 
 And I was like "Uh... yeah... 
 So ummm... heh..." 
 Nervous twitches were initiated and out nostrils flared 
 Our eyes started wandering and I was rocking in my chair 
 I just continued on scared that I lost her... in my upfront approach 
 She looked at my napkin and noticed what I wrote 
 ...Which was nothing 
 I said "The funny thing is... I could have used you as a muse 
 Wrote you sonnets in iambic pentameter and then produced 
 Mass amounts of unsent love letters and out-of-tune love ballads 
 Some valid... but most just to get you thinking of marriage 
 It's untrue. I don't want to create a first impression I can't live up to 
 I... just... wanna... 
 She said "Nuff said. I'm a theme park. Ride me until the sun sets." 
 So I jumped up on her shoulders as we exited the entrance.