(Sage singing in a club with the audience) 
 You can't kill me, motherfucker 
 You can't kill me, motherfucker 
 You may try, but you will die 
 You can't kill me, motherfucker! 
 Go to bed late, then I have to wake 
 Get to work, keep it goin', can't stop, can't take a break 
 Gotta get it done, in time for me to do the things I wanna do 
 But by the time I finished it, it's time for me to talk to you 
 And then explain what I do in my day, well 
 It's complicated and you say, "Pray tell" 
 And I will try, if I miss any details 
 Think about it later and then send it in an e-mail 
 'Cause my brain is on a loop, but there's a buzz 
 That I need to troubleshoot, not now 
 Gotta-gotta get the work done 
 Last night, some other day is turnin' to the first one 
 I, never gonna never gonna 
 I, am never gonna never gonna 
 I, ain't never gonna ever gonna die 
 Huh, pedal to the medal, gonna get ahead 
 Gonna run another red light in the dead of the night 
 Lettin' the light from my cellphone distract my eyes 
 Sexual text messagin' to my mind 
 Fingers are busy, but now I'm lookin' in the mirror 
 Cause the people behind me, they're givin' me the middle finger 
 I'll kill 'em if they pull up any closer to my bumper 
 Short-tempered mother... shut your mouth! 
 Drinkin' the coffee, now I'm dumpin' it out 
 He's honkin' his horn like "You wanna throw down?!?" 
 He thinks, "Oh boy, you wanna go now? I'm ready (I'm ready)" 
 For the typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 (Di-di-di-difficult isn't it?) 
 I'm just a man, with a company van 
 And a supervisor who just does a summary scan 
 And a coworker who's always like "Just cover me man" 
 In the morning we all get into the huddle again 
 Like "Can we even make more money?" 
 I wonder what the luxury is really taken from me 
 I don't even have to worry (ha-ha-ha-ha-hiiii) 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedient people... 
 Are gonna die... 
 'Cause they can't live... 
 My life... 
 All eyes on the small guys makin' small noise 
 In a small town with the small music men 
 You're just fall guys, in the law's eyes 
 Your voice is worth more than you know and you're not foolin' anyone 
 I'm not a con-artist, your pencil and promises eroding eraser tips 
 I'm sick of your colleges 
 Expensive taste-tester: "Spit that wine" 
 Excessive waist, chest, butt; it's that time 
 For me to get randomly checked again 
 Bored until you're marked with a blood-red pen 
 Water bottle sittin' in my pocket and I'm walkin' with a grin 
 'Cause the liquid isn't permitted, 
 I'm rippin' up the ticket 
 For the lady at the counter as confetti in her face! 
 Shoulda never let me in this place 
 Fly, fly boy in the brownest state 
 I got a feeling that I'm never gonna get let out the gate 'cause I'm the BOMB 
 Yeah I said it; cool, collected, and calm 
 Maneuver through the computer to do a little song 
 My music got the charm 
 Smoother than a cougar, attack the mic and get on the intercom 
 "Hello passengers, fellow activists, 
 Whether you're masochists, mellow pacifists 
 Tell those faxin' it is no accident 
 By the end of this record, you're gonna knowwwww" 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedience 
 Typically cyclical simple civil obedient people 
 Are you listenin', Love? I got a theory for us 
 Can you hear me enough, can you hand me my stuff? 
 'Bout to move out this scary cemetery you trust 
 Livin' just a little bit, it isn't nearly enough 
 Livin' just a little bit, it isn't nearly justified 
 Because ah-ah-ah-I, ah-ah-ah-I am 
 Never gonna never gonna never gonna never gonna die 
 Sage Speaking: 
 I wanna kee-I wanna keep making things an-and death really is-is uh not to be part of my eh-everyday activities. 
 It's not to be in my music anymore, I don't want it there. 
 It'll-it'll sneak its way in and out, but that's that's, we're beyond that. 
 I mean de-de-death only as a concept is what matters and-and God as a concept is-is-is one of those huge things to me. 
 Um, and to you, I know you, I know you much better than you think I do uh... 
 I hope we meet sometime, I wouldd love to shake your hand and um maybe get a kiss, uh right there, on my face. 
 And uh, I don't know, maybe have sex a little bit.