They wanna corrupt me. They tried to corrupt me. 
 This ain't no Swan Song. This is for the ugly ducklings of my country. 
 You are not alone here! 
 'Psst psst; conspiracy to riot.' 
 Peep the game, dummy. You can't keep the reign from me. 
 It's us who put in the over time, they who make the money. 
 Snickering at trickle down economy. 
 We got nickled and dimed? It's more like highway robbery. 
 Drive in the fast lane. Eyes on the gas gauge. 
 Listen to neo-cons cry about black rage. 
 It doesn't stop there. 
 They're the blowhards. They puff out their chest. They're full of hot air. 
 Providing entertainment for the status quo. 
 Then once every 4 years they pander to the black vote. 
 Oh, religion ain't a tool of control? 
 Then why they pull the God card once they're losing in the polls? 
 Foolish. I know. We're victims of circumstance. 
 It ain't coincidence we're children of the worker ants. 
 While those in power ain't never owned a pair of dirty pants 
 But they're quick to kill your health insurance plans. 
 The rich cheat death with their cheap survival. 
 They found more than one way to beat the Bible. 
 Street disciple... my beats are trifle mega. 
 Don't repeat the cycle, just live your life better. 
 I'm gonna defeat my rival. That's why I'm writing this letter 
 To let 'em know we ain't givin' up the fight ever. 
 'Psst psst; conspiracy to riot' 
 They wanna corrupt me. They tried to corrupt me. 
 This ain't no Swan Song. This is for the ugly ducklings of my country. 
 You are not alone here! 
 'Psst psst; conspiracy to riot.' 
 Oh yeah; I've got a weapon of mass destruction'; 
 Parked in the back and it's a vessel of gas consumption. 
 Rebels of rap production never adapted to nothing. 
 Imagine my laugh whenever ask me for something. 
 Like I ain't gave it my all. 
 You came fashionably late to the headbanger's ball. 
 After the mob scene lost steam, 
 And after we spilled pig's blood on the prom queen. 
 I've been told with old age comes wisdom, 
 But I've found with old age comes old age. 
 We're stuck in our old ways like everything was done much better 
 In some forgotten era. Thumb sucking America. 
 I can't begin to name the ways I'd pin the blame 
 On an administration acting inhumane. 
 If it's killing season let's start within. 
 When the hunter becomes the hunted they outlaw hunting (ain't that something.) 
 Confiscate the ammunition! 
 'Cause there's a wolf in sheep's skin. A pit bull with lipstick. 
 A pig in a blanket. Some lame duck President 
 Privatizing profit and socializing debt. 
 Collapsed credit. Journalists get arrested. 
 Watch the Blackwater operatives go domestic. 
 Oh, that's a problem? Well don't agonize. 
 Smoke 'em if you got 'em. A whole pack of lies. 
 Summer spring and autumn. Now bring the wintertime. 
 I don't protest snow. I shovel it with picket signs. 
 'Psst psst; conspiracy to riot' 
 They wanna corrupt me. They tried to corrupt me. 
 This ain't no Swan Song. This is for the ugly ducklings of my country. 
 You are not alone here! 
 We have the right to assembly and it's the duty of the patriot 
 To protect his country from the government. 
 But when we try it; but when we try it; 
 But when we try it; 
 It's CONSPIRACY TO RIOT! 
 Peace rally with my friends. Conspiracy to riot. 
 When we have no defense. Conspiracy to riot. 
 Rubber bullets to our heads. Conspiracy to riot. 
 Conspiracy to riot. Conspiracy to riot. 
 When we find voter fraud. Conspiracy to riot. 
 When we defy overlords. Conspiracy to riot. 
 When we finally pull the cord. Conspiracy to riot. 
 Conspiracy to riot. Conspiracy to riot. 
 Till the truth is revealed. Conspiracy to riot. 
 We ain't choosing to kneel. Conspiracy to riot. 
 Let me be the human shield. Conspiracy to riot. 
 Conspiracy to riot. Conspiracy to riot.