(Alphabetical list of drug streetnames) 
 I'm going there to give him cash, hear him laugh, bring him back 
 If I can't tear down these walls, I'll slip him through the crack. 
 If that crack ain't big enough, I'm sick enough to get committed, 
 Where he's been, I ain't been allowed to visit, and I miss him. 
 They put me in a submission hold, got him living in a hole. 
 Give me the rope, pull it back, cut him slack--he's getting old. 
 This cold does nothing for his bones... he's shaking. 
 Always put on hold, that prison phone's always taken 
 They put me on a speaker but my voice is breaking up. 
 I'd like to think he caught bits and pieces before the gates got shut. 
 Raise it up! 
 Somebody cover me, I'm going in, with razor cuts, and something ugly that I know within 
 Can't afford the luxury of exposing everything, but I've been doing the best that I can. (that I can) 
 I take it day by day, just one step at a time, and I don't need a sobriety test to walk the line 
 Walking on this tightrope with arms open wide, hoping to find you live and well on the other side 
 So I could give you this gift as a symbol 
 When I felt the rope loosen, I knew I missed my window 
 He really did love you, you know pat, pat, I said "Get your fucking hand off my back" 
 This is my passage into adulthood and I need not 
 Smalltalk fingers fishing from a weak spot. I used to dream a lot 
 In search for meaning in a sleepwalk 
 The only time I find myself having a deep talk 
 But now I never sleep 'cause sleep is the cousin of death 
 One can never rest depending on how up the drugs get 
 Upset, submit me to a blood test 
 Find no trace of my words reverting back to... wait, that wasn't what I meant 
 My right eye is sunrise, the left is sunset, the moonshine ain't got me drunk yet 
 My tongue's wet for the lunar eclipse, and when you're flat broke ain't nothing you won't do for a fix 
 It's a beautiful mix of Jesus-Juice on my lips 
 And words that are stuck so I stirred 'em up with a crucifix 
 And this is where I found a friend in Christ 
 But I also found a few spikes and I decided to use them as pegs on my bike 
 So you'd have a place to stand when I broke you out of that vice 
 And now I'm going back to rehab. (going, going, back, back to rehab) 
 I'm going back to rehab... (going, going, back, back to rehab) 
 I'm going back to rehab... (going, going, back, back to rehab) 
 I'm going back to rehab... (going, going, back, back to rehab) 
 (Going, going, back, back to rehab) (going, going, back, back to rehab) 
 I'm going back as a Dead-Again Christian, with a medicine prescription 
 Yeah I'm a friend of Bill! Let-let-let me in! 
 Get me outta this! 
 Hooked up to plugs and wires while the dogs sniff for a powdered substance 
 In a town of judgments with glass-house developments 
 Cookie-cutter Republican school-book intelligence 
 They ain't never considered how just one rock, 
 Could crack the whole facade, now they call the ski slingshots 
 I will not meditate on the sermon 
 Heaven's gate is burnin', so we self-medicate with bourbon 
 While their collection plate gets turned into a purse 
 I've turned into a second-rate person, but I'm not the first 
 This isn't your typical cry for help 
 I tried to melt, but someone stopped the trickling with a +Bible belt+ 
 Reminded me of tourniquets and heroin nods 
 Now that, that right there, that's one hell of a God 
 You can't match magic with an addict that's got a mapping compass 
 In order to find a substance and matchstick that functions 
 A searching and fearless immoral inventory 
 Till every person with a story begins to bore me 
 I did what I had to do to get 
 To the place where your face wasn't such a blurry mess 
 I packed all your favorite promises and words that we kept, 
 You weren't hard to find, all it took was 13 steps. 
 And now I'm going back to rehab... 
 I'm going back to rehab... 
 I'm going back to rehab... 
 I'm going back to rehab... I don't drink though 
 I'm going there to give him cash, hear him laugh, bring him back 
 If I can't tear down these walls, I'll slip him through the crack. 
 If that crack ain't big enough, I'm sick enough to get committed, 
 Where he's been, I ain't been allowed to visit, and I miss him. 
 Put me in a submission hold, got him living in a hole. 
 Give me the rope, pull it back, cut him slack--he's getting old. 
 This bitter cold does nothing for his brittle bones--he's shaking. 
 Eternally put on hold, that prison phone's always taken 
 Put me on a speaker but my voice is breaking up. 
 I'd like to think he caught bits and pieces before the gates got shut. 
 Raise it up! 
 Somebody cover me, I'm going in, with razor cuts, and something ugly that I know within. 
 Can't afford the luxury of exposing everything, but I've been doing the best that I can. 
 I take it day by day, just one step at a time, and I don't need a sobriety test to walk the line. 
 (Continue alphabetical list of drug streetnames)