AUTHOR: Sage Francis 
 Pick up, Pick up... Pick up, Pick up... 
 Verse One: 
 Now I can't even think back. Self-induced amnesia has made its impact 
 Mental health produced at leisure was frayed once it was intact 
 I voluntarily refuse to remenisce 
 If I could choose any wish... I'd lose my genesis 
 And prove to my nemesis that I don't need Memory Lane on my way home 
 But I got lost and I needed a pay phone 
 Because I was in an unsafe zone... inside of a place unknown 
 Where unfamilliar faces roam (...and it's so strange)... 
 I've got no change... I could've sworn that I did when I left 
 My breath gets heavy with every lie and theft 
 I looked right and left... then I called people at my home collect 
 To tell them, "Things changed." But they just won't accept 
 I'm out of range... with no respect. Every time I asked for directions 
 All I got was dead air, cut lines, and bad connections 
 People who would help changed their number to unlisted 
 411 info left me unassisted. Wickedly twisted... 
 Incidents. Is it coincidence? I choose to think so 
 Deep in thought, my eyes blink slow. Pictures appear like slide shows 
 My mind knows each and every single detail 
 Total recall is leaving me pale 
 Sick to my stomach... nautious... forces of nature bring my homing instinct 
 Its stink... is so distinct... now let me think... a minute 
 Epiphany: This is the much traveled trail from my past 
 Now an unbeaten path... unfunny memories are now making me laugh. 
 Verse Two: 
 Ha! The flashbacks of my past acts are numerous 
 Since out the uterus... Earth encounters ain't been that humerous 
 Heheheheh... my laugh lines have been faked for the last time 
 I'm past my prime. Climaxing again is a task of mine 
 I'm homeward bound. Break out the map and atlas 
 I ask gas station attendants... and they just act pissed 
 I'm black listed... for not staying true to white lies 
 I fight lies... in darkness... heartless... until the night dies 
 Then I shed some light on what's the matter 
 Reflections in the looking glass self scatter when the hard stares make it shatter 
 7 years bad luck? Time's irrelevant 
 I'm searching for signs of intelligent minds, but find the element 
 Which blinds what the hell I think. Now I'm thinking... 
 "What time is it?" I see the 12:00 blinking 
 Check the position... of the sun... to see there is none 
 I figure there's an eclipse... so I look away to save my wisdom 
 The solar system left me stranded in a universe 
 Where I do reverse psychology. Apologies are made through my verse 
 Ain't nothing to do but curse when I'm frustrated 
 Making people disgusted. Plus, I'm mistrusted and hated 
 That's an understatement, but who really cares about my failure years? 
 I'm on an expedition... following my trail of tears 
 From when I cried, but... it dried up... and vaporized 
 I played your game, so where's my consalation prize? I'm taking lies 
 From faking guys... and gals... who want to be my pals... and peers 
 At this here pace, it'll take me a thousand years 
 To fins my way back... encompassing what they lack 
 It cost me most of my life, but still I'm thinking about a pay back 
 Decapitated... I lost my head, and fear is activated 
 I'm in a fog. My blood, sweat and tears evaporated 
 I back track to find my lost sense of direction 
 Stop, look, and listen... before I cross the intersection 
 There's much construction. I'm signaled with morse code 
 To take a detour. Somehow I end up on an off road 
 I squint my eyes... trying to find some street signs 
 I can only read strong thoughts. These people have weak minds 
 Trapped in a desert that to me looks like a sandbox 
 With damn NARCS... hold up, son... I'm noticing some landmarks 
 I rack my brain... knowing that I can't attack in vane 
 Upon return I promised myself not to act the same 
 But every so often my selective screen memory... will be my enemy 
 Metamorphasize and say, "Remember me?" 
 Getting me petro... wish I could kill the retro 
 But heck no... to much of my past I just can't let go 
 I'm just a stone's throw away from my home turf... which really is this whole earth 
 But claims like that have no worth 
 Epiphany: And then it hits me... the reason why I'm dizzy 
 Is because I've been traveling in circles keeping myself busy. 
 (Where is he?) 
 Deejay Perseus drumming.