I know I look good. 
 Stop sweatin' me. 
 I'm makin' myself look pretty 
 I'm makin' myself look pretty for you 
 I'm makin' myself look prettier 
 Let me rub my back against the notches on your bedpost 
 To scratch these afterthoughts off my flesh and shed ghosts 
 My head's close to your closet door. 
 I've got the glass to my ear. My nose is in your 
 Business (I smell something fishy here.) 
 I hear bones rattling. Poems battling for space and time 
 Phones that'll ring when I make judgment calls with pick-up lines 
 Sexual hang-ups leave me waiting nude and while alone 
 It gets aggrivating masterbating to a dial tone. 
 I'm the home to run-away trains of thought 
 My one track mind is a collision intercourse where victim's cross, 
 Bedroom eyes... uncross their legs exposing inner thighs 
 I disrobe and show my most convincing disguise. 
 I've lived so many lives each death has left my face scarred 
 Hid so many lies under my breath that I can't face God 
 Dig into my mind deep enough you'll find a graveyard 
 I get nervous bodies will resurface every time it rains hard 
 "Don't cry, girl." Let me outline your short comings 
 My world is full of them and they're all in the long runnings 
 It's all fun and games. It's all done in vain. It's all a ----ing shame 
 I ain't the one but I'm the one to complain? 
 I'm the one to come home.Compare.Contrast.Come fast 
 Make love to the present, fuck the past 
 Make love to the present, fuck the past.Nothing lasts 
 Don't you dare worry about the morning aftermath 
 I'm makin' myself look pretty 
 I'm makin' myself look pretty for you 
 I'm makin' myself look prettier 
 Taking an acid bath, pissing on the shower curtain 
 The gal just laughs and starts dissing my towel turban 
 I had to ask if she knew how to listen now I'm certain 
 Now my task is just to get up in her like I was a surgeon! 
 I'm a virgin who makes exceptions at sunset 
 My dirty skin gets cleansed by the summer sweat 
 "Self, have some respect! I don't need you new and clean 
 But I don't want the procedure routine!" 
 A screw machine!with a few bolts loose.robot response touch tone 
 Hair trigger, happy-go-lucky emotion monger wants a love poem 
 Run home.dip into your closet and jump bones 
 Your secret admirer's stuck higher up and he's unknown. 
 Looking down on you.can you bare the burden?my ears are hurting 
 I found a few gears are turning 
 With squeaky wheels.they get the grease 'cause it's a damn nuisance 
 Understand the blueprints for our mechanical movements. 
 It never ran smooth since we abused the Earth 
 Grabbed a hand full of pubics and removed the turf 
 Refused its worth, we lose our shirts.she assumed the worst 
 And needed proof of birth? I'm leaving this universe. 
 It seems doomed and cursed.see if you come first then come fast 
 Come here.Come back.Compare.Contrast 
 Complain.Constrain.Constantly ask, 
 Complicated questions contain scientific answers in your flask 
 Condone.Condemn.Come home.Come friend 
 Confuse.Common issues.Condelude.Comprehend 
 Carma.Chameleon.Come again? 
 Continue to come in you.Come to daddy.Condescend 
 Come and bring us (Confidence). Cunnilingus (Compliments) 
 Come to thank us went from guilty conscienceness to common sense 
 Calm down.Complete.Compound.Come eat 
 Our Common ground meat from man-made concrete 
 Come to the street.Conquer the weak.Come to terms with coming last 
 Make love to the present, fuck the past 
 Make love to the present, fuck the past.Nothing lasts 
 Don't you dare worry about the morning aftermath. 
 I'm makin' myself look pretty 
 I'm makin' myself look pretty for you 
 I'm makin' myself look prettier