I don't look at myself in the mirror because I'm a narcissist 
 I simply like to watch myself exist... 
 Now I'm in a fog and mist... 
 Now my reflection is anonymous 
 Ponder this! 
 I've seen a reflection of my soul in the store window 
 Caught in limbo 'cause I was dressed all in Timbo's 
 Having fantasies of playing Polo with Ralph Lauren on a Tommy Hill 
 And my paper thin spirit was still grieving from the Versace kill in Florida 
 Opened the door to the store and I walked down the corridor 
 To see they had a blow out sale on Nautica 
 I've always been a Lord of the button down Flies 
 Being they were half-priced, I pass 'em on by looking for Levis 
 But Guess what? All my favorite clothing lines and hip designs 
 Were being liquidized and it made me sick to my eyes 
 I don't understand, when I had no ends, the price was quick to rise 
 I'd buy a pair of trends even if it didn't fit my size 
 Purchase a surplus of fads from merchants whose ads 
 Made these cheap ass fabrics that were so worthless and sad 
 Just look priceless, they used unethical devices to attack my sense of 
 Self-worth during my prepubescent crisis 
 It fed into my insecurities, so instead of being righteous 
 I want everyone to see me like this 
 It's all about who looks the nicest 
 Ice is falling off my Rolie onto my body, shoot! 
 I hope to hell it doesn't melt and ruin my Armani suit 
 While I'm sweatin' this, some kid who doesn't got any loot 
 Is buying my necklace along with my same exact khakis and army boots 
 What?! This is blasphemous! 
 Since Adidas tried changing its logo 
 There ain't been nothing as wack as this 
 It's probably a stunt being pulled by Animal Rights activists 
 Because of all that Third World country garbage but I'm a pacifist 
 So while these monkeys sweat over my name brands that exchange hands 
 From enslaved lands, I wonder if I'm the same man 
 Without reward... for what I bought but CAN'T still afford 
 This is the type of self-realization that might have killed the Lord 
 I didn't mind working free as a walking billboard 
 But now I want my money back... as the ice spilled and poured 
 Onto the floor I did see a distorted reflection of my Nike hat 
 I don't know how others might react 
 For me it was an unsightly act that helped me get my psyche back 
 I stood 5 feet back, afraid that it might strike me like Shaclack clack! 
 Y'all think I'm kidding? It's not big thing 
 What I seen made my heart hurt, stomach turn, throat burn, teeth cringe 
 Spine tingle, and ribs sting 
 I noticed that the swoosh symbol was nothing but a whip in mid-swing... 
 I don't look at myself in the mirror because I'm a narcissist 
 I simply like to watch myself exist... 
 I'm in a fog and mist...