Slug: 
 ...With sage francis, to aesop rock 
 We're trying to save the spot, we'e trying to save the spot 
 We're trying to save the spot, we'e trying to save the spot 
 (Cut) 
 Eyedea: 
 We're tryin' to save the spot 
 Hey, yo I break your props 
 You see me do a lot of shows 
 I get paid a lot... 
 So when I hit the mike I make the instrumentals distort 
 MC's are on my nuts just like a genital wart 
 And they won't ever stop, they straight connected 
 I break their record, their whole style's just fake-infected 
 So why don't they get some realness 
 They act like they can't feel this 
 They on the ground like an oil spill 
 Musta been somebody that tied two sperms together and made 'em 
 Ditch the egg, before I switch the peg 
 Wait a minute, how did he just get in it 
 So cynical, this individual will flip it every (intracle?) 
 And - reaching with my tentacles... 
 I just grab the microphone from individuals 
 Lyrically advanced? huh-yeah, that's a maybe 
 MC's can never play me, I make grown cats look like babies 
 When I flow raps, I beak caps of knees 
 When I smack MC's, they are as whack to me, I attack the beat 
 But they ain't understandin' 
 This man is just damagin' 
 Every rapper on the planet where he's standing 
 And even if he's sittin' 
 And even if he's not spittin' 
 This kid is just rippin' the microphone 
 Forever grippin' it 
 Tight! keepin' it tight! Holdin' the mike! Fend for my life! 
 And then I'm grabbin' it, stabbin' it right into the middle of your eyesight 
 It's so easy for me to bend mikes 
 I get in pen-fights 
 And then I break pencils 
 And take your stencils 
 Out of my mind, I'm 
 Out of the frame, I'm 
 Under your skin, over your head, and 
 All in the game... 
 You know what I'm sayin' and it's just 
 All in my name 
 While your girl is like- yeah, she's good at 
 Callin' my name 
 She's like, "Eyedea, how do you spell it? 
 With a capital E? 
 When you smackin' MC's 
 And they as whacked at practicing beats?" 
 Freestylin', but they ain't understanding 
 This man is diminishing cats 
 Like popeye without spinach 
 And finishin' raps 
 Take 'em to the end and replenish them cats 
 Who think they're thinkin' when they're stinkin' with their raps? 
 Hey! One time in my life I had spinal meningitis... 
 Yo, but after that I realized that on the mike I'm the tightest! 
 And MC's wanna like this, but they can never invite this 
 I recite (this) that'll make God wanna just... 
 Recruit me for a team of angels 
 See your dreams get strangled 
 MC's I mangle 
 In the middle of their face, this individual's got bass 
 When I flip riddles on a ritual basis, taste this, hey kid 
 Wait a minute, yo I'm about to stop 
 Illogic, grab the microphone and let 'em know just how you rock: