Come now, sit down, stick a while 
 Really 
 She said: Forever. 
 I said forever? 
 Forever ever? forever ever ever ever ever ever ever? 
 Apparently forever only means four year! 
 This is the rewrite... this right here 
 This is the rewrite... this right here 
 This is the re-write, to anyone who has been fucked over in their life 
 This to the woman who I used to respect 
 Now I call her a bitch 'cause I'm constantly upset 
 So this is to the +bitch+ who cut communication 
 For a new relation 
 Selfishness spread through the nation 
 All I ever wanted was a hug 
 To wrap my loving arms around you, you blew it off with a shrug 
 So all I ever wanted was a hand to hold 
 I ain't the man to scold 
 Your plan is cold but god damn its old 
 It's about time get inside of my head while I'm out my mind 
 As I scream cry yell shout and whine 
 All I ever asked for 
 Was an ear to hear me 
 What you really have to wear that mask for? 
 You straight shattered my glass jaw 
 I'm picking up the pieces of my past, what you last saw 
 But see this, needless to say, you went astray 
 All people ever hear Sage say is 
 I don't give a damn, I don't care 
 All I hear from myself tryin' to make things clear 
 Yeah, I don't give a FUCK for real I don't FUCKING CARE 
 You know why? 
 The pain stops with the end of raindrops 
 But this cloudy weather just reminds me of the time we spent together 
 How you left forever like that with a snap of fingers 
 Pain lingers, this is to the 
 Woman who I made my family 
 I call her up just to save my sanity 
 So this is to that +bitch+ 
 She be right here, a monster in my reoccurring nightmare 
 Now when my grandfather died, 
 And my grandmother died, 
 And my dad fuckin' died 
 She saw me and just ignored me like "Sorry end of the story" 
 My family's dropping like flies somehow I got to rise 
 But nobody's by my side, can't look straight into my eyes 
 No one's by my side, look straight into my eyes 
 My fist grabs air, stare into the lies 
 I never felt more lonely, I made you the one and only 
 Individual to know me. This is the thanks that you show me? 
 I never felt more lonely, I made you the one and only 
 Individual to know me, never thought that you'd turn phony 
 But you did, I'm going all out kid 
 I got mad hate to deal with 
 Yo, I'm having trouble letting anyone get close to me 
 That's a major problem because that's not the way it's supposed to be 
 Supposedly, I should keep my composure 
 Now, I'm like "wow", it's time for me to seek closure 
 Pictures are destroyed - overexposure 
 Ever get that feeling that nobody really knows ya'? 
 This is to the woman who I called my best friend 
 Now I call her bitch, because she made the switch to that +bitch+ 
 Who I shouldn't disrespect 
 I call her woman just to keep myself in check 
 Fuck that 
 The problem that's all inside my head she said to me 
 The answer's easy if you take it logically" 
 I'd like to help you with your struggles to be free 
 Must be 50 ways to diss your ex lover] 
 Without calling her a bitch 
 Without calling her a bi-atch! 
 So six years it took for her to talk to me again. Six years!. I woul email, I emailed my way back into her life. All her co-workers would play her all my songs. "did you hear this one, did you hear this one?" And then, we go back together. And we started hanging out a lot. It was beautiful. And it was very close to the end of my musical career, because, I just couldn't write anymore, it was like, I have no girl to cry about, I have no songs... 
 But then I had sex with her mom. And I've a lot more to write about now.