This is to the woman who I loved but lost 
 Intertwined souls of the universe got divorced 
 But it wasn't forced. got single thoughts of being double crossed 
 Still there's no love lost 
 Now I can't even start this. I see no light inside the darkness 
 So whatcha want, miss? don't check my pulse because I'm heartless 
 You were my life support. and in a sense my defense fights the thought 
 I'll try to keep this one nice and short 
 Our four chambers beat in unison 
 I'm wanting you to listen to the dead silence in my defiance 
 I used to sin and be intrigued by violence 
 Now as I glimpse into the past I thank God for your guidance 
 Alas, I give my eyes a rinse 
 Blink and think in retrospect... realize you need to get your respect 
 I apologize as I holler cries 
 'Cause it's you and not these college guys that keeps my knowledge wise 
 You're my crutch. but now I fall 'cause you're someone I can't touch 
 Now no one wants to help me up and that's too much 
 Even my wisdom fell. I'm in a living hell 
 Throw my inner child back in the prison cell 
 Incarcerated hatred is causing conflict 
 With the free love sentencing death to the convict 
 My soul is on skid row, where can this kid go? 
 I'm homeless, how could you notice when this whole world didn't know? 
 It's time I make public just how personal we got in private moments 
 Because lies are our opponents 
 Forget material or superficial stuff 
 I either let you know too much or not enough 
 This is to the woman who I loved but lost 
 Intertwined souls of the universe got divorced 
 But it wasn't forced. got single thoughts 
 Of being double crossed, still there's no love lost. There's no love lost 
 I can't pretend this. The impact on my life has been tremendous 
 It can't be fixed with a friendly kiss 
 What's endless? 
 Questions, pain, grief and misbelief? 
 I'm so faithful all I grind is my teeth 
 But what I find beneath the surface has changed from priceless to worthless 
 This three ring circus of clowning around is what hurts us 
 My brain short circuits as my mind starts to wander 
 To discover another lover. I'm isolated, living somber 
 She's whispering "come hither from there yonder" 
 I don't think I wanna. The pressure ain't gettin' lesser 
 Open my dresser... it overflows with memorabilia 
 Momentos of our success now symbolize my failure 
 I took time to write you diaries when we couldn't speak much 
 According to you that was a weak touch 
 Cause "actions speak louder than words." Turn up your hearing aid 
 You made this man afraid. Put the pin back in the hand grenade 
 There's not much time left till I'm left with nothing but a broken promise 
 While every syllable I said was spoken honest 
 We expected each other to be a physic mind reader 
 Don't tell me "life goes on." I need her... 
 Next to me... 
 So once again I can feel the high of ecstasy... 
 We tripped... walking down the aisle of destiny 
 Respectful sexually, because see... I understood 
 And I don't know too many people who would 
 Have done anything to get a laugh from their better half 
 I should have sensed it sooner... when you lost your sense of humor 
 Now let my soul speak, I couldn't eat for a whole week 
 With no sleep. The price I pay for being a control freak 
 Now I'm screaming inside my pillow instead of dreaming 
 I must have said "I love you" so much that it lost it's meaning 
 But no one's perfect, so where's my chance to make adjustments? 
 It's worth it... if our romance had substance 
 Because with purity we conceived marriage 
 Till insecurity caused a miscarriage 
 This is to the woman who I loved but lost 
 Intertwined souls of the universe got divorced 
 But it wasn't forced. got single thoughts of being double crossed... 
 I was in it for the long run 
 Now who's the weak and the strong one? 
 I tried to be Mr. Right, though things were wrongly done 
 But ummmm... When it was time for sacrifice 
 Straight up, you didn't have to ask me twice 
 I put off this rap device 
 I wasn't ACTING nice, all my feelings they were genuine 
 You got me open and I let you in 
 But now you're screaming bloody murder. Used the entrance as the exit 
 Now you're abscent like my mind, I'm on a head trip 
 You never said shit. Used then misused the entrance 
 And never let me get in one sentence 
 Forget friends... you were my best one 
 Now I'm depressed, son. It didn't take long for the stress to come 
 Memories be my arch nemesis 
 As I sit and reminisce, wondering if you remember this: 
 Our genesis. First experiences on old dates 
 Got cold shakes and tingles, never single, we were soulmates 
 That term used to hold weight but now it's temporary 
 And lately I've been making trips to the cemetery 
 Ain't nothing evil in death, but this feels devilish 
 I'd never wish this on my worst enemy 
 Remember me