My popularitys on the ri-ise.my self-image is somewhat 
 Sinking 
 My heads expanding in size but my stomachs shrinking 
 It all evens out in the end that's what I'm thinking 
 Sing the cashregister raps ch-ching ching.green backs bring the bling bling 
 Na na I may stay home.rev got the ring ring ha ha hey hey poem 
 While my answering machine screening calls.hailing safe and alone 
 I want change in your message not the coin return of a payphone 
 My boys are concerned that my brains blown 
 Voices get turned away annoyed with what they say 
 If it's a gay tone 'n' they like "hey ho!" then I'm all like "hey yo..." 
 Few remain prone to spray straight shots with blood stained glocks 
 N a face of stone to melt your ice grill it might spill! 
 N break ya bone. thugs-in-harmony CD presenting tape should own 
 Replace the thrown with some non-prophets drop bass on 
 Sage is know to pull your card kid so chill 
 I mess up plans like robbers with no skill 
 My only knowledge is the holy father so thrilled 
 That you don't know still what god is making martyrs outta molehills 
 Now if your soul is fulfilled holed your dills 
 N realize you're never satisfied till after you die from overkill 
 I'm from placiboville but we know the drill 
 Obscene is so ill but wait for the nurse to leave so I can throw the pill... 
 I am not sick! demeneted or listed as twisted bitch 
 What's up with this kid 
 Some insisted that I'm interested in running from the facts whispered 
 In a mating call that get a busy signal from a number that's unlisted 
 Lumberjacks are gifted.when I swung the axe it slid 
 Out of my grasp 'n' injured this invalid, invalid 
 Toss-offs toss their cookies while tossing salads 
 I ghost-write the most hype love sonnet 'n' let some whore sing the ballad 
 Ima whore... a whore monger! with a platinum voice 
 Ima whore... a whore monger! 'cause I havent a choice 
 Servin' up this 'cause (s!) echo-freaks need to eat 
 Excrament ain't flauntin rose peddals 
 I breed hard rocks to impregnate stones to grow pebbles 
 I throw kettles at pan-handlers 'n' pot-smokers 
 Sell insest to sexually repressed stockbrokers 
 I turn impetant pimps to sex slaves 
 Manifest them with radio activity from x-rays 
 I bootleg their skeletons the next day 
 Son you can sense my dark mood once the sky gets gray 
 Little kids r like "lets play!haha." not right then 
 Tell them to act like men then I'll fight them 
 Let 'em hit me first then be like "strike again!" 
 Then it's my turn to see how far the limbs of little tykes bend 
 I tied 'em up, with burlap rope. "word?that's dope." 
 Manhandled the girl that lacked hope 'n' her back broke 
 She preferred crack cocain. the heroin needed heroin never again 
 Ladies 'n' gentlelele gentlelele gentlelele... 
 I'm from a species of zsars through the deep seas 'n' stars 
 Everything I do is important so I save my feces in jars 
 N what I eat seems bizarr I deep-freeze 'n' thaw 
 Emcees who ain't down by the gravities of law 
 Now these anologies ain't raw 
 But when you secretly serve this well-done y'all then become casualties of war 
 Just call me francis allah n I was flattered 
 'Cause I ghost-wrote the most dope love sonnet let dumb harlet sung the ballad 
 ...And I havent a choice 'n' if ya snatches ain't moist just 
 Sing-a-long c'mon 
 La la laaaaa. la la la laaaa la la la la la 
 La la laaaaa. la la la la la la lala la la.