(They wanna see alot of me) 
 So I hate when I talk to my boy from penn and he aks 
 Like "'cause you've forgotten me" 
 I ain't got time to shit, let alone come check you blood. 
 You Know I'm Hot property, I got property. Right now I'm in Europe fucking up shit more than the economy. 
 So when you land you know I got you properly 
 Chrous: 
 I bring my people through anything I do 
 You reppin' me? I fuck with you 
 If You A snitching little bitch and love singing to the blues 
 What If this song wasn't made for you? 
 I'm comin', I'm Comin' For you x2 
 Fuck So good make a bitch wanna fight me 
 Wanna rolex ring Wiley, when I was a bum 
 Nobody really liked me, now its time for someone to go get a new job for 
 Tinie 
 I'm only playing, I'm just saying my shits so hard I'm constipated 
 Overworked, underrated, now my thing poppin' off no gun relation 
 On my grind eyyday no roller bladin' 
 All eyes on Moi, Holla Baby 
 No Love of the X, on that note T tell Kelly I got that motivation 
 Look, I beg someone try find Max Online Let her know I wanna smash her from the back 
 If not Sarah Jane can come give me brain and put them red lips on my sack. 
 Aww I been killin'; it caz I've been gettin' bread 
 Hard Doh, Number 1s all day on a chart show 
 So fuck You and your 90 track mixtape 
 That's a million bars of arsehole 
 My bars errect and it opens legs its flyer than a motha' fukin' Jumbo Jet 
 What a selfish bastard no respect you know Dapps? 
 NoRegrets, I still Roll for my hood 
 And wear my chain 
 Fuck a top boy Scorcher and Bashy can't do the same 
 Real reconize Real, how many albums have you sold to date 
 I ain't saying I'm Wayne Or Kanye, But I'm living life on a runway 
 If You 9 I'd be like welcome on bored my brudda 
 Say bye to the gun plain 
 I'm King Of the jungle hard as can be 
 I dare you let your chick party with me 
 I'm Tarzan and I'm hung like a tree 
 Imagion If your newborn pops out lookin' exzactly like Moi 
 'Cause I'm on the tour bus getting pamperd 
 I heard Simon Cowell thinks I'm a lil wanker 
 And I'm getting on his tits like cancer 
 And I don't wanna start mentioning names 
 Fuck It, where they all now the're bankrupt 
 Joe Mac Eldry AW what a stand up. 
 Alexandra Pull your socks up 
 Where your Hits, You ain't no winner 
 I feel bad cause your voice is amazing but 
 Your career is getting raped by a (Free) Mason 
 That Shit Fucking Upsets Me 'cause they don't get me 
 Try bring them near me 
 Comin' Around with their hands out asking for a handout 
 Aw that's too political 
 I don't care about a bently, gucci or fently 
 Man's livin' in a spaceship 
 You got claped by (BANG) Your girl got magged (BANG) by that smooth criminal 
 I'm A product of my environment 
 I ain't saying me and you are any different I'm just planning an early retirement 
 I don't mind sorry if I sound like Kingston 
 Every man's welcome to fly long distance we be 
 On a beach with weed man, Winston? Winston? 
 Pshh I'm the crayzist thing out of the Uk 
 I bring my people through anything I do 
 You reppin' me? I fuck with you 
 If You A snitching little bitch and love singing to the blues 
 What If this song wasn't made for you? 
 I'm comin', I'm Comin' For you x2