Doctor Dre, do you remember you was broke 
 And the whole rap industry thought ya was a joke? 
 Me, D.O.C., and D.O.G., sat and made 
 Lyrics to replenish your name like Gatorade 
 But you got thirsty for the money! Punk 
 And disrespect the three that put ya back up on it 
 Always talkin' bout, your word good as gold 
 Wash, fold, put it out to dry, cause you lie 
 I put that on my momma and my mate 
 And if I'm makin' this up, let my momma head lay 
 So fool you know I'm comin' on the rizzeal 
 The way you played me, you deserve a smack to Brazil 
 ILL, the way you played your brother Warren G 
 You best to check yourself, next time you talk about Ea-zy 
 ?Stip Wometn? the new Jerry Heller 
 Dre's the company, so to me, he like Eazy 
 Snoop D-O-G, is like the old D.O.C. 
 Puttin' all work, gettin' all jerked 
 Does that make me Ice Cube of the place, Steady Mobbin 
 While Dre (Death Row) steady robbin? Oh 
 And what, fool, steady squabbin? 
 Dogg Pound givin' doubled up on lumps 
 So here you feel froggy jumps when I rear back 
 Compact glock forty glock dumps 
 BLAOW, how you like me now? 
 But it ain't Moe Dee it's me, the X 
 Now rated RBX, and yo 
 If you didn't know, escape from Death Row 
 Remember me step in, execution 
 Remember me I have no remorse 
 Remember me I'm high, powered 
 Remember me I drop bombs like Hiroshima! 
 (RBX is A.W.O.L.) I drop bombs like Hiroshima! [x2] 
 Cutting and scratching of Notorious B.I.G.'s "Juicy": 
 'And if ya don't know... and if ya... 
 And if ya don't know, now you know, nigga' 
 I killed him too quick to fuckin' think about it 
 RBXtra, Xtra, read about it 
 Tell me what ya thought fool, huh, what? 
 Now I'm pissed off in all black in the cut 
 Fool walks by, eh-heh, BOOM! 
 Cops said I killed him but they can only assume 
 Never found no damn murder weapon, I'm steppin 
 X, X, the X 
 X-con, X-ecution, X mark the spot 
 Flip it around, and the mark gets shot 
 And I'm gon take it out with this light it's mighty 
 Across your face, you see the red lights 
 Now you ain't got no face no more 
 Bullet, rip that body, tore, collapse 
 Then I kick the tricky raps 
 X, Xtra, Xtra X-termination 
 Here is the presentation 
 Haven't you ever heard of a killer? 
 Killer killer illa, like Magilla Gorilla illa 
 Then deadly medly murder with a pen 
 And you can't cross out a X, nigga 
 Got my itchy itchy finger on the trigga 
 BUST, bodybag, and crush 
 Trust, flush, down the toilet 
 In other words you ain't shit 
 You be talkin' that ill, you ain't a killa for real, really doe 
 I know, and now I let you know (busta!) 
 RBX is A.W.O.L., escape from Death Row 
 Remember me step in, execution 
 Remember me I have no remorse 
 Remember me I'm high, powered 
 Remember me I drop bombs like Hiroshima! 
 (RBX is A.W.O.L.) I drop bombs like Hiroshima! [x2] 
 Cutting and scratching of Notorious B.I.G.'s "Juicy": 
 'And if ya don't know... and if ya... 
 And if ya don't know, now you know, nigga'