(Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. from I Have a Dream speech: *scratches* ...will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual, "Free at last! free at last! thank God Almighty, we are free at last!") 
 It feels so good to be free, it feels so good to be free at last (x4) 
 Free at last were the words that were used by Martin 
 I didn't understand it then but now that I'm startin' 
 To really get the message and the meaning behind that 
 Put two and two together now I see just where I'm at 
 A young black brotha in a world that's vickin' 
 They hypnotizin', tamin' and trickin' 
 Really and truly, I don't understand it 
 But it's runnin' so smooth, I guess somebody planned it 
 I'll admit, I've done it all, I've sold and stolen 
 Hung with brothas high-post rollin' 
 Made it with ladies, visiting clinics 
 There's nothing really left, homeboy, I'm finished 
 Now every hustler's dream is just a smooth way out 
 Another chance to see what life is really about 
 See, the cash is cool, a place to spend there's sure to be 
 But what you really want in life is soul security 
 I'm saying that to say this, I looked at my past 
 And man, I'm gettin' juiced, because I'm free at last 
 It feels so good to be free, it feels so good to be free at last (x4) 
 Man, I had to leave the city but I love the Town 
 You see, the brothas in the O, they don't mess around 
 We've got a demon called jealousy that's oh so cold 
 Brothas comin' up dead at 19-years-old 
 The police brutality's gotten way out of hand 
 I know the streets are full of dope but I'm not the man 
 I'm just a brotha wit' a dream to straight rock mics 
 Hit platinum charts with lyrics way too tight 
 See, more and more families startin' to fall apart 
 Young girls havin' babies don't know where to start 
 And my brothas all locked in the game of dope 
 Would rather kill each other up instead of climbin' the rope 
 To success, and things far greater than that 
 A life not threatened with knives and gats 
 Peek it out, homeboy, I'm cool on livin' fast 
 The ultimate alternative: be free at last 
 It feels so good to be free, it feels so good to be free at last (x4) 
 You see, my mom used to worry, and so did my aunts 
 And in my very own way, I guess I used to haunt them 
 But I wasn't trippin', cash was the virtue 
 And over and over, they say someone's gonna hurt you. 
 Some years went by, but nothin' had changed 
 And moms would always mumble, boy, you're wasting your brain. 
 I need a ticket up out, no more saggin' and slangin' 
 Late night posted, dice game's bangin' 
 Stoplight frenzy, endless cappin' 
 One ticket out: straight up rappin' 
 A smooth rhyme soldier, mom's straight smilin' 
 Son on the mic, cold freestylin' 
 Good nights of sleep for friends and relatives 
 No more cop harassment now that a fella gives 
 All respect to the Lord who made it possible 
 'Cause now I'm on track, I'm rhymin', I'm unstoppable 
 To be a young brotha rhymin' ain't much to ask 
 Peace world, because I'm free at last 
 It feels so good to be free, it feels so good to be free at last (x7) 
 (Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr.: Let freedom ring...*scratched*...from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. From every mountainside, let freedom ring. And when this happens, when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day when all of God's children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual, "Free at last! free at last! thank God Almighty, we are free at last!" *applause*)