(Feat. Rick James) 
 (Verse One: Rick James) 
 Ooh yeah 
 Girl, you're cute (cute), you're sweet (sweet) 
 You're a such a sexy treat, child 
 You are the girl that turns me on, yeah 
 And when you're hot (hot), you're hot (hot) 
 I love the stuff you got, yeah 
 You are the kinky girl I write about in every song 
 Doom doo dah, doo dah, do-doo-dah, do-doo-doo-dah 
 Doo doo bump em, baby 
 Doom doo dah, don't be so hard to get, yeah 
 Doom doo dah, doo dah, do-doo-dah, do-doo-doo-dah 
 Doo doo bump em, baby 
 Doom doo dah, don't be so hard to get, yeah 
 Doom doo dah, doo dah, do-doo-dah, do-doo-doo-dah 
 Doo doo bump em, baby 
 Doom doo dah, 'cause I will get you yet 
 (Chorus: Rick James) 
 Baby, what's your phone number? 
 Don't be so hard to get, baby, baby, bay-by 
 (Repeat) 
 (Verse Two: Richie Rich) 
 A cat like me, love to stack, man 
 Though my thoughts be to page a black girl 
 Hands on boots if it's after 2 
 Fall through, watch what I do to you 
 Miss the rest, known as the Rich 
 Heavy in the game but swift, hold a bitch 
 Time to take the party to another lev' 
 Tonight boss ball with some real celebs 
 We drink old XO, safe sex so 
 The VIP need it all for a G 
 Spin my chips on somethin' devine 
 Like *?Heer 2's?* and *?fuse?*, but what in the news 
 We all pimpin', fall apart, no starts 
 E'rybody pimpin' but mackin is an art 
 Like Picasso, my philoso-phy 
 Be's the mo' hoes, mo' cheese 
 (Bridge: Rick James) 
 You keep on runnin', baby 
 Why you runnin', baby? 
 Stop your runnin', yeah 
 You keep on runnin', baby 
 Why you runnin', baby? 
 Don't be so hard to get 
 Girl, don't be hard to get 
 Girl, don't be hard to get 
 (Verse Three: Richie Rich) 
 Poppin' my collar, met her at the bar 
 Shootin her ship, tryin' to put her in the car 
 No bites but, shit, a nigga got bait 
 I push to win it, most niggas ride 8's 
 V-Dub's, Mary Jane like my cousin 
 Keep that bitch close by for the high 
 The real niggas often do real things 
 Like floss on tracks with Quik and Rick James 
 (Chorus/Outro: Rick James, (Richie Rich)) 
 Baby, what's your phone number? 
 (Ha ha ha, And it's on, understand me?) 
 Don't be so hard to get, baby, baby, bay-by 
 (Check this out what's it like?) 
 Baby, what's your phone number? 
 (Baby, excuse me, eh hello? You dropped somethin') 
 Don't be so hard to get 
 (Let me pick up this conversation, understand me?) 
 Baby, what's your name? 
 (Get into some real mack shit) 
 What's your phone number? Baby, baby, bay-by 
 (You already know, Quik, Rick James, come out the house) 
 Baby, what's your name? 
 (It's was freaky, ha ha ha, we gots ta put it down right now) 
 What's your phone number? Yeah 
 (In effect, y'know?) 
 Don't be so hard to get 
 (We out there playin' hard to get, y'know we gonna be bumpin) 
 Ooh girl, don't be so hard to get 
 (Wanna fool with a real player? Understand me?) 
 Don't be so hard to get 
 (Let's take a look at it) 
 Don't be SO hard to get, oh, yeah 
 (When you ask such a big question then you're lookin' for some big 
 Answers) 
 Baby, I know you're sweet, you know I'm sick 
 Just be my super freak 
 I said baby, don't be so tight 
 We know you're freakin just like, DJ Quik, hehehah 
 Baby, don't be so hard, don't be so loose 
 Don't be so tight, don't be so black 
 Don't be so red, don't be so white 
 Don't be so tight, blow daddy