Man: Ay, Loc, man, what's up with your sister? 
 D-Loc: Man, what you mean 'what's up with my sister?' You better be talkin' about that rap thang, potna 
 RR: The man said, 'what's up with your sister.' She's just rappin', potna. That's it 
 Man: What's really goin' on, though? 
 RR: She just rap. That's what's really goin' on: straight rap. You know what I'm sayin'? She's not for you 
 Man: Don't trip 
 RR: She's rappin' 
 D-Loc: Ay, peek this though; skip all the bull. Ay, let her come tight real quick, Rich, with this intermission thang, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 RR: You think she can do it? All right. Come on, Lady Ace, let's do this 
 (Lady Ace) 
 Yo, the Mistress of Ceremonies, comin' through on the set and I suggest you request for the best 
 But if that ain't it, you can get back and sit down 
 And set your mind on the most legit 
 Oh, I'm too much... you can't handle me 
 And I'm treacherous, I'll put you in misery 
 But if you wanna hear a definition, of me that says it all, A-W-E-S-O-M-E 
 The formula I use is called Ace-in' 
 It's not wack, no, it's straight amazin' 
 Comin' to you and the price is right 
 I invite you tonight to set your eyes on the fight 
 But no, there will be none of that allowed 
 We got the mics, the beat, the rhyme, all we need is the crowd 
 To get pumped, which shouldn't be hard to do 
 Just listen to the beats that I serve to you 
 It's like a bit of icing gettin' put on the cake that I bake 
 When shake yo' thang to celebrate 
 The moments that I bring to you so sincere, my dear 
 Here to cheer you on ear to ear 
 So devastating, I am the Ace in your face 
 Jammin' hard, always, rockin' the bass in the place 
 Suckaz, talkin' all that mess 
 About what they have and about them being the best 
 Well, that's bull and I'm the Lady Ace, so tell it 
 You thought you was better, but by now, it's obvious that you're weak, girl 
 You need to give it up 
 And if you write another rap, go 'head and tear it up 
 Because, it ain't about all that old school business 
 The new school's comin' up and I'm comin' wit' it 
 Your turn on the radio, you hear it here from me 
 You look on the charts, passing you is me you see 
 You said that you're sick of hearing my name all around 
 Because you know I'm comin' up and your name's goin' down 
 Now, I know what time it is, so you don't seem to know 
 It's obvious you're feelin' stupid so I think that you should go