D-Loc: Yo, Rich, man, what's up? 
 RR: I can't call it. What's up? 
 D-Loc: Peep this, man. We done been so hyped on this teenage life, we ain't been trippin' off the real hype 
 RR: Well, it's like this, man; every time I get ready to step out into the real world, the hype be so deep, I have to just step back off, you know? 
 D-Loc: Well, man, I got a little somethin' I wanna tell these people 
 RR: Well, it's like this: I got your back. Spit it when you ready 
 D-Loc: Ay, I'm ready 
 (D-Loc) 
 All I wanna know is what's really happenin' 
 So put it to me straight and stop kickin' it backwards 
 The paper takes things out of shape and proportion 
 So never trust the news or a TV reporter 
 We all heard the story of the young black soldiers 
 Missing in action is what the media told us 
 But think for a second, it's your brain that they're wreckin' 
 Who sent us on a mission so unpleasant? 
 Lookin' down on a brotherman, the other man's scam 
 To keep us in a daze, and never understand what's really goin' on 
 So me and Richie Rich wrote a song and we called it the Media Hype 
 (Richie Rich) 
 The Media Hype is a song, we composed it 
 Black for black, stay strong, we'll expose it 
 Reporters only say what they are paid to say 
 So for the truth, we have find another way to play 
 The game that they are playing with minds of the nation 
 We have to slow the flow of the false information 
 A black man found dead? And it's been stated if he's carrying a pager, well, it's drug-related 
 The news only televises black destruction 
 Turf wars, drugs and self-corruption 
 See, I ain't really with that, 'cause that ain't all that's goin' on 
 You know what I'm sayin', homes? 
 What about the brothas who stand for somethin'? And they are ample 
 Pause for a moment and peep the example 
 George Washington Carver, a brilliant black man 
 Martin Luther was a brotha with a plan 
 Tony Brown, who's strong and in existence 
 Jesse Owens, athletic, he ran the distance 
 Too many to mention, and yo, they can't handle, though 
 Strong people such as Maya Angelou 
 I'm tired of the way we're being stereotyped 
 So why I'm kickin' the Media Hype 
 (D-Loc) 
 Another situation by me being a black man 
 They formed an organization called Ku Klux Klan 
 They programmed themselves to watch us fail 
 But we're the youth of today, so make way 
 Instead of giving us a chance or helping with us plans, no 
 You'd rather see me in a cage like an animal 
 The year is '90, so peace and unity is what I want to see in my community 
 Don't let the good things fool ya, D-Loc is here to school ya 
 Before my rhyme is over, you shall know, that's the Media Hype 
 (Richie Rich) 
 Get it straight from the gate, I drink Ol' 8 
 Brothas wanna kick it, but now it's too late 
 Studio sessions have fully hyped it 
 I shook it right off when they stereotyped it 
 The media clique, you know, the evildoers 
 The big bad wolfs, not the yayers, but the booers 
 The punks with the hookup to kill at will 
 The ones who pump up the fake and hold back the real 
 It's astonishing how the media does this 
 Stun you with a gun and then, 'Who was this?' 
 That taxed your record, or maybe held down the publishing 
 To put it in short, they stopped you from bubbling up 
 In an industry of millions 
 And treated you like penny-ante punk civilians 
 An innocent man awaits trial 
 He's on lockdown for a charge that was foul 
 All in an effort to get stripes 
 Now that's the hype, plus the stereotype 
 RR: You know what I'm sayin'? 
 D-Loc: Brotha, I understood every word 
 RR: It's like this, man; the media hype is wrong, man. You oughta read what they print in the paper about these brothas, man 
 D-Loc: Ay, man, I know what's going on. Tell me this: how come when a brotha get killed, the media can't let him rest in peace, huh? 
 RR: I don't know, man. Like I said, man; it's the media hype, we've been stereotyped, and that's why we kick this, you know? 
 D-Loc: So I wanna send a peace out across the nation 
 RR: To everybody, from the 415