(Feat. 2Pac) 
 Ah, me and my nigga 2Pac 
 Finna do what we do 
 Understand this 
 'Cause it's way understandable 
 Niggas done changed, main 
 You know they done changed, they done changed! 
 Check this out 
 (Richie Rich) 
 A tisket a tasket, my callico made to blast it 
 And niggas don't make it home, when fuckin' with my dome 
 In my zone, niggas be gettin' pepper sprayed down 
 Drinkin' with all the boys done got that heffer laid down 
 And it hurts, but don't nothin' change, it's all the same 
 That's why I come real 'cause I'm so heavy off in this game 
 I been there, been taught that, niggas screamin' "Caught that!" 
 Standin' there with them niggas a hand fulla game and believe he bought 
 That 
 Niggas here, the game is to be sold not told 
 Ain't no new jack nigga just gon' jump in this ol' shit, and ride on gold 
 Unh-uh, naw, nigga gotta pay some dues 
 Nigga gotta feel some blues 
 See what it feel like to lose 
 200 bundles, 400 bundles, fuck it, a G 
 'Bout to cook shop, find out you really ain't got no d 
 You's imaginin' shit, and havin' money punk is real 
 Don't be the first to get checked 
 Nigga betta retrospect 
 (2pac) 
 No more regular rappin' 
 Dare me to cap 'em and watch me blast 
 These niggas be actin' for the simple fact, playa I'm'a mash 
 I lash on my enemies for multiple centuries 
 Forcin' my adversaries to bleed when they seein' me 
 Though east coast born, I'm west coast raised 
 Sent so much dick throughout the click that now they Deathrow slaves 
 Father forgive me for thug livin', I'm through with this drug dealin' 
 I leave with the click and all the niggas that love prison 
 Brothas be ballin', bitch if need me, call 
 I open fire on muthafuckas and murder 'em all 
 Me Mr. Makaveli, plus I'm bustin' fuck what they tell me 
 I'm makin' these niggas hop on they toes, it happen daily 
 I been shot and murdered, can tell you how it happened word for word 
 But best believe, that niggas gon' get what they deserve 
 In the same way, God bless my breakas game pays 
 Gettin' cash and ass for days 
 Now niggas done changed 
 (Chorus: Richie Rich and 2pac) 
 The game is to be sold, not told 
 Still heavy in this game 
 Niggas done changed, it ain't the same 
 We been handlin' our business for years 
 Gettin' respect from all our peers 
 While most of our niggas incarcerated, doin' years 
 Bitches is tricky, niggas is snitchy 
 While playas improve and move positions 
 Niggas done changed 
 (Richie Rich) 
 Call on my real nigga, when it's time to bring the heat 
 Suburban's servin' hella deep down your street 
 Leave your trash can 'cause it'll be clean when we sweep 
 Let's duff these niggas and hit they ass with some heat 
 Blow they chest up, 'cause they hatin' and segregatin' 
 Niggas crossin' lanes, it's time to blow your brains 
 Before I shot this nigga, I heard him scream one love (ONE LOVE!) 
 Fifteen in the clip, I only used one slug 
 (2pac) 
 Hey! Now picture me rollin' 
 Biggie Smalls got his eyes swollen 
 My hands on my nuts, I gives a fuck, I'ma die holdin' 'em 
 Makin' these hoes pause, while schemin' on no drawers' 
 No money and ball, down to pussy, dick, and alcohol 
 Picture me rollin' (what) corny hoes get they holes dug 
 I might show 'em thug passion but I'll never show 'em love 
 Can't hit me in combat, relentless when I ride 
 Strategize on my enemies, plottin' till they die 
 Ask me why I'm high, and my reply "Till the day I die" 
 Don't wanna picture this cold world through sober eyes 
 Thugs don't die we multiply 
 Connect with the spirits of fallen homies and bustas, then we ride 
 Suprise niggas when they seen us, they duck down 
 (Hahahaha) 'cause we anticipated endo and bust rounds 
 Fuckin' clowns still watchin' clips of I Get Around 
 Scream like a bitch when I beat 'em down 
 Niggas done changed 
 (Outro: Richie Rich and 2pac) 
 And they still changin'. 
 Understand what I'm sayin'? 
 I don't understand that. 
 Niggas done changed, muthafuckas gettin' 60 years for some bullshit. 
 Nigga, naw what I mean? 
 Niggas done changed. 
 Ah, glad to have you back. 
 That's right big buddy, 'cause we ain't gon' never change. 
 They my homie for a second but these muthafuckas ain't gonna never hold me 
 Down, baby. 
 Check this out. 
 Thug life, baby. 
 Fo' sho'. Me and 'Pac. 
 Now we got muthafuckas in the house, fool. 
 With the nigga Rick Rock.