I'm shootin' this one to the real pimps man. 
 I'm talkin' 'bout the real muthafuckin' pimps man 
 Not them chili bowl pimps man sittin' up in the cafe 
 Tryin' to watch they hoes man make 20 or 30 dollars man. 
 I'm sendin' this to the real pimps. 'Cause believe it man 
 Double 'R' ain't just out here flossin' no shit man I'm out here 
 Flossin' about my pimpin' too man. 'Bout my pimpin' too! 
 And if you want to holler 
 Pimps cuff yo' coller. 
 24 nights off in the jungle 
 Shootouts and stolen bundles 
 Hoes on dick for the phat gold kicks 
 See the bucket the do' don't open 
 So bitch make like the Dukes 
 Or get yo' ass kicked on the fluke 
 Razor sharp and plus a nigga extra sick so check my tip 
 And recognize when you fuckin' with a pimp 
 Metal plates on my nuts so my shit don't scrape 
 Never saved a bitch flying too low to work a cape ridin' 
 Seven Deuce no juice and quick to cut a bitch loose 
 Unless that hoe payin' like she weighin' 
 On a good day she might get to smoke with her folks 
 But like Goldie I keep my hoes broke 
 Believe that a... 
 A real pimp'll slap a bitch down (for sho') 
 A real pimp gon' represent the town (How tough?) 
 To the fullest let her heels fall off 
 'Cause I'ma ride the muthafucka till the wheels fall off 
 (That's right) Believe it 
 A real pimp'll slap a bitch down (Like that?) 
 A real pimp gon' represent the town (How tough?) 
 To the fullest let her heels fall off 
 'Cause I'ma ride the muthafucka till the wheels fall off 
 I'm all seasons rain, sleet or even snow 
 About mine quick to put a jacket on a hoe 
 Oh you cold now I'm going to get some hot cocoa 
 And when I slide back through bitch have my dough 
 I'll set the bunnies out and let them hop for scratch 
 And if they jump too far it's Operation Beat a Batch 
 Choke a bitch down and let her tonsils know 
 It ain't about us nuh uh it's just me and this hoe 
 This is my money man so let me uh bring it back 
 Squashed the shit flipped the fit 
 And dropped her off on the track 
 I gots to have it plus I need it 
 And I'm walkin' with a limp 'cause nigga I'm a real pimp 
 Remember... 
 A real pimp'll break a bitch down (that's right) 
 A real pimp gon' represent his town (How tough?) 
 To the fullest let her heels fall off 
 'Cause I'ma ride the muthafucka till the wheels fall off 
 Believe it 
 A real pimp gon' break a bitch down (for sho') 
 A real pimp gon' represent his town (How tough?) 
 To the fullest let her heels fall off 
 'Cause I'ma ride the muthafucka till the wheels fall off 
 Now everything I own nigga is on a bitch 
 Lexus coupe I traded in my Beritz 
 Dedication to pimps and all playas stay up 
 And though you be the reason all these tricks lay up 
 That bitch laid up for yo' clothes diamonds yo' wallets 
 Them hoes bringin' jewels wallets 
 And Remy don't you get juiced 'cause this game is so heavy 
 I got 9 hoes all fine hoes 
 And if you got the buck they be ready to fuck 
 You say a small stable bet my hoes is able 
 To flip as many tricks as crews twice as thick 
 So if you ask me I'm screamin' tax free 
 Nigga, & pimpin' and hoein' is the best thing going 
 You ain't knowing I bootleg them cute legs 
 On the major plus spits raps and busts caps 
 So if ya daughter kinda thick keep her off of the track (ha ha) 
 Send her to the store I bet she don't come back 
 'Cause a... 
 A real pimp'll knock a bitch down (that's right) 
 A real pimp gon' represent his town (How tough?) 
 To the fullest let her heels fall off 
 'Cause I'ma ride the muthafucka till the wheels fall off 
 And a... 
 A real pimp'll knock a bitch down (for sho') 
 A real pimp gon' represent his town (How tough?) 
 To the fullest let her heels fall off 
 'Cause I'ma ride the muthafucka till the wheels fall off 
 Nigga 
 Female voice with (RR overlapping): 
 Hey baby you wanna go out? You wanna go out honey? 
 Spend a little of ya money, come here cutie hey come here 
 (A real pimp) (Hoes down) 
 Did you here what I said I said come here. Come here daddy 
 Ooh you look so good 
 (RR) 
 Always on a bitch, courtesy of... 
 This that real pimp shit nigga ah this ain't no chili bowl pimpin' 
 Over here nigga this real pimp shit nigga on a bitch everythang luxury 
 Courtesy of nigga. I had a bad super bad bitch. 
 Call the bitch Boomerang, (Chorus overlaps) 
 Anytime I sent that hoe. Bitch come rit (right) back 
 Y'understand what I mean. You know how it go. 
 A real pimp'll knock a bitch down and a 
 Real pimp'll represent his town 
 So tough I'll make the heels fall off 
 'Cause I'ma ride the muthafucka till the wheels fall off 
 And a we gon' sign off like that once again we gon' tell you 
 Motherfuckers to pump yo' brakes check ya fluid in ya 
 Master cylinder. 'Cause you might fuck around and run up 
 Against some shit you ain't even ready to fuck with. (ha ha) 
 It's like uh Martini and Flossi "We shall sell no rhyme, before it's 
 Time," 
 On a bitch!