It's time to bust one, to get the people pumped 
 It's the 90s, the season of the Humpty Hump 
 Summer's almost here, so ay, it's time to do it 
 The man on the mic is Richie Rich, I thought you knew it 
 Summertime, a time to cool it with the ladies 
 The beaches are on, brothas strikin' the Mercedes 
 Lots of ladies love me and a few that you can get with 
 Come along to Richie Rich's picnic 
 The Picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 Come on to Richie Rich picnic 
 It's the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 Come on, everybody let's go to the picnic 
 The Richie Rich picnic 
 Give it up, give it up, we're going to the picnic 
 The Richie Rich picnic 
 Now at the picnic, there'll be lots of food 
 And some drink as well to get the ladies in the mood 
 We're just chillin', though, you know, no violence 
 We're all in a park so who cares about silence 
 Loungin', you know what I'm sayin'? 
 My potna Kirk, he's at the keyboards playin' 
 And it's on, we've got the barbecue 
 And the field setup for a game of horseshoe 
 Or some Frisbee, or catch, more maybe even football 
 I threw the picnic just for that reason, so would y'all 
 Get busy with me one time on the one 
 Daryl, count it off, it's time to have some fun 
 At the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 We're eatin' barbecue, man, we're gonna go 
 At the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 Come on, grab a girl and just bring her 
 To the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 We ain't trippin', just kickin' it, man 
 We're at the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 And you know it's like this 
 The picnic's hot, it's movin', it's happenin' 
 My guest goin' soon, hit the mic and start rappin' 
 His name's H.M., but you can call him The Hype 
 He gets juiced, and he's just that type 
 For my picnic, to move the crowd with a stogie 
 Some danger to the ranger, this basket's for Yogi 
 I'm firin' it off now for a bite to eat 
 So, yo, H.M, give the picnic a peek 
 ((H.M. the Hype Man)) 
 It's the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 Come on, yeah. (What's uuuppp?) 
 The picnic, the Richie Rich picnic; come on, come on, come on (repeat 3x) 
 (Talking over chorus: It's yo potna, the Hype Man. I'm on my way to the picnic, you know what I'm sayin'? I'm gettin' 
 Closer and closer. The closer I get, I hear the music. I feel the hype. I'm fixin' to get busy, you know what I'm sayin'?) 
 ((H.M. the Hype Man)) 
 It's the Hype Man, I need a girlie to get wit' 
 So I'mma strike straight to the picnic 
 And kick it tough, like my potna said 
 To lounge with Richie Rich and young JED 
 At the picnic, the girlies are movin' 
 I'm The Hype, and I keep on groovin' 
 Just a freestyle, I need a girl to get wit' 
 What's uuuppp... with the Richie Rich picnic? 
 I'm straight loungin', man, I'm gettin' hype 
 Just on the strength, I'm just that type 
 I get to rappin', I got a girl, now I'm rollin' 
 Just on strength, the hype keeps controllin' 
 The mic, and people say I get crazy 
 I don't trip, I don't let words phase me 
 I'm hyped, and I got my girl, I'm leavin' 
 Peek it out, no tricks up my sleeve and 
 What's up, is a code I use 
 I never trip, I never blow a fuse 
 Because I strike, when I peek a mic 
 The picnic's on and I'm so damn hype 
 It's summertime, and man I'm juiced 
 Straight on the grass about to get loose 
 With the football, the Frisbee, and even a kite 
 The Hype Man, he's 'bout to do it right 
 At the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 What's uuuppp? We're on our way to the picnic 
 The Richie Rich picnic, come on, come on, come on 
 Everybody's at the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 Come on, come on, come on 
 Everybody's at the picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 The Hype Man, he's kickin' it at 
 The picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 And Richie Rich is kickin' it, man 
 At his picnic, the Richie Rich picnic 
 Come on, come on, come on 
 It's just a picnic, a Richie Rich picnic 
 Come on, come on, come on 
 Everybody let's come to the picnic 
 The Richie Rich picnic 
 Peace, we up outta here