(Ghostface) 
 What's happenin'? (Love was never born to say, goodbye.) What's happenin'? 
 (Love was never born to say, goodbye.) Yo, yeah! 
 (Smokin'.) Yeah. 
 (Just another helpless...) We gotta come smokin'. 
 (Fool in love, is what I am.) This is it. 
 (We smoke, baby.) (Just another helpless...) Another chamber, baby. 
 (Fool in love, is what I am.) Slide y'all in. 
 [Cappadonna] You know how we do! 
 (Raekwon) 
 Yo, what's the deal, Goldielocks? 
 Ain't buttin', I'm just hibernatin', love that watch. 
 Pour me some Scotch and cold Courvesoir out. 
 No doubt, have a chair, Boo, let's get to prolly in. 
 Who you wit? Me and Molly, and some trick from Yugoslavia. 
 What fabric is that? It's only wool 'n' rayon. 
 Lipstick crayon, fly, Veer on ice, spray on. 
 I'm gettin' tipsy, I hope she read cocks like a gypsy, 
 And transport bricks, steal in many fifties. 
 Fuck negotiation, is you wit' me, is you waitin'? 
 Sweet as carrot cake, fakin', plus you don't eat turkey bacon. 
 I don't get down like that, I don't get down neither. 
 Cuban Linx skeezer, why you actin' like a rap teaser? 
 I'm like the jury exchanged, plus arranged. 
 Nigga, you small change, I only fuck with figaro chains. 
 Analyzin' Miss Clairol, fendi down mascara on. 
 Assistant manager in Paragon. 
 (Teddy Pendergrass) 
 Say goodbye... 
 Love was never born to say, goodbye. 
 Love was never born... 
 (Cappadonna) 
 Socializin', vibin' with my eyes on dot. 
 She this book cover lady, that be blowin' up the spot. 
 While my heart was racin', like the hands on the clock. 
 I step live, I think she see me puttin' out the pot. 
 Peace, Dot, I'm so happy to see you at the rendezvous. 
 How's life today? Your hands are softer than Camay, 
 Too, your hairdo - way more class than Halle Berry. 
 Caught visions of me and you ridin' on the ferry. 
 Plus your daughter, Kiki, talk to my man, Merry. 
 I order me a Sex on the Beach, with the cherry. 
 I order her a Vermidi on ice, sounds nice. 
 She elegant, pretty eyes, glasses, intelligent; 
 Whispered in my ear that she's celibate; 
 Whispered back to her ear: we don't have to go there. 
 As I grab the hand, set her politely in the chair. 
 As we stopped to stare at one another. 
 Black sister, the brother, 
 I'm thinkin' all the time how she could be my lover. 
 (Teddy Pendergrass) 
 Just another helpless 
 Fool in love, is what I am. 
 Love was never born to say, goodbye. 
 Love was never born to say, goodbye. 
 Just another helpless 
 Fool in love, is what I... 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 What's happenin', brown sugar? Say, you look so good today. 
 Ankle bracelet wrapped around your leg. 
 Here have a seat, complementary drinks is on me. 
 Bartender Chevalier, chateaux at table three. 
 Luxurious rings, eyes sparkling. 
 What's your name, sugar? Juanita Cash Hawkins. 
 Your complexion gives a reflection of... 
 Sometime a black woman just need to be loved. 
 Quiet and shy, baby girl, my gift got you high. 
 Made you want to hit me with the keys to that file. 
 Just jokin', baby, I have a sharp sense of humor. 
 Wish I woulda bumped into your frame a lot sooner. 
 What's your physical degree, thirty one, thirty three? 
 Half Hawaiian, with a slight touch of Chinese. 
 Seen you workin' at a law firm, on Fifth Avenue; 
 Three blocks from the Gucci spot is where I trapped you. 
 Yo, I'm all into older women, who's happy livin'. 
 Love kids, and keep all up and this in the crib, and 
 Not afraid to doubt, need a God on your side. 
 We holdin' hands till death do us part, and then we slide. 
 Earring in the left side of your nose, love my combo. 
 Should have left wizard thousand times, maybe tonight though, 
 But you sexy mothafucka, damn, what's the recipe? 
 You make a nigga want to... God damn, 
 Can you cook darlin', at the stove you're revolvin'. 
 Bake macaroni, turkey wings, a nigga starvin'. 
 Here, take my number, let me pull the chair from under. 
 I had fun, plus your backyard speak with thunder. 
 (Teddy Pendergrass) 
 Love was never born to say, goodbye. 
 Love was never born to say, goodbye. 
 Love was never born to say, goodbye. 
 Love was never born to say, goodbye. 
 Love was never born to say, goodbye. 
 Just another helpless fool in love, is what I am.