Intro: Raekwon (plus sample of Tony Montana having an argument) 
 Alejandro Sosa: I told you a long time ago, you fucking little monkey, not to fuck me! 
 Tony Montana:Hey, hey who the fuck you think you're talking to huh? You wanna fuck with me? Who the fuck you think I am, your fucking bellboy? Come on, you wanna go to war, we take you to war, okay?' 
 Comin' up on half a mil, we build 
 Get real God, taking you on another one, Son 
 Uh, Julio Iglesias 
 Makin' CREAM like that nigga 
 Verse One: Ghostface Killah 
 Yo, first of all son, peep the arson 
 Many brothers I be sparkin and bustin' mad light inside the dark 
 Call me dough snatcher, just the brother for the rapture 
 I handglide, holdin' on strong, hard to capture 
 Extravagant, RZA bake the track and it's militant 
 Then I react like a convict and start killin' shit 
 It's manifested, the Gods work like appliances 
 Dealin' in my cypher I revolve around science 
 The 9th chamber, leave you trapped inside my hallway 
 You try to flee but you got smoked up by the doorway (blaow! blaow! blaow!) 
 No question, I send your ass back right to the essence 
 Your whole frame is smothered in dirt, now how you restin 
 While I'll be trapped by sounds, locked behind loops 
 Throwin' niggaz off airplanes cause +Cash Rules 
 Everything Around Me+ black, as you can see 
 Swallow this murder one verse like God Degree 
 Then analyze my soundtrack for satisfaction 
 You adapt like a flashback chain reaction 
 Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef 
 Just a minute son... 
 AK's black bust back like seventy Macs 
 I'm all that, street niggaz knowin' my steez black 
 Ron G, you know he coincide with me see 
 Marvelous, Menace fo' Society 
 But anyway, let's toast, champagne thoughts with Ghost 
 I max the most shotguns through the nose 
 Fuck rap, Hip Hop for me off top 
 'Lo wears, and Tommy Hil fly shit with a knot 
 The witty unpredictable live shit, drive by shit 
 Do or die shit, I'll take your life and shit 
 And then you know, I'm runnin' through the penal, foul 
 Four-toothed child was wild 
 The old lady snitched, but fuck it, you know it, one love kid 
 No I'm not doin' a bid 
 Too much to get for what cause six niggaz got 
 Stuck, and the nigga chain was truck 
 Yo fuck that, Criminology rap 
 Speakers stay jet black floatin in the flyest Ac' 
 Nigga... bring it! Yeah... 
 Outro: Raekwon 
 Much love go to New York City 
 All my Tommy Hil' ice rockin' niggaz