(Intro: Raekwon) 
 {I'm tired of them motherfuckers down the block. Every time I come outside, them niggas..} 
 Ayo, some major station radio {aiyo, come on, hurry up} 
 Get the joint, {hurry up, son} 
 Kill all those niggas, man 
 We going Ricky Retardo on them niggas 
 {Everybody just shut the fuck up. I'm tired of using this motherfuckin' grenade right now} 
 What you seen stupid? 
 You don't even know what you talking bout, man 
 You fabricating the wrong shit, man 
 Both of them niggas was stand up niggas, man 
 Niggas went to war! You know how it go 
 In order to be a general, nigga, you still gotta be a soldier (Gotta 
 Kill ya bloodclot) 
 Speak about what happened then, man, for real, fuck it, aiyo -- 
 Check this out, man, what niggas is doing over here, man? 
 (Why you think ya gangsta?) Yo Dred, man, word up, man 
 (Why y'all don't know nothing) This is ours, man, we own all this right here, man 
 (Who you? Who ya talk about?) Straight up, man, we know how real it could get 
 (Who ya talk to to?) But it's gon' be repercussions 
 (Verse 1: Raekwon) 
 Punch broke the dread's jaw, pulled the four out 
 And went off, told him that he can't sling his raw 
 When he fell, yo, he broke his wrist, his bangles flew off 
 His Balleys was scuffed, then he blew a kiss 
 Bleeding out the side of his ear, niggas was staring 
 And the silk shirt was ripped off, Punch cut his hair 
 Razors was bloody, he kept hitting, dread grabbed his shirt 
 Showing his stomach, the kid had zippers on him 
 Bitches was flipping, they grabbed Tasha, caught her for a Louis 
 Snatched her titties right up out the bitch bra 
 No selling over here, Jack, heard the dread mumble 
 'You be dead in a week' then he stumbled back 
 Little young Keyon rushed him, yeah, shorty was a vet 
 Gillette soldiers, shorty hit the neck 
 Blood squirted, look like laundry detergent, the dread fell out 
 Right from there, he gon' need a surgeon 
 You ain't dead yet? 
 (Outro: Raekwon) 
 The fat lady sings, the fat lady sings, the fat lady sings 
 The fat lady sings, the fat lady sings, the fat lady sings