(Ghostface Killah (Tracy Morgan)) 
 Listen, man, it's going on 2007, g 
 I wanna wish y'all motherfuckers a happy New Year 
 (New Year, let's give it up) How your 2006 was son? 
 (Go and get up, get up, y'all niggas is crazy 
 Y'all know how I get, my 2006 off, nigga I broke two of my toes, nigga 
 It's going down nigga, that's what's up, y'all niggas is crazy) 
 That's why you came to the show with, um, peanut butter on your toes, that day 
 (Nigga, why you gotta bring everything up? Man, everybody here enjoying) 
 Nah, son, because your shit's, (crazy, a happy New Year 
 This muthfucka) Nah, boy, yo (no, man) But your shit was looking mad timid 
 That was the funniest shit in the book, that day (Find out who) 
 That's your toes right there! (Who the fuck said I broke 'em) 
 Yo, how you put them little baby cast on there? (Just a little punk ass nigga man) 
 How you put them in the baby cast like that, though, son? 
 Come on, son, that's what I was, that shit, yo 
 Let me tell you something, I ain't gon' front, yo 
 I love you and all that, son (then say that!) 
 You my first cousin, (then say that, Ghost, say that) 
 You my first cousin, though, but come on, man 
 You know how it is, son, I ain't seen you in years though 
 (You know how I get down) How you had peanut butter on your toes though, son? 
 (Cause the nigga asked for it, man, shit I fucked a nigga up, man) 
 Yo, it's New Year's, yo (get back to me, motherfucker) 
 Yo, it's New Year's son (fuck y'all niggas, this ain't no 
 Yo, Ghostface, my gold is fifty hundred, I want my money) 
 Nine! Eight! Seve! Six! Five! Four! Three! Two! One! 
 I love you my nigga, Happy New Year's! 
 Fuck that, let's get this paper! 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Yo, yo I was sitting at the table thinking 
 How the hell do I murder these M.C.'s, sting 'em like bees 
 My attitude's that of Hannibal, not compatible 
 Why I would damage you, fuck, if I drink, then ran with you 
 Y'all chose to war, so called rich niggas wanna verse the poor 
 I'll rob you first, then go to your earth, it's not gon' hurt 
 If you try calling the cops, it's not goin' work 
 All you gotta do is lay in the dirt, we dug a hole 
 And my guns weight more, yo, then Gerald Levert 
 With more blubber than a Ruben Studdard, I grease the pan 
 With rhymes, and y'all can't believe it's not butter 
 I told y'all to chill, stretch all out like franks on the grill 
 With a classic deal, I'm like a farmer when I'm playing the field 
 Just painting my seeds, in 20-06, it's time to build 
 "Ghost is back" [Repeat: x4] 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Yo, I cooked up the beef, seasoned up the meat 
 Fried 'em, tried 'em, took it out the grease 
 Ghost came to steal the show, since you loving your broad 
 I'ma lay back and reveal your hoe 
 She a brain therapist, chick you can't kiss 
 Opened up her legs, like "ooh, I smell fish" 
 Yeast infection, queen, she love dick 
 Shriveled up tits, she'll bang the whole Knicks 
 Now how can I salute you, kid, I'm planning to do you 
 Crucial, blow rugers at who you with 
 We bump heads while we out in the street, it's all good 
 My trigger fingers'll matter, kick the back of your feet 
 And your red monkey jeans, is looking like a scene from Baghdad 
 That's bad, flags red, dirt beds 
 Y'all niggas is eating, crystal meth' heads 
 We pissed out, wrist out, with the best threads 
 Knockin' niggas off, knockin' niggas out 
 Fucking up rappers is what I'm about 
 I'm holding Staten Island down, y'all cats must be dead 
 Keep fronting and lose your head 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 You can decide on who's liver 
 Toney Knight Rider, wisdoms love my saliva 
 Slobbin' 'em down, hoggin' the mound 
 Pitchin' 'em eight balls, robbing the town 
 Don't let your gangsta, get you murked up 
 Fagot ass homeys done got you worked up 
 Rappers can't come around, y'all wide rap is dead 
 Freeze, nigga, come off the bread 
 Whole horizon, hit 'em with toast, a rap arising 
 Ringing the boys bell like Verizon 
 Eyes, looking surprised, that the four-five 
 Yo Ghost, don't even do it, I got some more pie 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Word up, hey yo I'd like to give a mean shout out to Staten Island 
 Holding the boy down, y'all know what it do 
 Theodore Unit, Big Trife, Wigs, Du-Lilz 
 Yo Supa! Y'all know what it is, man, ya know what I'm saying? 
 My West Brighton niggas, let's see that money come first 
 That's right, yeah, get up in that building 
 You tell L.A. Reid and them niggas to crack that safe 
 Word up, 'cause we coming, J-Love 
 Hey yo Den, what up, Ice, C-Allah, what up, yo Un 
 You know what I mean, yo, Buck, hold ya head... aiyo Bean 
 You know what it is, tell E, I said what's the deal, man 
 We gon' get this paper, this year, yo Irf, you know how we do 
 I ain't even gotta say that much, TaVon, come holla at your boy 
 I know my jack be off all the time, but yo, that don't mean shit, nigga 
 Come through and holla, nigga, word up, this what it is 
 Yo, S.G., that's my son doola, y'all niggas keep y'all hands off him 
 You know what I mean? Yo Ant Acid... what's the deal, hey yo Tech, yo Plex 
 Your boys here, nigga, word up, it's all about paper this year, nigga, word up 
 I got mad babies to feed, I got bills nigga, one, 
 Wu-Tang for life, Cappadonna, Raekwon, what up? 
 "Ghost got the juice, now"