Chip Banks 
 What? Aiyo, y'all wanna do a track wit us or somethin'? 
 We the billion dollar boy's club 
 What you got a hundred thousand for us? The fuck's that? 
 Three rings and a hair cut or somethin'? 
 Aiyo, 
 American Cream Team 
 , baby 
 Heavy hitters, New York City giants 
 Gamble for Blocks and four better for spots and things of that nature 
 Pop off 
 Superb 
 I don't rock wit moes, I puff Optimos 
 Your label ship gold, but only copper sold 
 Perb got flows, everybody and God knows 
 Fuck a bitch for two dimes, she got to cop those 
 Used to be a thug, now he wear cop clothes 
 Try to come to the hood and we shot hoes 
 Chip Banks 
 I don't care who you got a deal wit or who you chill wit 
 Banky'll run up in your session and shut you down on some real shit 
 'Til the Chef be like (Chill, kid) 
 That's word to Abola Perrione, dem not know who they deal wit 
 Chef Banks, uh-huh, slash Banky 
 Got the whole world callin' Flex tryin' to translate me 
 Said New Jack City 2, Banky B. Nino, push a 2000 benz-ino 
 Killa Sin 
 These rap icons, mass spit fire out of cons 
 Fuck a bygone, rely on ion in my python 
 We squeeze off, long disc when we piss 
 Resort this, gun powder coverin' wrist is blasphemist 
 Shotties say, "Fuck," cursin' my name 
 Knowin' damn well, I'm hurtin' the same 
 What part of the game you playin'? 
 Kid, I'm sayin', yo, three months ago you was on 
 You fallin' short now, chasin' a don, you're money ain't loaned 
 Faggot fuck, bag him, stick him in the back of my truck 
 Strip him and smack him up for actin' up 
 Be slitherin', hit him in the ribs again 
 Broke the code of honor that we livin' in 
 Depleted the whole click, is never when 
 But never that 
 Raekwon 
 Aiyo, there it go again, same shit, just rep 
 Show me ya holdin' kid, control ya rep when we rollin' 
 Worldwide, niggaz look live, collection cream by a land slide 
 Settin' up to son, won the grand prize 
 Stand up, why? Where it came from? Accord and the five 
 Where the name from? Read the Rob, yo 
 Yo, while we hang glide, slang lye 
 Chill, ya better recognize, 'cause it's cut out for big shit, Giant Size 
 Polite 
 Yo, we from the ghetto, the land where everything is real 
 Nights was tough, days came hard as steel 
 Still we played the field like players without contracts 
 Broke the trends and the fans far beyond that 
 Comin' to America, now we tradin' places (uh-huh) 
 New faces in the hood, and they racist (uh-huh) 
 From all the squeezin', they callin' the precinct 
 We could battle in ya PJ's or battle in the Beacon 
 Raekwon 
 I kick vocals at the top of my lungs, drunk 
 Playin' cards, young start wildin' on dunns with guns 
 Remmy doctor, old man jams with the voice of Hoffa 
 Chill, slap shorty up at the opera (Battle in the Beacon) 
 Uncle got the Kangaroo, rock Kangaroo, boo 
 Start cursin' out white boys shoes, you wild 
 Thirstin Howl wit a growl, start barkin' at crowds 
 He actin' like he got shark skin now 
 Kingpin 
 I lace my hookers with G-String, Liz Clairborne 
 Don the King, hustlin', nigga Don, I mean 
 Exquisite, a radiant, brilliant chemist 
 American Cream Team, billion buck spenders 
 Strip boutiques, advantage, get move on 
 We too strong, the menace, nothin' to lose con 
 Yachts we cruise on, money that's too long 
 Pull out a checkbook, coupon, purchase the Yukon 
 Raekwon' 
 Aiyo, there it go again, same shit, just rep 
 Show me ya holdin' kid, control ya rep when we rollin' 
 Worldwide, niggaz look live, collection cream by a land slide 
 Settin' up to son, won the grand prize 
 Stand up, why? Where it came from? Accord and the five 
 Where the name from? Read the Rob, yo 
 Yo, while we hang glide, slang lye 
 Chill, ya better recognize, 'cause it's cut out for big shit, Giant Size 
 Raekwon 
 It's never been a game, stop playin', stop playin' 
 It's never been a game, stop playin', stop playin' 
 It's never been a game, stop playin', stop playin' 
 ...