Intro: Raekwon, talking to Poppa Wu 
 Ol Dirty Bastard singing in the background 
 You know God, I just been, youknowhatI'msayin? 
 Doin' my regular thing man 
 So I'ma get back up with you though baby 
 KnowhatI'msayin? You know you my nigga kid 
 I'ma always come through for you baby 
 Yo man, you gotta understand, this shit is real though man 
 All the time, word 
 Yo man, that's you man 
 Yo peace Rae, peace God! 
 (We've got the powers to resurrect the dead) 
 Whassup baby? God damn, look at you man 
 Damn God, I got a shit out you man 
 Man, I done watched you man, since you was a little crumbsnatcher 
 A little weed-hopper running around here man 
 Look at you baby, you look good 
 (We've got the powers to resurrect the dead) 
 Understand, I watched you go through a lot of trials and tribulations 
 But you know something, like I used to always tell you baby 
 A good listener's a good learner 
 (G-O-D's my reality) 
 I see you listened VERY well, understand? 
 (I'm elevating strong and I'm gonna go on to the highest degree) 
 Your time is coming baby 
 See sometime, it could be like, a rear view 
 YouknowhatI'msayin? And people don't know when their blessing comes 
 But I watch you grow, man you is a very intelligent man 
 Man, I watched you when I used to sit down and you would 
 Trick me out my money shootin dice, niggaz is you crazy? 
 Ha ha ha ha ha ha! 
 (G-O-D's my reality) 
 Crazy you crazy man 
 Yo Rae, you remember that shit man? 
 When we used to be down there in the hills and shit man? 
 (I'm elevating strong I'm gonna go on to the highest degree) 
 And you'd catch it, from Old Man Freed 
 He'd be yelling "You little slick ass" 
 Ha ha ha ha 
 Talk to me baby, knowhatI'msayin? 
 Ha ha ha ha 
 I've been through all them things, man I'm watchin you growin' 
 But remember one thing Rae like I used to tell you 
 The child you was is making you the man you is today 
 And if you don't know where you came from baby 
 You DAMN sure know that you don't know where you going 
 Can you see what I'm saying? 
 Know which way you travelling 
 (We've got the powers to resurrect the dead) 
 You understand? And follow that destiny, follow the light 
 And it'll set you free 
 (Oh, G-O-D's my reality) 
 'Cause I've watched you baby 
 You my main man 
 Yeah 
 (We're elevating strong and we're going on to the highest degree) 
 Now that could be the Wu-Tang production 
 Start to knuckle up and, gun shots start to click the block's ducking 
 Could it be, and would it be, that we was babies 
 Catching rabies, niggaz seem to act crazy 
 Day one, in my spot July the 10th 
 I had a mint, stickin up Devines hittin them with nines 
 I was toxie, from layin up in Roxie's all night 
 This nigga bust a shot, lick my man's wife 
 It was havoc I contact the Abbot 
 He shook the shoulder though, then he passed the phat chrome automatic 
 We goin' to war, you know we headed to the floor 
 He woulda did it for me, fuck it, let's mosie 
 Schemin dough, with the P.L.O., wrapped on tight 
 Sayin' in my mic "Yo we gotta go" 
 My first impression was to add some lessons 
 Question, one, what made you even show your gun and blow the session? 
 He replied and rocked the green eye 
 And yo, he started, yelling "Them niggaz sellin two for fives!" 
 But he's a goner and I got my corner 
 What, I'm feeding my babies, Cash Rules for mortal daughters 
 Yeah, Rae baby 
 Feeding my babies, Cash Rules for mortal daughters 
 Only God is the son of man 
 (We've got the powers to ressurrect the dead) 
 I'll say it one time, and be ceratin that fake God does not exist 
 (Oh, G-O-D's my reality) 
 (I'm elevating strong we're gonna go on to the highest degree) 
 This is why the universe, has itself balanced the scale 
 Of devine knowledge, and it was measured by the portion 
 Of solid knowledge 
 No man, can judge for another 
 But each man must weigh all facts and circumstances 
 And find truth in his own judgement of righteousness 
 See, the way to evil, balance equality in no man 
 For no man is good and bad at the same time 
 Either you good, or you bad