(Tash) 
 Uh, expensive things, diamond rings and things 
 You know, rap life, rap life, say what, ah, uh 
 Rap niggaz, we dippin' individuals 
 Some of us be frontin', some of us is really criminals 
 Swimmin' in the women and money we never had, it's sad 
 Rap could turn a good nigga bad 
 But not Catash though; I gaffle respect with no hassle 
 I'm still the same nigga, light skinded, curly afro 
 What's up though? I'm still the same nigga, a superfreak 
 I blow a g a week; catch me burnin' rubber up the street 
 Rap niggaz always smokin' indo 
 So every time we puff it's twenty dollars out the window 
 But what is friends fo'? We gonna blow that dough regardless 
 My niggaz live the life, and they ain't even rap artists 
 Rap money - we get that shit and blow it 
 We trick thirty g's and ain't got shit to show for it 
 Let me get that case of Moet, let me get that CLK 
 Let me get that ounce of bomb from my man from East L.A. 
 Let me get that 
 Rap niggaz get money, press up and get hundreds 
 Be like all them niggaz on it 
 Which side rock the most; it don't matter 'cause it get notes 
 Meet you on the left side of the boat 
 Coast, drivin' it most; we like where them niggaz go 
 We like everywhere; party where the fans go 
 It's all rap hype, young black niggaz - that's mad hype 
 Got ya station in a smash right 
 (Tash) 
 My Likwit niggaz made a killin' 
 We dropped three albums and got the whole world dancin' on the ceilin' 
 So I'm feelin' like the villain that cracked that safe's combo 
 My nigga had some hos; I told him shoot 'em through my condo 
 He shot 'em through; they peeped my CD through 
 They startin' askin' questions, but fuck the interview 
 What y'all really want to do? They said: "pop the cryst'." 
 I said: "You like rap? Well wrap ya mouth around this!" 
 Rap niggas, young niggaz ballin' 
 We on the motorcyles doin' ninety down my hall and 
 With the gold chain swingin', fallin' to the street 
 This rap life got us buyin' shit we don't need 
 We don't need the jet skis, but let's buy 'em just to try 'em 
 We splashin' out the Lex and got all the ladies eyein' 
 Us now, and we don't fuck around with no wife 
 'Cause all my niggaz is livin' the rap life 
 (Raekwon) 
 First of all, before we move on 
 Shit is like a Yukon, son 
 Slide shit on like Grey Poupon 
 Mergin' in the suburbs 
 Gettin' raw with greenery herb 
 Real ill niggaz smack birds 
 Fat words showin' proof how my gat work - go shoot, kill 
 Smack a blackbird, jettin' in an AC-herse 
 Big Jim stay grinnin' in a six, spinnin' it, kid 
 Nigga who flex, Lex threw ten in him 
 Stand posin', blowin' shit, coast from east and west 
 We rockin' our vest, cannon might roast you 
 High powered hydrolic Eddie Bauer rockwilder 
 Who wilder? Slang bit niggas on the collar 
 Amp might blow 
 I might land, set up shop, and glow 
 Shinin' like a lamp post, my camp post 
 Cream leather green leaves forever 
 Goin' to do whatever 
 Corns and crab niggaz - they roll together 
 What up tash? Black hash, we invented the spaz 
 High like sixteen niggaz over ten bags 
 Real niggas gon' ride 
 Fake niggaz gon' slide 
 Check the next issue, faggot, in the vidibe 
 (Tash) 
 Rap drama, the drama never calms 
 I be on the celly phone, trippin' off my baby moms 
 Try na make her understand I get paid to rhyme 
 I don't show up at your job, so don't show up at mine! 
 'Cause there's no biz like show biz if y'all niggaz ask me 
 Show money, that's like pimpin' 'cause we get it tax free 
 Catch a check for thirty-three, cut straight from SRC 
 Take it straight to any counter, cash my shit with no I.D. 
 Rap women - they always be around us 
 'Cause we from out of town, and they be lovin' out-of-towners 
 Wash up in motherfuckas like a TV evangelist 
 'Cause they from where they from, and we straight from Los Angeles 
 Rap money 
 (Raekwon) 
 Yo, what up 
 (Tash) 
 What's up, nigga? 
 (Raekwon) 
 What's goin' on? 
 (Tash) 
 Hey, what's up Rae? Let's go half on a football team, nigga, he he 
 (Raekwon) 
 Yo, I was thinkin' about buyin' two basketball teams 
 What's up? What we gonna do? 
 (Tash) 
 Hey, he he 
 (Raekwon) 
 Matter fact, we can do that 
 Let's do that