Niggaz is fuckin' crazy... knowhatI'msayin? 
 Hell yeah man 
 Word... you know how niggaz be bitin and shit 
 Niggaz be bitin mad styles 'n' shit from niggaz man 
 Yeah, no doubt 
 That's what I be hatin' man, I can't stand a fuckin' bitin ass nigga 
 Wanna use your lines all ahead of time 
 Word 
 Before you even get a chance, to shine on your own shit 
 True, nah niggaz be killing me though Son because 
 Yaknow, they be take be comin' with your words and shit 
 They hear you say one word then here they come with the word 
 Tryin' to flip it and bounce it on some bullshit 
 Yeah, yeah 
 Not sounding like first of all and shit 
 Yeah 
 YaknowhatI'msayin? Boom, but then you got niggaz Son on the real 
 YaknowhatI'msayin? Niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz is bitin off your 
 Album cover and shit 
 Yeah! 
 Whoa bad enough they biting lines like niggaz killed me 
 Yeah 
 When they came with some Nas, niggaz bit offa Nas shit! 
 KnowhatI'msayin? 
 *Chuckling* 
 Word niggaz niggaz niggaz niggaz caught his little album cover move 
 And then they got wise to that shit 
 Yeah 
 I'm like damn what the fuck man? 
 It's like these happy-go-lucky niggaz man when they get on man 
 They wanna pop a little, a little champagne 
 Word like I said 
 YouknowhatI'msayin? Every few, every time you see em 
 YouknowhatI'msayin? Like, front on don't fuck with me 
 Yeah man 
 You gonna play that role play it though 
 Yo man, it's like this man, niggaz man 
 Niggaz know not to fuck around with this shit 
 I don't give a fuck how nasty they are 
 Nah son, let me tell these niggaz somethin' God 
 I don't want niggaz soundin like me... on no album! 
 YouknowhatI'msayin? For real 'cause I'ma approach a nigga man 
 For real man, I don't want nobody sounding like me man, for real Son 
 No doubt 
 Bad enough nigga, I don't want nobody sound like nobody from my Clan 
 Man keep it real, get your own shit man, and be original 
 Word up 
 That's all man 
 And you'll be a better man 
 And you gonna come out on your own 
 Word up 
 Whatever how you gonna take it man, fuck it 
 Word up