And who wants me dead? 
 (I don't know. You know I can't reveal that sort of thing to you.) 
 I haven't got my money yet. 
 [Head splash caught. 8 million stories, nigga, word up 
 From the hard streets of Norfolk, muthafucka, to New York 
 All over the world, nigga 
 We win 
 All day every day, nigga 
 You bitch-ass nigga, watch what happen 
 Check the shit, yo 
 Ayo, ayo 
 They found his head splashed, caught him by the side of the buildin' 
 He had a mask on, 4-5, 'Why did you kill him?' 
 It was supposed to happen, click the shit back (clack, clack clack) 
 Here's the deal, you get on the floor, lay in the grassâ 
 Had me handcuffed, take two puffs of the kush 
 I see you out here, your name's real, can't letchu get touched 
 He had a team, Japanese fiends, all of 'em creamed down 
 Cheeba lit, blood on his Adidas was thick (oh, shit) 
 One second homie, walked over, weapon was bony 
 Long-nosed joint, hold him 
 Grabbed the nigga head, broke his Rolly 
 Where the blow, shorty? 
 Shorty start smilin', y'all niggas is puss 
 Yo Lex, these niggas ain't vets, they gush 
 Chunk of meat flew off his cheekbone, broken teeth 
 Had a hole in his 'Lo shirt and took all his weed 
 Untied him he fell legs weak and son wouldn't tell, now it gets deep 
 Son start fallin' asleep, they woke him back up 
 Smacked him wit the Mac, where your slut? 
 I heard you copped a new Beamer and them glasses is rough (where your bitch, man?) 
 They was the ferla joints, 18 karats, bought 'em right in Brazil 
 He had to steal on him, niggas went savage 
 The hat him spread out, T-position, opened his jeans up 
 Shot him in the leg bone, he rose up like King Tut 
 Still riffin', this wop for real? My niggas still get it 
 All of us yellin' he ill wit it 
 Mouth bloody, muddy Gucci joints on, them shits was 900 
 Couldn't wait to kill him, his sons wanted it 
 Champion hoodie was gone, they broke his neck in like 5 places 
 Pushed him down the railin' and skinned his face 
 Yo, yo, yo 
 Yo, yo, yo, chill, chill 
 Police, police, nigga 
 Move, move 
 Yo son 
 Yo they just fuckin' killed this nigga, my nigga 
 (Overlapping: Stop leavin' them dirty fuckin' Filas around man) 
 You, man, stop it, man 
 (They just this nigga in the back of his fucking head, man) 
 Fuckin' head disintegrated, my nigga 
 There's a hundred police inside right now, man 
 (Yo! Listen! Ayo!) 
 They runnin' through the building, man 
 (Y'all niggas gotta shut the fuck up, man 
 Then you wonder why niggas be getting' busted 
 Man, ya niggas is yellin', man 
 We in the back cookin', B, c'mon, man 
 The fuck, Langston, go to the store 
 I'm still waitin' for that baking soda, man)