(Featuring Raekwon) 
 (Singer) 
 Tony for mayor... (x4) 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Catch me in a crisp blue six, deep dish 
 Doors is crisp, velour stop at the wrist 
 Watch is involved, talk to me Trick Daddy 
 I liked the way you tilt ya hat up in that Caddy son, 
 Can't believe you the most slept on 
 Took a break since the Cuban, niggas lookin' like you just repped wrong 
 You done slimmed down a bit, got caught with the hammer 
 Steal banners, medical examiners, clocked live hammers 
 For real, you a live nigga, rock ya five in ya slippers 
 Like them other five guys in ya picture 
 Come on, watch, I'm the star of the show, so blow then 
 Mothafucka, you ain't blew in three years 
 You son of a bitch, that's why I rock the big shit 
 Don't forget who you is, nigga, you my little shit 
 I will crush you to pieces, stop ya heart from tickin' 
 And you mad 'cause you a older clock, couple rocks missin' 
 And my Breitling--the band: you can say it's iced lightning 
 You don't like him, do you? You wanna fight him 
 In fact, I should've put you back, relaxed on the stones 
 And copped the two-thousand leather in snow cones 
 A bowl of milk almost killed you, ak, you almost drowned in Pops 
 I bought another box, I'ma keep it real with you 
 And I'ma murder you if ya bitch-ass get on my nerves again 
 (Raekwon (as "the watch")) 
 Yo, Ghost, you'se a funny nigga 
 Turn on the radio, all you hear is X and Jigga 
 Ha ha, you vexed, nigga? 
 No airplay 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Bet my gat spray 
 (Raekwon (as "the watch")) 
 Yo, that's hearsay you spray hairspray 
 And up North, nigga, you ain't gettin' jailplay 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 (How you know?) 
 (Raekwon (as "the watch")) 
 Yo, it's obvious, Clan's day 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Hold on, let me park my shit, 
 Let me find out this nigga barkin' and shit I'm a Don of this shit, 
 And you know that shit I wrote with Golden Arms is a hit 
 My Wallos show off, go off like an alarm in the six 
 Draped in yellow and I'm still poppin' 
 My movie life in the hood is like an ill doctrine 
 Beat trial with illegal aide, fuck Cochrane 
 And if it's on I might blow you if I'm boxed in... {*echoes*} 
 (Raekwon (as "the watch")) 
 Yo what's wrong man? 
 Yo, yo, yo, what you doin', man? 
 Yo, man, chill out, man 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Don't even worry 
 (Raekwon (as "the watch")) 
 Why you... 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Ok 
 (Raekwon (as "the watch")) 
 Come on, son 
 We can't... don't depart us like that, son 
 Come on 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 I'ma destroy you 
 (Raekwon (as "the watch")) 
 Come on, man 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 You pop too much shit 
 (Raekwon (as "the watch")) 
 Come on, man, I'm just tellin' you time 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 It ain't even like that, you know who bought you 
 A nigga's just fuckin' with you, man 
 (Ghostface Killah) 
 Bye! 
 (Singer) 
 Tony for mayor... {*repeats to fade*} 
 (Outro: Ghostface Killah (Raekwon)) 
 Yo, let me tell y'all mothafuckas somethin' 
 (Shoot one of those niggas, Lord) 
 We could battle for belts, ice (Type shit) 
 Whatever the fuck you want to do 
 Let me tell y'all somethin' 
 This the Theodore Unit, mothafucka 
 We takin' the bait of this shit 
 That's word to my momma, man 
 (Staten Island, nigga, what, nigga?) 
 Coke, spoon throwers (Get ya money right) 
 (Gotta know how real do this) 
 Slew-footed mothafuckas, I pop all y'all niggas 
 Y'all niggas is fucked, straight up 
 We back in here now, mothafuckas 
 It's the fuckin' Unit, you heard 
 That's the Theodore Unit 
 Y'all mothafuckas better recognize 
 Aight? That's my word 
 (Yeah, nigga, yeah)