(Intro: Raekwon) 
 Yo man get ya ass in here man 
 You know the fuckin' Police lookin' for you man 
 Come on man, them niggaz just left here man 
 Come on man you know we got mad fuckin' blow 
 Up in the Motherfuckin' lab son 
 This nigga's off the hook man 
 Yo Chef talk to these niggaz man 
 (Raekwon) 
 We baggin' ounces in the back of the Maz' 
 Ostrich on, Wollriches, three Quarter-ness 
 A.D.I.D.A.S. wit Stan Smith's 
 The grant's on the Stove 
 And Aunt Lo about to come to the Lab-o 
 She givin' me some credit for clothes 
 That's the slang work for bricks, dicks 
 Analyze you never know who lookin' 
 It's deranged world, wit snitches is enterprisin' 
 Black Man hold on, like Magnums in the Wind 
 'Cause when it get cold, parole give a homey like ten 
 What's the prognosis: drugs, guns, and ounces of Gold fish 
 Fly reefer out-town, bitches is stone six 
 And birds back in 18 and played C.R.E.A.M 
 Gray beam, it's lean new A.D.I.D.A.S 
 Jackets, flippin' up small dean 
 Visualisin' portraits, fresh cuts 
 Brand new Porsche's 
 Going wit hand-to-hand, servin' the Source 
 Yo, runnin' from the Police 
 This day-today lifestyle where niggaz get arraigned 
 And get chain, it's like cycle blao! 
 Drug Dealers, Star and Celebrities (Ghetto Celebs) 
 Even dudes wit a few felonies (A few felonies) 
 In 'The PJ's' this what they tellin' me (Tellin' who?) 
 Sniffin' real hard but you not smellin' me (Smell me) 
 The crowd yellin' for 'Chef' 'Killa' and 'Pete Rock' (Pete Rock) 
 Got 'em movin' like the Millennium beat box (Beat Box) 
 Shit is all hood till they hear the heat cock (Whooo!) 
 Fall back and let the beat rock 
 (Masta Killa) 
 Degrees of experience qualifies me to speak in certain areas 
 Where many can't reach, so I prepared a speech for y'all 
 To then listen while I spit the hot venomous shit 
 My whole Clique sick, infested wit the itchy trigger finger mob related 
 Noodle-leanie universal flag Beanie 
 Son you wouldn't want to see me black down, master .4 pound 
 Clip full of hallow tip round 
 Turn the fuckin' sound up 
 My cup runneth over Hennessey, the Bill Bixby 
 Ninja Scroll, niggaz that roll 
 My son did four in the hole 
 Tenant population, neva told, facin' Parole 
 Sipped the old gold style, beat it in trial 
 My mild-mannered .9 Bandit, flow drunk 
 Look at Skunk weed stickin' 
 Razor sharp rip 'em, bites lift 'em 
 We at the Jam direct 
 The Ghetto Gospel, collaboration 
 One word could change the nation 
 No doubt! 
 (Raekwon) 
 Tuna Salad and Puma rackin' he's 
 Pushin' through the projects, captain 
 Get your money, yo show me no slackin' 
 We drive the meanest Joints 
 Shoot through Medina wit a Evisu Jeans and Nina's 
 Stop by Juniors we hittin' cheeba 
 Briefly, crackers observe 
 You got the undercovers 
 Niggas just love us, we know they suckers 
 You know what? What? Mosey don't be nosey yo! 
 Watch these fake niggaz wit these Thank You cards 
 Them shits is bogey 
 Snitches in the hood up to no good 
 We would kill a lot of Motherfuckers but the timin' ain't good 
 So while my bankroll climbin' 
 I be out on consignment, breezin' 
 Ki's wit 29 letter melted cheeses 
 All of my papers now in real estate 
 White folks been doin' this since '69 
 It's billions and killer weight 
 So prosperous moves wit the jewels, wit Wu Nikes on 
 It's cool don't ever act like niggaz ain't who new 
 One! 
 Yeah! we just sit back, in the luxury toasters 
 Slidin' through the motherfuckin' projects 
 Stand away from you fake ass Motherfuckers 
 Layin' out in the barber shops, gettin' fucked up cuts 
 We don't respect y'all (Don't respect y'all) 
 Knaw' sayin'? This is Shala Lewis Rich 
 Pete Rock, Masta Killa, The Vatican 
 One! I'm gone