Some of the busiest rhymes ever made by man 
 Are goin' into this mic, written by this hand 
 Are comin' out of this mouth, made by this tongue 
 I'll tell you now my name, my name is Young 
 But so you think that it's your destiny 
 To get the best of me, but I suggest to be 
 Quiet, bro', don't even try it from the east and west of me 
 Takin' it and never breakin' it or even shakin' it 
 Groovin' it and always movin' it, 'cause I'm not fakin' it 
 Pullin' out rhymes like books off the shelf 
 Born in England, raised in Hollis, taught to go for myself 
 This is stone cold rhymin', no frills, no fluffs 
 And it's no accident that these rhymes sound tough 
 I'm goin' off, baby, there's no turnin' back 
 I'm on your TV, on your album, cassette and 8-track 
 And when the show is finally finished I'll be takin' my bow 
 My name is Young, and yo I got know-how, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 I got know-how 
 Party people, I got know... how 
 I kick it just like this... 
 I got juice like the president, I'm makin' rappers hesitant 
 Invite me to your house and I'll be chillin' like a resident 
 Yes, 'cause I'm that type of man 
 'Cause I make myself at home no matter where I am 
 I got it rollin' like thunder, makin' y'all wonder 
 Why I'm on top with all the other rappers under 
 I make no errors, mistakes or blunders 
 It's like a wedding, let no man put asunder 
 My name is Young MC, I like to rock mic well 
 'Cause when I get up on the mic I just release my spell 
 It's no hocus-pocus, I'll just get you into focus 
 And swarm all over you just like a horde of locusts 
 Smooth operator, female persuader 
 Spot a fly girl and in a week I'm gonna date her 
 I got the kind of style for the here and the now 
 And I can do it 'cause I got know-how, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 I got know-how 
 Party people, I got know... how 
 Bust it! 
 MC's I'll ruin, 'cause I know what I'm doin' 
 I'll treat 'em like doublemint gum and start chewin' 
 I spit 'em out when the flavour's gone 
 And I repeat the chewin' practice till the break of dawn 
 'Cause I'm tough like a bone, sly like Stallone 
 Rockin' and clockin' on the microphone 
 Smooth like a mirror, in hearts I strike terror 
 Rhymes like runs and hits with no errors 
 Cold like a blizzard, on the mic I am the wizard 
 With the funky fresh rhymes comin' out of my gizzard 
 Never sneezin', never coughin', I rock the mic often 
 Hard as a rock and no sign I'll soften 
 Makin' sure I get respect, on my mind rhymes connect 
 I start to build like a builder from a architect 
 Movin' all around, above and under the ground 
 You see my face, and then you hear my sound 
 Comin' atcha with the mic in hand 
 I'm gonna take command just the way I planned 
 'Cause I'm a one-man band and you are my fan 
 Don't you understand? I'm like Superman 
 Yeah, the Man of Steel, don't you know the deal? 
 You better be for real, I got sex appeal 
 This is what I feel, and this here's my vow 
 And now you know the brother with know-how, you know what I'm sayin'? 
 I got know-how... and I'm chillin', never illin' 
 In my mouth I got two fillin's... whatever! 
 I'm on the mic, cold stone gettin' over 
 My name is Young MC, known as the fly casanova, kick it...