I done a lot of good, I done a lot of wrong, dis real shit, I advise you listen to this song. A nigga robbed me 15 yrs ago (where) 
 Back in canridge swats sides on 4, never forget that day, thought it was all g's, but niggas hating man dey hating on a small g. 
 Stuck me witha shank, left a whole in ma face, took my heroin, bone, money, beeper off my waist. Next day I squad up, got all the 
 Tools out, got a hot bos, roll round lookin' for dudes house, lucky for me I ain't catch him, woulda been dead, unlucky for him 
 Fucked round, he touched the wrong kid, that karm fool, it hit cha from the blind side, he got shot 9 times now he paraylized, 
 Plz forgive him lord, even a thug pray, but I pray my past don't come back to haunt me 
 Told me it was destiny, came to me 1 night I was dreamin', dese crazy visions I kept on seeing, all the money and clothes, all 
 The drugs that I sold from the life that I chose, but it could be karma, cause all these things you do it could haunt cha, if you do it wrong it come right back 
 On ya, all the money and clothes, all the drugs that I sold could be the reason you ain't livin' tomorrow. 
 I remember I flexed a nigga for a couple chips, juss being greedy man I ain't even need dat shit, country nigga, he know me from a piece of meat, 
 But I had to do it to him man dat nigga was supa sweet, next week you won't believe what happned to me, dem folk came I took a loss on like 400g's, dat 
 Lil 100stack cost me 300strong, but it's my fault because dat shit I did was dead wrong. Damn y I do dat shit, dat was supa dumb, too late to cry about it 
 Now nigga what's done is done, u do bad you get bad, and dats karma buddie, it don't matter where you hide, ain't no runnin' from it. I asked myself have I paid for all this 
 Dirt I done or is it gonna catch up wi me before my time is done, I'm doin' good good now, I can honestly say, but I pray my past don't come back to haunt me 
 Generational curse cause of what my daddy did, wat his daddy did, dat shit sound weird, I know the words so I know that ain't right, forgive me lord, I'm just 
 Trynna get my stack right. The bible said he said "fo was both life and death"blessings and curses told us choose 4 ourselfs. He told us choose life so we can 
 Stay blessed so you and yo kids can have different sets. Instead we choose death, u know that curse sign, dat kill a nigga, sell dope, u know that dirt sign. I'm doin' 
 Good now, I can honestly say, but I pray my past don't come back to haunt me