I'm rollin' in a Nine-Oh van. California, that's my plan 
 Got memories Mixalot left in limbo, first stop Sacramento 
 Here we go, hit a club called Bentleys 
 Want a skirt to git wit' me, hit me 
 There's a girl with a back like a Cadillac 
 I walked up and got pushed back 
 Her boyfriend tell her I'm a play-a 
 Dropped salt on a dope rhyme say-a 
 My reputation offends this man 
 Next day hit Williamland Park 
 Creepin' like a shark 
 Spot a bad freak and I swoop like a hawk 
 "What up?", "Howya like to roll wit' a champ?" 
 "Please! All y'all rappers is tramps" 
 My reputation is stoppin' my mission 
 Every freak in Sac is dissin' 
 Back on the four lane freeway 
 Next stop, the two-one-three, L.A. 
 The two-one-three is rough 
 But the Mixalot game is tough 
 Spot a young girl and I start that gamin' 
 Baby girl asks what set am I claimin' 
 "Just 'cause I rap, I gotta be in gang?" 
 It ain't a black thang, it's a rap thang 
 Censorship is sweepin' the nation 
 Messin' up a rap stars reputation 
 A rappers reputation, that's what I got 
 So I'm finished with the two-one-three 
 I knock, baby, but it's time to leave 
 Two days on the hard rock, boys is cruisin' 
 Interstate Ten, straight to Houston 
 They tell me 'bout the girls in the fifth ward 
 You know the boys must score 
 So we hit a fly club called Guchies 
 Lookin' for the skirts with the largest booties 
 Girlies in the club wasn't takin' no shorts 
 Showin' no remorse 
 For a brother like Mix, lookin' for the smooth 
 Didn't need a Houston skirt to get with me 
 But the nights still young 
 And the hunt ain't done 
 So we stepped to the van 
 Attitude's out of it 
 The next club, The Main Event 
 We never think about a dress code 
 Just step up in the club and let the game roll 
 But as soon as my boy Maharaji pulls up 
 Some punk starts runnin' up 
 He said you don't wanna be with a rap star 
 They play you for your money and your car 
 Well my boy got crushed but the girl stepped off 
 With a rap stars rep, the girls are lost 
 "Hey yo, what's up, this is Mix I had to make a run 
 Right quick, but leave your name and number 'n I'll 
 Getcha right back, peace." 
 So the posse left Houston Texas 
 All the girls keep callin' us sexist 
 Houston media is givin' us rappers no pity 
 So we all hit Kansas City 
 In K.C. we go The Gates and Suns 
 Gotta get grub 'fore we run 
 Met a little freak named Stacy 
 I said I'm not just here for the Barbecue baby 
 She gave me that look, like Pebbles 
 I mack with bass not treble 
 So I say, Oogley-goo oogley-doo-goo-doo 
 "What'd you say?" I ain't tellin' you 
 You see the Mix game is laced with riddles 
 It ain't moaney, it's Mix in the middle 
 In walked my ex named Wendy 
 She got a fresh Dooney Bag 
 'Cause she's tired of Fendi 
 Ooh, could a brother be busted 
 Because Wendy trusted, Me? 
 An' ah told a lit'l lie 'n 
 Said I was a loyal guy 
 Wendy got mad and she wants to dis me 
 In Kansas City 
 Wendy starts to groovin' 
 Hands on her hips and her hair starts movin' 
 She said the Mixalot game is phony 
 Just 'cause I said I'm runnin' girls like ponies 
 But talkin' that stuff is my occupation 
 That's how I got this reputation 
 A rappers reputation, got a rappers reputation 
 Bring it on down. A rappers reputation, bring it back 
 A rappers reputation, that's what I got. A rappers 
 Reputation, peace.