Here's a gory kinda story, 'bout an obese freak 
 With a forty inch waist and a ten inch beak, 
 Overweight and out of shape with a triple chin, 
 Her brassiere strikes fear in the hearts of men, 
 The Girls a bremelo 
 The Girls a bremelo 
 Me and Terry hopped a ferry, we were lookin' Swass 
 When a dip hit the ship we were almost tossed 
 It was a big bremelo standing on my toe, 
 An enormous jelly-belly tryin' to say hello 
 I was really kinda frightened as she looked my way, 
 I tried to run because here buns made the ferry sway 
 To be blunt she was fat and ready for combat 
 On the way to Bremerton where the fat is at, 
 The Girls a bremelo. 
 Let's Go! 
 I'm not fakin' or mistaken' 'bout the big ol' duck, 
 She had hairy underarms and a whoppin' gut, 
 Her hair was short and wavy, drove my pit bull crazy, 
 A (Bermitan)? beast chasin' fella's in the Navy, 
 At the movie she's the feature, the Bremerton creature, 
 Ya' wear a life jacket if ya ever try and freak her 
 Look at her physique, she ain't my kinda freak, 
 The floor creaks when the beast starts reaching her peak 
 The Girls a bremelo. 
 She's just a bremelo. 
 Change the beat! 
 You can't ignore the way she snores 'cause she blows down doors, 
 Baby's got the kinda face only a mother adores, 
 A big basket ball head, with her ten inch feet, 
 Big lips, No hips, with the smell of a beast, 
 I couldn't put her in my Caddy or my tranny would break, 
 I've heard of dirt because of poverty, but she took the cake, 
 When it comes to Kool-Aid©, the girl would drink it in pints, 
 Ya go to school for twenty years and ya still in the ninth? 
 Ya just a bremelo. 
 Just a bremelo. 
 You big, triple chinned, unattractive duck, 
 Ya boyfriend beats freaks up to make a buck, 
 Hangin' 'round Third and Pike on a ten speed bike, 
 You could say that I'm a liar, but ya know I'm right 
 Ya talk behind my back because I dropped you flat, 
 And ya never take a shower 'cause ya too damn fat 
 So ya man was smart when he broke your heart 
 Because if Mix-A-Lot'd cut cha you'd'a fell apart 
 Wearing Polyester© slacks with elastic in the back 
 You could flatten Schwarzenegger in a wrestling match 
 Ya got lips like a character in some cartoon 
 With a pink posterior ya big baboon 
 Ya just a (Elephant Trumpet) 
 (Elephant Trumpet) 
 Now Bremerton's a city right outside of mine, 
 Most girls there are ducks but a few are fine 
 But the ones that I speak about, use their faces catching trout, 
 Vacuum cleaners for a mouth, You know what I'm talkin' 'bout 
 Mud Ducks, Hocky Pucks, Drivers of Mack© trucks, 
 Lame brains, Deisel Trains, to pick them up you have to strain, 
 Big Butt, Crew Cut, Extra-Ordinary Gut, 
 Big Mamma kinda bod, make ya (?????????) kinda rough