(Girls voice) "Man I wish I could find me a brother with some game" 
 To the rescue! 
 Here's a little somethin' for you whacked out suckers 
 Rollin' twenty-third, sellin' dope to cluckers 
 Your bank is thick, but you got no game 
 Spittin' at freaks runnin' superfly slang 
 I'm comin' up the ave' hard as hell 
 In a droptop 'vette with a greenwood tail 
 Girls are jockin', lookin' for a knockin' 
 Smart investments, keep me clockin' 
 You know a 'vette only got two seats 
 Just enough room for a player and a freak 
 Rollin' in the park, 'n I seen this cutey 
 L.A. face, with the Oakland booty 
 She's on tip, but I'm playin' that role 
 Talkin' to the home boys, showin' my gold 
 Skeez on bell, levi smell 
 I'm spittin' that game, and I'm spittin' it well 
 Rolled up, pulled up on the girly 
 "Girl you wanna ride in my 'vette?" 
 "Why surely!" 
 That's right baby, blowin' me a kiss 
 Thinkin' Mixalot gonna make you rich 
 Highside, highside, vapors that's right 
 Can't get play 'cause my games so tight 
 Now she's wit' it, skirts in effect 
 Layin' on the back-a my 'vette 
 I got game, I got game, You know I got game, I got game 
 Pop that game 
 Bye-bye baby, Mix gotta roll 
 Switch to the Benz and I gotta get mo' 
 Hit the strip, seen this skinny 
 Butt shook like a four twenty-six hemi 
 Not just butt, baby hadda motor 
 Stacked to the max, hair to the shoulders 
 She's older but I can mold 'er 
 Dropped that game and it hit like boulders 
 Now she's sprung, sittin' in my Benz 
 Rollin' up the tent so you can't see in 
 Playin' this tape of old Luther stuff 
 "You wanna get with me, this ain't wild enough" 
 That's a cue, sorry Luther 
 Brother you can sing, but I just can't use ya 
 Thought she was cool, but the girl likes beat 
 Freak freak freak freak, baby wanna freak 
 Def 'n' dope, "You slangin'" Nope. 
 Callin' me a dealer 'cause I sport fat rope 
 Kept poppin' that game, knowin' I can get it 
 "Take me to the lake, Mix, so we can get wit' it" 
 Oh no, time for the ramble, bring a jimmy hat 
 'Cause I hate to gamble 
 Huffed 'n' puffed 'n I just got in 
 Messin' up the backa my Benz 
 I got game girl - I got game 
 Two down, two to go. 
 Can't live a night right if I don't knock four 
 In a big five hundred S E L 
 Interior hot, with a perfume smell 
 Took it on home, hit the shower 
 'Bout to get busy in one more hour 
 Ducks look, but they never will find me 
 Hopped in my number two Benz, one ninety 
 Here a skirt, there a skirt 
 Everywhere a skirt, skirt 
 Gotta have game, if you wanna get work 
 "Ah, you ain't nothin'" 
 Some suckers wanna crush me 
 Smooth, wit' a move, baby girl. Rush me. 
 Here it is, from the wizard of hip-hop 
 A lesson in game, make the girls get hot 
 Picked up a girl named Mattie 
 Caught static from the sucker in a seven two caddy 
 Mattie was hot, but her name was "not" 
 I ain't worried 'bout that, I ain't tyin no knot 
 Took her to the hotel, game went strong 
 She thought I spent bank, but I really spent coupons 
 But it's cool, 'cause my rhyme went smooth 
 Savin' my money, 'cause my mouth is a tool 
 Rolled up close, when I hit the spit 
 I ain't worried 'bout my breath, 'cause I brush my teeth 
 Popped that game, freak got weak 
 Hit that jackpot, swept them feet 
 Mattie got busy with the bedroom eyes 
 Layin' on the big king-sized 
 I got game - I got game, girl - I got game - I got game 
 Yeah that's right home cut, I got G A M E, snatchin' up girlies 
 An' rollin' up suckers, know whatta I mean. 
 Through with Mattie that makes three 
 "I'm gonna miss you babe, you gonna miss me?" 
 Got loose 'cause the girl hadda big caboose 
 Hadda break down 'cause the girl had juice 
 "I'm gonna miss you baby" 
 Smooth ain't it? Girls so sprung that she almost fainted 
 Headin' for the crib, tired brother 
 Thinkin' I was through till I spotted me another. 
 Baby looks good so you know what the means 
 Drive around the block wit' the gangsta lean 
 Open that sun roof, crank that beat 
 Bumpin' up the avenue, impressin' them freaks 
 What's up baby? Rump so big 
 The girls on tip like funk on pigs 
 Runnin' that game, 'cause I wanna get work 
 Zip don't rip rap home girl shirt 
 Here she comes, hopped in my car 
 Somethin' 'bout my Benzo's stars-n-bars 
 Spit, spit, runnin' that game 
 I'm feelin' confident about another thick dame 
 All of a sudden, my game got crushed 
 Some sucker pulled up and his ride was plush 
 Rolled up smooth, the girls was waitin' 
 5 point Oh, twenty four K Daytons 
 Oh-oh, think quick 'cause my girls jumpin' on home boys tip 
 Better change my game, try another lure 
 'Cause home boys lookin' like Al B. Sure 
 But it's cool, 'cause I whipped out bank 
 Big dead presidents made her think 
 Back in effect, situation in hand 
 I'm the brother that the others can't stand 
 An' I got game, I got game, you know I got game