You were in the crowd at my party girl 
 I did nothing but stare 
 I looked straight in your eyes and I sing let's do it 
 But you didn't even care, Oh girl! 
 But now we're all alone 
 And your looking Oh so fine 
 I like to whisper my two things in your ear 
 And try to blow your mind, baby doll oh! 
 Put your head up on my chest 
 Feel the pounds of my heart 
 Rest assured once I lay my foundation 
 We would never fall apart, girl! 
 These crowds are paths that haunt me at night 
 Call them romantic dreams 
 But it's so realistic I toss and I turn 
 And I wake in a sweaty scream, ah! 
 A romantic interlude... [x5] 
 While driving I was thinking, as you slept in my lap 
 I was thinking of the things we could be doing, baby 
 Back at my flat, You know what I mean? Oh! 
 The sun was rising I had driven all night 
 And be weary at the wheel 
 I looked down at you while you were sleeping 
 Your beauty seems so unreal 
 You open your eyes and said 'Mix-a-lot's hours of sleep' 
 'Cause you are on my mind 
 Why don't you search for my hidden treasure 
 There's no telling what you'd find. 
 By this time I was tripping girl 
 You're such a tease 
 But it was love baby not a one night stand 
 You're not a sleaze girl, Oh! 
 A romantic interlude... [x4] 
 You woke up with a worried look on your face 
 Something was on your mind 
 You got out of bed and walked towards the window 
 And stared through my venetian blinds 
 You would turn and look at me 
 As you stood wrapped in lace 
 I crept up behind you and held you tight 
 And a tear ran down your face, Oh baby! 
 You said 'Now you got what you want!' 
 'Don't you wanna leave?' 
 I said before its love girl not a one night stand 
 Your not a sleaze, ah! 
 That frown soon turned to a smile! 
 You realised I was deep 
 Deep in love in the holistic sample of sophistication 
 In other words, My Freak! 
 I knew this songs a hard bit too 
 But the test songs full of grief 
 Making songs full of heartbreaking regret 
 It's not my belief, girl 
 To see your smile is all I want 
 Your tears I exclude 
 The next time you see me you crave, whatever! 
 Romantic interlude 
 A romantic interlude