spoken: 
 "Hey, homeys!" 
 "Who me?" 
 "Yeah, that's right. You the fly hustler." 
 "Y'all still sellin' that fake Louie, huh?" 
 "Hey! Don't be turnin' the highside up in here. You don't even got the 
 Dope..." 
 "Oh, baby, I don't need the highside, just give me some khaki's and I'm 
 Straight." 
 "Tryin' dis me, ole raggy rooty-poot runned up gangsta? Who you think you are? 
 M.C. Hammer? You can't 'ford this Louis Vuitton!" 
 "What you mean I can't afford it. Why would I wanna afford some old fake 
 Louie, baby 
 If that's real Louie, I'm Tom Cruise." 
 "Excuse me, I'd like to buy some." 
 "You don't know jack about this Louie. Take your sorry self over booth 
 Number 2 for 
 The crack pipe." 
 "Yeah, awreit. I got your crack pipe right here baby." 
 *RAP* 
 Whoa, Louis Vuitton never made a sweatsuit 
 But you're swearin' up and down, that you got the Louie boots 
 So you roll to the swap meet, girlfriend buttless 
 Rip phantom top on your seven six Cutlass 
 In the shop Louis Vee is what you seek 
 Black Knight Cortez slippin' on your feet 
 You're saggin', droop like a bawla 
 Your girl starts walkin' towards the counter, so you call her 
 Ooh, this is on. Why don't you get this for me? 
 Everytime you hit the swap meet, it's gimme, gimme, gimme. 
 A little old lady in the back starts to creep, she's deep 
 Through cazelley's she peeks 
 Her name is Mary Pong and she's got it going on 
 Swap meet weed, with the swap meet thongs 
 Leather miniskirt with the oriental draw 
 Little Mary Pong is RAW 
 She says "I wanna make your girlfriend look good" 
 Start buying all your Louie in the hood 
 And your sprung, on the two for one 
 Fake Louie at the swap meet, son 
 Now you know brown Louie is played 
 But you're drunk and you just got paid 
 So you bought the gear, little Mary says "See ya" 
 Little did you know it was "Made in Korea?" 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 That's right, tell 'em homeys 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 Right here baby 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 What you need? 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 You don't know jack about this Louie 
 Victim number two, a rich young couple from Bellvue 
 Welcome to the swap meet, another dumb couple 'bout to get beat 
 Out came little Mary Pong, she had the big Louie Vee gear on 
 The couple got sprung and the wife want some 
 Louie Vee hat with the diamonds 
 She's thinkin' she got that deal, 2 for 1 is a steal 
 The hat mighta had a L V on the back 
 But at the swap meet that ain't jack 
 But she bought it, cost about three hun 
 Mary Pong said you're the one 
 But when the girls Louie got wet she started complainin' 
 Baby girls Louie started fadin' 
 Now she's tryin' to take it back 
 But the swap meet don't play that 
 'Cause when a customer tries to intimidate 
 Mary Pong pulls a .38 
 She ain't about to get bum rushed 
 She's strapped an' she's ready to bust 
 But at the swap meet you don't pay tax 
 They're movin' out fake Louie by the batch 
 Swap Meet Louie, clockin' lotsa dolla's 
 Swap Meet Louie, we all got gold 
 Swap Meet Louie, black silk jackets 
 Swap Meet Louie, rich flaunt clout 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 Me an' Attitude Adjuster stepped smooth at a swap meet 
 Buyin' much gear for the feet 
 When we spot Mary Pong with a blank face 
 Sellin' bootleg Mixalot tapes 
 The brother bought the tape and kept steppin' 
 Mary Pong starts lookin' for a weapon 
 I got a plan 'n' I'm about to use it 
 What's up with the bootleg music? 
 Mary Pong is about to get jacked 
 She had a stack of big bootleg racks 
 Me and Attitude creeped like snakes 
 Grabbed the tapes and the Louie and break 
 The whole swap meet went crazy 
 I'm sockin' more fools than Patrick Swayze 
 Toss a mess of fake Louie in the trunk 
 Hit the gas and the tach just sunk 
 Like that, I'm outta there 
 Swift brothers like to roll in pairs 
 So we jet, to the boulevard fast 
 Slingin' swap meet Louie for cash 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 That's right, tell 'em homeys 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 Right here baby 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 What you need? 
 Swap Meet Louie, Swap Meet Louie 
 You don't know jack about this Louie