{*First twenty seconds are some movie*} 
 "In this country a man's home is his castle.." 
 (Sir Mix-a-Lot) 
 I've been jacked by the racist scum, and here I come 
 Klan, run - cause revenge is fun! And I'm that one 
 To make you tapdance with a shotgun 
 On Donahue they said they had weapons 
 Just to teach black people one lesson 
 But I ain't goin' to your school of fools 
 So come here, and look at my tools! 
 You can meet and greet the Glock 19 in your nostrils 
 I'll splatter your dreams 
 Plans to overthrow are left in limbo 
 Cause one loco bro chose to dispose of you 
 And your skinhead crew 
 I ain't a house nigga with a twenty-two 
 I dump a hollow-point slug in your windpipe 
 Try to breathe {*choking*} believe the hype 
 Cause this ain't the jungle fool 
 And I don't throw SPEARS, and I ain't leavin' here! 
 A Nazi and you ain't never SEEN Germany 
 But you was lookin' for a enemy 
 So you found a young brother with cash 
 Crashed my glass, snatched my whole stash 
 Boy I'ma getcha back, like it ain't no thang 
 Show you what I learned from the gangs 
 Stack 'em up deep in a six-nine Deuce 
 Long range scopes for the whole damn group 
 Hangin' outside a club called Moonshine 
 Waitin for the right time... 
 There he is, walkin' in the Levi's blue cut 
 The Wicked One dropped two shots in his butt 
 I can't solve racism with a gat 
 But this is where my head's at - get 'em with a jack back! 
 "You ask me the niggers around here 
 Been treated awful bad for a long time.." 
 (The Wicked One) 
 I've been sayin' this, I gotta fix em 
 I wanna fix 'em with a crucifixion 
 Nail 'em to a cross and burn em 
 Burn 'em burn 'em burn em! 
 It's been said that this would happen 
 Skanless skinheads jackin 
 All up in the crib insult for takin' my force 
 I had to break North 
 The leader had a spraypaint can 
 And on my wall wrote, 'Death to the black man' 
 Burned a cross in front of the hideout 
 Hopin they could get my race to die out 
 I'ma cause 'em PAIN, physical and mental 
 I speak slowly - through the temple 
 The Wicked One is talkin' trouble 
 Blastin skulls into pieces of puzzle 
 Damage 'em so bad, they can't stop me 
 Not enough body left to get an autopsy 
 Skinheads, stakin 'em out 
 Bloodshed, takin' 'em out 
 Caught one of em, Mix said, "Go ahead" 
 Thirty-eight, STRAIGHT to his forehead 
 I hit 'em hard and it hit the spot 
 I punish and plot with Mix-a-Lot 
 Now where's the leader at? Gotta get him back 
 Gotta get the gat, gotta get the axe 
 Call it a revengeful murderous pact... 
 Call it the jack back! 
 "Some things are worth killing for" 
 (Sir Mix-a-Lot) 
 They burned a cross in my yard, caught a brother off guard 
 But I can't cry, 'cause I'm HARD! 
 They jacked another black, but this black wants payback 
 I rack up killin' stats! 
 Now I'm on the hunt with a 12-gauge pump 
 Massive hardware's in my trunk 
 Creepin' low... and slow 
 There's one - roll down the window 
 Whassup, FOOL?! ("No!") *buck buck buck* 
 It ain't done till the punk stops breathin; 
 Watch Kunta Kinte get even! 
 It goes like that when a brother stays strapped 
 Couldn't get a job so I learned to rap 
 Livin' kinda large and the skinheads hate me 
 Run up in my house and they tried to take me 
 Now I got the metal to his dome 
 A Desert Eagle, dipped in chrome 
 I got a black stocking cap yanked over my face 
 Anger is takin' rationality's place 
 Hitler's in the house and I'm takin' him out 
 He shouts but the barrel's in his mouth 
 Before I shoot, he wants to know if I'm white or black 
 I yank my mask - this has been a jack back! 
 "These boys were trained activists.." 
 (The Wicked One) 
 I'm not a slave but the Ku Klux Klan 
 And the Aryan Nation say I am! 
 What's behind the skinheads out to getcha? 
 The reincarnation of Hitler 
 Now I got a murderous attitude 
 I'm in a put 'em in a casket mood! 
 Remember the days of slavery? 
 They hung many black men from a tree 
 We fought to be free real hard 
 And the black man's freedom must not be scarred! 
 Callin me an African Sambo 
 But after this, "American Psycho" 
 And I'll smoke any skinhead racist 
 With the black glock that's in my fist 
 And the morgue'll be packed in body stacks 
 Memories due to the jack back 
 Caught the leader of the skinhead clan 
 You know the one with the spraypaint can 
 Drilled him with a crowbar {*gargling*} DIE! 
 In the left ear, out the right eye 
 Then I took a knife to his chest 
 Carved a wicked message in a bloody mess 
 It was a warning for the rest of his pack 
 "This nigga got him with a jackback!"