Yukmouth be off the chain like a rottweiler 
 Spit flame I cock lava, became the bass baller 
 Sip 'pagne in the drop troller 
 Give game to shot callers 
 Who bring the spot prouder 
 Campaigne, off course they gonna holler (Oh boy!) 
 Nigga, bandana'ed up and tatted out 
 Bling blingin, neck, wrist and mouth platted out 
 Lavish out (Ooh!) drop tunes, livin' but sav it up (Ooh ooh) 
 Send a package out till they strike a batter out (Oh boy!) 
 If you ain't got 2 or 3 TV's and DVD's don't even ride your shit 
 If you ain't sittin' on 20's, go and buy some shit 
 When we ride and make you handcuff and hide your bitch (Oh boy!) 
 When your under arrest cause ??? all over ??? 
 And under her dress, she run to her ex 
 Puttin' hickeys all over her neck 
 She bought me a Lex 
 Playboy, it's all on a bitch (Oh boy!) 
 When you see me and my niggas come ??? 
 Got these playa hatas on hold (Oh boy!) 
 I just flipped the new big body 
 Got these playa hatas on hold (Oh boy!) 
 So much money and iced up in this ??? boy 
 Got these playa hatas on hold (Oh boy!) 
 Mami'll holla at a real playboy 
 Got these playa hatas on hold (Oh boy!) 
 Ballers check your credentials 
 You gotta be over spotted, Geneva watch and know our 
 Pockets not a presidential 
 Fuck a rental, fuck a limo 
 Ridin' luxury, descend through see them porno movies 
 Playin' in my window (Oh boy!) 
 Chokin pillows, a white spliff though indo 
 Puff X, Lou Ferrino tough acts on Armadillo 
 Bust of 'Ville dough, creepin' to the jungle the woods 
 In the Hillsboro, totin the pistol because we still roll (Oh boy!) 
 Yo Yuk plus L.T equals very roll deep 
 Gold teeth, fat belly's like Forty Fonzarelli 
 Niggas feel me, so while you twerkin' 
 Surfin on the block hurtin' 
 I was ???, workin excursions (Oh boy!) 
 Iced up, like what 
 Playa hate but ya momma and ya bitch like Yuk 
 Always ridin' on my nuts cause imma the hardest nigga to spit out the West 
 Mouth full of diamonds, I'll swallow ice shit out baguettes (Oh boy!) 
 Cop a dollar, pop a bottle pop a pill 
 If you about the dollar bill that'll make ya swallow steel 
 Just because I got a deal, that doesn't mean I'm not for real 
 Bitch I'm straight up out the 'Ville, my niggas kill for the scrill' (Oh boy!) 
 I smoke like a chimney, drink Remy till its empty 
 I'm the hottest thing since 20's on Bently's 
 I'm simply, baller-ific went from roaches on the water ridges 
 To smokin' ??? up in this (Oh boy!) 
 Now we have the ass for cash 
 Playstation in the Range, Dreamcast in the Jag 
 Navigation in the dash, situation on fast 
 Lavish pack platinum package platinum pieces to match (Oh boy!) 
 I keep a rolla, make ya tuck in ya gold 
 I'm iced out finger fuckin' ya hoe 
 Gettin' sucked in the 'Rove 
 Or catch beef, roll up that Extasy 
 Broken heavily smokin' 
 Live and direct from East Oakland (Oh boy!)