Welcome. 
 It is I that you see. 
 Little boys an girls... Revelationz. 
 Listen. 
 Why do the good die young, an the bad mutha fuckas live fo ever? 
 'Cause nigga, we livin' on hell nigga. 
 This is hell mutha fuckas. 
 Uh. 
 All my life it's like I'm fuckin' around wit the wrong people 
 Make a movie about my life an it be a long sequel 
 Bout people livin' off free-be's an brick cheese 
 That's how that shit be's, out here you have to grind to get g's 
 No Bently flippin less yo name is Felix Mitchell listen 
 Little boys an girls my mama could barely pay the fuckin' rentin 
 My daddy is surely gotta be somewhere in this world pimpin' 
 White bitches fo doe, he was a jiggalo livin' in women 
 He used to take me an my Village potnas to go swimmin 
 He drove a BMW, they father drove a lemon 
 Nigga in the end my mama kept spendin money on gin an drugs 
 I had to sleep on the fuckin' rug where the roaches was 
 I hung wit thugs always rollin' dice an pumpin gas 
 To get some cash 
 You had to store the coke, we mop his ass 
 My pops would give me cash, but my mama would take it from me 
 If I didn't give it to her, she'd beat my ass butt-naked homie 
 The only way I would see a movie was out wit the homies 
 I'm always bummy, had no money, they would pay it fo me 
 My daddy told me when I was very young 
 That he was on the run, I heard him mention somethin' about Colombians 
 An I could come stay wit him if I didn't like the way that moms treat me 
 I juss didn't like the way that moms beat me 
 Wit Tonka toys, in front of my boys hit me wit objects 
 So I juss 
 Got to sky the fuck up out these projects 
 I left behind my moms an sisters so relentless 
 Never thought they'd get evicted an be sleepin' on benches 
 My pops was on some pimp shit, sewin up Frisco on O'Farro 
 5-0 kicked down the door, he flushed the elbow 
 There goes another nigga straight to the pen 
 By the age 10, done lived wit every relative, an friend I know 
 Here I go again 
 Livin' wit my grama, then my auntie 
 My uncle 
 Where ever I go niggas would gank me fo my bundle 
 Swindle my check, wit Section 8 an medi-cal benefits 
 But me I wasn't gettin' shit 
 Spend my shit on nay kids 
 That's what they did 
 Fuck relatives 
 If I don't do my thang now, I never lived 
 Never gone get it if you sit on yo ass 
 So fuck math class 
 I'm on the Ave wit crack fo that ass 
 Like son like dad 
 I love the smell of money, hash an zig-zags 
 Look at the back of my ass, beat the sag, it's big cash 
 Involved but 
 We all get caught up an sent to juvenille halls 
 Scrape yo turf on the wall, in county drawls 
 My mama abused alcohol 
 My pops an inmate 
 An me I'm sweepin halls to intake 
 Hate 
 My mama carried the weight ain't seen my pops since '86 
 Every year, in an outta jail fo crazy shit 
 So much shady shit done happened to me, I can't put it behind me 
 The Lord took my mama life in '93 
 God bless her soul 
 'Cause she was caught up in a, house hold fire at a rehab so we sued they 
 Ass 
 This shit makin' me mad 
 High ass lawyer we had Melvin Bell, I tried to tell my sister that he'd 
 Get paid half 
 Settlement, me 56 G's 
 My big sister 56 G's 
 My little sister 106 G's 
 Ripley's wont believe that for the life of my mama they only gave us a 
 Quarter a mill ticket to split 
 I can't deal wit this shit 
 I wish you was here to see me get this deal wit Chris, an No-Trybe 
 Mama you died I cried 
 'Cause you missed 
 The gold an platinum plaques 
 I bet you never thought yo little black ass son could rap 
 Now I'm breakin off scratch 
 An burnin zags wit Sparkle 
 That's my little sister askin the Lord why did you make her life so 
 Awful 
 Next thing you know my pops go 
 In '95 he died of AID's 
 It's either suicide of cry fo days 
 An weeks an months 
 Blowin' blunts, keep away flashes 
 No funeral caskets, juss two vases wit ashes 
 I ask if, he spare my life 
 'Cause all I got is my nieces, my two sisters, an my wife 
 Recite behind the mic the type of shit that niggas like 
 Fo the first time in my life I'm makin' bread, doin' it right 
 But at night seems like I'm hunted 
 Probably because jackmoves an licks I've done it 
 What goes around comes around, hollow point tip rounds to my stomach 
 Bitches 
 Screamin at Summit 
 That's how you busta niggas want it 
 But I still juss get blunted in big six hundreds 
 Niggas done, done it 
 Done deal nigga, been there like Dre 
 Blowin' hay in the air on the free-way 
 Pray 
 Forgive me God is what I would say 
 I gotta lot of days to count 
 Blessed, went from claimin sets wit yay up in my mouth 
 See task an bounce 
 Now I blow hash at half an ounce 
 Smoke out to the facial blessed to be livin' on hell mutha fucka! 
 'Cause this is hell nigga. 
 If you ain't know, nigga. 
 This hell nigga. 
 Right now. 
 Armegeddon. 
 Nigga, done deal. 
 Done deal. 
 Uh. 
 This live. 
 Every nigga done had this shit happen to 'em, you know what I'm sayin'. 
 All my potnas, every nigga I tell that I went through, they do, done did 
 The same shit. 
 Let's do it, juss salute niggas. 
 Juss do our thang, fuck everybody, let's ride this shit. 
 Do yo t hang blaze, get shermed out all that shit, whatever. 
 Mushrooms an shit, Xtacy's an all that shit, let's get high an juss 
 Reminise about all that dangerous shit we done went through. 
 An ask yoself..."why the fuck am I here?" 
 'Cause this is hell nigga. 
 An the good die early, an the mutha fuckin' bad stay fo ever, 'cause yo ass 
 On hell nigga, 'cause you a bad mutha fucka like me. 
 Done deal, uh, uh. 
 (Livin' in hell, dead mutha fuckas, uh) 
 (Livin' in hell, dead niggas dwell, uh) 2x 
 This Earthel is hell mutha fucka.