(DJ hurricane) 
 East, west, check this out 
 Check it, ye-yeah, ye-yeah 
 East east, west west, south south... 
 (Chorus: DJ hurricane) 
 I got that east coast connect, west coast connect 
 Dirty south connect, so show some respect 
 When my niggaz comin' through you see we comin' correct 
 Who are you, what you do, who you tryin' to threat? 
 (Xzibit) 
 I'm the wrong cat to call out; we fall out 
 The police gon' have some dead bodies to haul out 
 All out in the open for the world to see 
 Avire-x to the z-I, be-I-t 
 V.i.p., you're small time, three on three 
 Cause you can't ball accurately, tackle the beast 
 Stomp it down, slap it with heat, bitch behave 
 Shit, we blaze to make a nigga act his age 
 I'm tryin' to write the phrase that pays 
 You kick it with gays, dykes, and all type of wackness 
 Preach what you practice 
 Here we separate the real niggaz from the actors 
 A&r's, MC searchin, suck my cactus! 
 Blackness surround your sight and sound 
 As xzibit hit you and you hit the ground 
 My chips ain't never gon' be down, watch me smoke 
 And flatline the first nigga to cross this line 
 (Gipp) 
 It's the gipp goodie, we kick the soul slang 
 To yo' block, or they streets, we all gon' hang 
 We like to shine and ride, bump corners in our bumper cars 
 Top down, with the candy paint job 
 Import export up and down the highway 
 Old ladies transportin straight through the skyways 
 In the corner in the five (?) I got purple haze 
 Fat knot short sess with the tree ton (?) 
 These streets we run, rapper refund 
 You ridin' up but we want yo' flows old like girbauds 
 We hold, everything it takes to create the odes 
 To north to the west to the south again 
 If it's war that you want just pull the pin 
 Rules we don't break 'em, we refuse to bend 
 If you don't build right you better take yo' ass home 
 Cause some catch stray bullets all alone 
 (Pharoahe monch) 
 I got the chevy impala shit, street scholar with 
 Collarless, Japanese aikido with, rottweiler mixed 
 Top dollar dick now, swallow my whole nut rap 
 Gun in my mouth, pop shit, still sayin', "fuck that" 
 You have to listen, brew, trapped in a tragic addiction 
 Styles, multiply like Japanese mathematicians 
 Cut cause chaos - my kicks kill criminals 
 I'm the subliminal adolf 
 I'm the bomb that's attached to the time of a ticker 
 Figure or swastika 
 Quicker to pick a form of execution, pull it 
 Bullet, to the head instead of eletrocution 
 The rambunctious, bump in yo' trunk shit 
 Totally insane, hurricane with pharoahe monch, gipp 
 Xzibit the west coast (? ?) (? ?) we got 
 New york wearin slippers and the south wearin hoodies 
 (DJ hurricane) 
 Ye-yeah, uh-huh, ye-yeah 
 Give it up, uh-huh (dirty south) ye-yeah, ye-yeah 
 Give it up, uh-huh, give it up, shake it 
 Uh-huh, kick it (dirty south) uh-huh 
 Shake it... uh-huh, shake it 
 C'mon, give it up (dirty south) 
 {*Fades out*}