C.I.A (Criminals In Action) - Zack De La Rocha, The Last Emperor and KRS-ONE 
 Yeah! yeah! yeah! yeah! yeah! yeah! 
 KRS-1 coming through... Big Zack... Last Emperor 
 Woo! Woo!...that's the sound of EMS... 
 (Ha Ha!)...Last Emperor, KRS... 
 (Ha Ha!)...Big Zack you know the rest... 
 Now we gonna come down like this now, hold tight, all crew... LISTEN! 
 This voice shatters the calm of the day like an alarm 
 So wake up battered youth; and take up arms 
 'Cause more is necessary than vocabulary war 
 'Cause the toxic rock import's gettin on your door 
 C.I.A. I'll see you later; 'cause your time is coming soon 
 I flip the shit like Pacino and it's your Dog Day Afternoon 
 Attica! Attica!, drug agents you bring your static-a 
 My alphabet will slash that neck and flip you, automatica. Dramatic; Like Ali Shaheed Mohammed brought the vibe 
 I'll bring the sun at red dawn upon the thoughts of Frantz Fanon 
 So stand at attention devil dirge; 
 You'll never survive choosing sides against the wretched of the earth 
 The infiltrator 
 Child intoxicator 
 People incarcerator 
 Liberation movement annhilator 
 We got you clocked pushing rocks and it failed 
 We got brothers trooping subways like the Ho Chi Mihn trail 
 We got the truth at it, Last Emperor, KRSin' history manifestin' 
 Tomorrow's next lesson. 
 You claim I'm selling' crack; but you be doing that (2X) 
 You know the cops they got a network for the toxic rock! 
 You claim I'm selling' crack; but you be doing that 
 So get that flashlight outta my face! 
 You claim I'm selling' crack; but you be doing that 
 The Last Emperor, KRS-ONE and big Zack 
 As free market, capitalism and technology expands 
 The third world's fertile soil becomes a dessert wasteland 
 So it takes fans to demand the government provide answers 
 When Lady Liberty has me bewitched like Samantha, 
 And poverty is one of the most malignant forms of cancer 
 To all my black magic romancers and acid rain dancers, 
 Develop close ties like Jerry Seinfeld and George Costanza 
 We fear no man and throw jams that attack Counter Intelligence Programs 
 Exiting like the epic adventures of Conan, 
 I colonize minds like Zaire by the Belgians 
 Now what hell is the problem with this system and what it sells us 
 I break the aincient ... billets like Wycleff did the zealots 
 I saw an iron curtain called Hip-Hop and got it opened like Boris Yeltsen 
 Whirlwinds, tornadoes and the rain forest if you say so, 
 KRS and the last Emperor roll like the Green Hornet and Kato 
 Zack De La Rocha brings the enraged flow; 
 But all three drop science and become the most powerful alliance since N.A.T.O. 
 Need I say the C.I.A. be criminals in action 
 Cocaine, crack unpackin' high surveillance trackin', 
 Prominent blacks and whites giving orders for mass slaughters 
 I want all my daughters to be like Maxine Waters 
 When they flooded the streets with crack/cocaine I was like Noah 
 Now they lower 'cause the whole Cold War is over 
 Communism fell to the dollars you were grabbin & 
 All the assault and battering; in the name of Intelligence gathering? 
 Now it's calm and you're battling a losing fight 
 I chose the mic to recite, ignite light in the night, aiiight 
 We should beat 'em President Clinton should delete 'em 
 It's not hard the CIA simply has no more job 
 Oh my Goddess mother you can fix this 
 We rock over mixes not 666's 
 Yo this is the message to all that can hear it 
 If you got secret information now's the time to share it 
 Call your Congress woman, your Senator, your Mayor 
 It's time for all the scholars to unite with all the playas 
 Rearrange and see times are definetely changing G. 
 They used to tap the phone now they're tapping while you're paging me 
 It's crazy B. yet it's plain to see who's the enemy who's left? 
 The NRA, the ATF, the AMA, ok, ok, it's all irrelevant 
 'Cause in the new millennium; there'll be no Central Intelligence.