Nigga youse a... 
 (AMG) 
 Uh uh! Yeah, uh 
 Uh, uh, uh 
 One time for you mind 
 Uh, uh, uh 
 Youse a... sucka... 
 Yeah, yes 
 I once met a nigga who was cool and shit 
 So what? So I let him hang with my click 
 Said he pimped hoes, and he knew how to make ends 
 Said he even had a Benz 
 And a house in Atlanta, G-A, and in L.A. 
 And he fucked different hoes every day-ah 
 I said, "Nigga since we all in the same game 
 Might as well let our motherfuckin nuts hang" 
 But shit got funny when it came down to makin' money 
 Found out he was a dummy 
 And the pussy made him sway 
 And it wasn't no different hoe each and every day 
 But trip, that ain't it, he went out like a bitch 
 Sayin' my shit was his shit (nah) 
 Now he's on the way to player's court 
 Gettin' charged for fakin the funk 
 You little punk, youse a sucka 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love (nigga youse a sucka) 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love (punk youse a sucka) 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love (check this out) 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love... 
 (AMG) 
 I got a homey who calls me a captain 
 'Cause I get a lot of hoes from the rappin' 
 But I ain't no trick, I'm into hoe hoppin 
 But guess who I see in the mall shoppin'? 
 Diggin way down deep in them Kani sweats 
 Spendin dough on a hoe that he ain't bumped yet 
 And he don't wanna see me, but I make it known 
 Cause the hoe that he with I already boned 
 And the bitch actin' like she don't know a brother 
 And this nigga holdin' on to her like he love her 
 I looked him dead in the face and said, "Whassup Trace? 
 (Nigga) Ask you girl how my dick taste" 
 And he wanted to fight, talkin' bout I ain't right 
 (Nigga please) Nigga flyin like a kite 
 Now he got two babies by her and he still 
 Callin me a liar, she's his wife and he's a sucka for life 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love (nigga youse a sucka for life) 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love (sucka youse a sucka for life) 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love (for life) 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love ... (for life) 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love (and y'all hoes out there..) 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love... 
 (AMG) 
 Now in ninety-fo', hoes gettin' lucky 
 Like a four leaf clover, but I'm still a Rover (woof) 
 And it's kinda strange, when you see 'em rollin' in the Range 
 With a coach bag full of cash 
 Wearin Donna Karan but I ain't sharin my money witcha freak 
 You can call me cheap 
 Or you can call me crazy, whatcha gonna do 
 When your ass get fat and lazy, house full of babies 
 And don't blame it on your baby's daddy (uh uh) 
 Cause you let him buy ya, then you let him try ya 
 And when he left you was broker than a joke (uh uh) 
 Lookin' for another, so you can pucker 
 Up your lips, and kiss him on the thang thang 
 Whip it on him real good, and it's the same game 
 So who you tryin' to fool and clown 
 I'ma hound from my head to the ground 
 Beitch, so bitch get a sucka 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love (you better get a sucka) 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love (hoe) 
 Nigga youse a sucka for love (bitch get a sucka) 
 Bitch, youse a sucka for love 
 Bitch youse a sucka for love (uh) 
 Nigga, youse a sucka for love 
 Bitch youse a sucka for love... 
 (AMG) 
 Aoww, niggaz out there, playin' trick or treat 
 And hoes out there 
 Tryin' to rob a nigga for his ends 
 Eat a dick up... 
 Yeah, cause nigga youse a sucka for love 
 If you're fallin' for that 
 Yeah... 
 Yeah, welcome to the A.M. y'all 
 Uh... 
 And no can do hoe 
 Bitch, get a sucka for love