We get ghost, you already know what it is 
 Money stuffed in my bag 
 Maybach shit! 
 Cameras in the ceiling, Céline on my arm 
 Bright lights and dark corners as night embark on us 
 Refugees running wild, Wyclef with a SIG Sauer 
 Nothing to lose, I was starving from the start 
 Now the same cat driving Jaguars 
 Open fire when you see me yell out and make 'em whisper 
 The club that I'm a member, they'll be gone by November 
 Keys to the city got killers who slither with me 
 Lamborghini, middle of the ghetto, smoke a fat fifty 
 Billionaire bid, wrists on chill 
 Standing in the field of dreams, tryna see a hundred mil 
 These boys going blind they just happy being free 
 In a world of so many I just wanted me a key 
 Sheesh! I just wanted me a piece 
 Slice of cheesecake before my niggas all deceased 
 These boys snort lines, I'm fine just sipping wine 
 Amsterdam in the air, tomorrow on my mind 
 I'm Berry Gordy to the streets 
 With a kilo, so that boy had been a beast 
 I wanna be there when each one of my kids born 
 Royal blood, hundred acres each to live on 
 Real nigga to the day that I'm deceased 
 Even then I pray I'm living through these beats 
 Dope boy, you can tell by my sneaks 
 Burning Amsterdam green where it falls like a leaf 
 Born in the bricks with the short end of the stick 
 Always running late, quick to show up with your bitch 
 The Hublot's cool but my Terminator's foolish 
 All stainless steel, quick to match it with my tool and 
 Red carpet event, the marijuana be lit 
 Red or blue, do you, as long as you're getting rich 
 Crack game, champagne, kilos on the stock exchange 
 Rolls Royce, new Ghost, that's a nigga pocket change 
 These niggas acting like they want a war! 
 When it come to whacking niggas I done won awards 
 Nigga, you a bitch, where yo' Honda Accord? 
 I'm riding in some shit only I can afford 
 Shouldn't claim the hood till you build a rapport 
 Amsterdam state of mind: I just gave you a tour 
 I'm laughing at the people who label me poor 
 Now I piss on Europeans, you'd think it was porn 
 I'm speaking on unwritten laws -- the code of the streets 
 I'm not the type of nigga that you bump into at a 7-11 and just pull your pistol on him 
 And do what the fuck you want to do 
 Niggas like me, you gotta get permission homie! 
 And that could take a long time! 
 In that time, I'mma handle my muthafuckin business... 
 Wough! Wough! 
 It's the red light district, nigga this Amsterdam 
 Wherever the fuck I'm at 
 It's a no go 
 We greenlight you bitch niggas 
 Rozay!