I love a Daytona rose gold Rolex, the black face, a good Fendi fur, some Tom Ford thigh high's and a crocodile Birkin. I'm set. I'm not basic right here 
 Not basic? (Not basic) 
 Nah, no basic bitches allowed 
 Why? What they do? 
 Basic bitches make me nervous. Yes. They make me nervous. You wanna impress? Here, I'm gon' show you. If you're a boss, this stack right here falls out of your pocket, you don't even got time to pick it up. (You keep walking) You don't got time. You keep going. It's probably not worth your time. (Your minutes cost more than the stack.) Keep it moving. (Alrght.) Keep it fresh. (Keep it fresh. Keep it money, baby. All day.) It's our money dance. I have my basic bitches pick up my money for me. I pay my basic bitches to pick up my money for me 
 All right, that's cool 
 I tell 'em keep it. Buy something nice. I heard Raven's having a sale. Yes. You know the real boss bitches though? Call up George Condo. Make me a fucking one of a kind 
 One of one's? 
 One of one's 
 How much was it? 
 Priceless, baby 
 Priceless. So what's a typical shopping day for y'all? How much? Like on a tab? 
 Typical shopping -- it's never typical with me 
 That day you -- that day you go- 
 It depends on what kind of mood I'm in that day 
 You're in the mood to shop 
 I'm in the mood to shop? 
 Right 
 Can't put a price on it 
 She doesn't wanna make you nervous 
 I don't wanna make you nervous, baby. I don't wanna make you nervous 
 I don't think you can. I ain't been nervous in a minute, in a while 
 You sure? You're not nervous right now? 
 Do I look nervous? I'm relaxed 
 Yeah? 
 I'm so relaxed. I'm probably too relaxed 
 You're relaxed 
 Yeah 
 Let's make him a little nervous 
 How are we gonna make you nervous? 
 Give him my number 
 I don't think you can 
 You sure? My shoes don't make you nervous? 
 Not at all 
 Are you sure? My wrists? 
 That's a nice wrist 
 How about my earrings? They make you nervous? 
 Nah 
 Nah? My weave make you nervous? 
 You wanna know what basic bitches do? They wash their hair with shampoo. You know what we wash our hair with? 
 I wash my hair with fucking champagne, baby. (All day) Champagne. (All day) 
 I hope it's Belaire Rosé 
 I bathe in Belaire Rosé. I have people wash me in Belaire Rosé. People fucking throw rose petals at me when I walk by. They throw Belaire Rosé 
 Why they do that? 
 I'm a fucking boss. Ugh. Was that good? How was that? Ugh. I can't take life. Was that great? 
 But there really is a lot of money on the floor. What is that?