See if I wanna ride (x2), on the shine (x2), I'ma get that bread 
 See I'll be on my grind all the time in the streets to survive gonna shake them feds 
 (Verse 1:Rick Ross) 
 I was moving major work when I vibed on the street 
 Razor blades on the jag raise a blade in the cheek shit sweet 
 I quit sleeping in the streets it's all complete now 
 Big house, new car, nice watch made man, airplane 
 Got a hand in every pot 
 We pan every cock, ? can every shot it all comes to meet now 
 The judgment don't wanna fuck with get your touch bitch 
 I'm focused, flyin' ? snortin' on foes, seeking beef 
 Smoking murder on the Don, you don't wanna see me 
 I pull the seemie in 3D the first 3B freebies, wanna ?? 
 Carol city raised, Carol city raised, ? on the booby boys Carol city days 
 The game on you, can you stand on your own two? 
 Hundred and thirty murders, my dawg comin' home too 
 (Verse 2:Cinque) 
 I shake the feds like a dice game 
 Raised by the OGs shoot a precise aim 
 Besides game ice all on my bright lane 
 Keep the heart top, 'cause you never know my mind frame 
 Yeah, keep my eyes on the forecast 
 ? Rise too high and that's your ass 
 That's your bad nigga I ain't new to this 
 Take your head off tryin' to play me all sorts of stupid shit 
 Ask Ludacris? I'm finally gettin' stupid rich 
 And with a kryptonite chain on we the super? 
 I got a gangster team 
 That'll aim any stupid nigga scheme to separate me from queen 
 Man let's squad the ultimate regime, ?? got a? 
 And I sink you can call me? 
 126s yell sippin' ?? 
 (Verse 3:Big Duke) 
 Now niggas know me, I'd be on a motherfucking block 
 Beat a bitch on the plot with a Glock and a wife beater 
 Post about white reeger for you high-head can't believe my pistol got a heatseeker 
 So if you think about a plot you'd better think deeper 
 Or you'll end up old news like my first beeper 
 You ain't even got a ? I'm a reaper 
 Night creeper, ??? white people 
 Niggas don't ? play no games 
 I can stress this enough I don't fuck with lames 
 ? Hollerin' about he insane 
 Watch how sane he gonna' get, watch how I snatch his? 
 I put pussies in their place 
 In their place they settle their bet not up in my face 
 A lot of niggas fake, but not in my case 
 Niggas can't floss, not in my space