Im Bad (I'm bad) I'm Back (I'm back), I'm Mad (I'm mad) I'm strapped (I'm strapped) 
 Nigga What You Want Nigga who you wit 
 Came wit my dogs leavin' wit a bitch 
 I'm bad (I'm bad) I'm back (I'm back), I'm mad (I'm mad) I'm strapped (I'm strapped) 
 Nigga what you want nigga who you wit 
 Came Wit my dogs leavin' wit a bitch 
 Ain't no limit to the shit I start 
 Automatic start on that big white car. Pearl pink jar nigga you can't rob. 4 chains and a watch pocket full of knots. Spots, Imma get my stacks. This crack comin' back like that income tax. Told you once he told you twice. You need more than a knife You wanna rock that ice. I'm bad, magazines up the ass. stolen yellow cab come squeeze on yo ass. He a flash, all black mask. Rappin' ass nigga talkin' all that jazz. Ride up on him show him how we get down. 100 rounds in his crown butt naked and he pound. Tell the truth that nigga be rippin, ain't it man. just got a Chevy and I got my shit painted man. 
 Used to be on the corner, on marijuana. Now its marijuana from California. Big buds, bitches wit big butts. Big BMW's home of the dick sucks. My Bob Marley is bumpin like bitch what. My money bumper to bumper now bitch what. I'm bad I'm back. I'm mad I'm strapped. 
 Nigga what you want nigga who you wit. Came wit my dog leavin' wit a bitch. I don't see no nigga when I'm on the grind, all I see is hoe niggas when I'm on the grind. 45 no nigga, know I'm holdin' mine. Imma knock his ass down if its own his mind. Tell the truth that nigga be rippin ain't it man, just got a Benz and I got my shit painted man. 
 B for the bullets in niggas who gotta die. A for the addicts and junkies who gettin' high. D for the dope distributed at the dock. Still on the block clock no socks. 
 B for the bass bitch I gotta boom. A for the ass in my hotel room. D for the dick, dick that I slang. Since money talk, I'm addicted to my slang. B for the bang. A for the K. D ditch the car for the smooth get away. I'm bad, I poke yo ass in the nose wit a cold 44 now he cold on the floor. layin on his back like he posed for a hoe, when you actin' like a bitch gotta go gotta go. Tell the truth that nigga be rippin ain't it man. Just got a hummer and I got my shit painted man.