Lil' Wayne: 
 E-Class! 
 I think we got a problem 
 Yeah... 
 (Verse 1: Lil' Wayne) 
 Big money in this bitch if you didn't knew. 
 Big business minus the business suit. 
 Even I look in the mirror like "Is it you?" 
 And I say I must be the hottest if it isn't you. 
 Stay fresh from my top to my tennis shoes. 
 New coop, no top, big tennis shoes. 
 Never slipped, not even on the side of a swimming pool. 
 We don't get rid of Q 
 We get rid of fools. 
 They said I couldn't play football I was too small. 
 They say I could'ntplay basketball I wasn't tall. 
 They say I could'ntplay baseball at all. 
 And now everyday of my life I ball. 
 And they say it ain't rainin' until someone assassinate 
 And I feel like MLK 
 Yeah... I have a dream to be your worst nightmare 
 Now meet the boss of the cartel. 
 (Verse 2: Rick Ro$$) 
 I'm a 7 9 Satan, sittin' on Lorenzzes. 
 And I seem really patient picture the equation. 
 People takin' pictures and they really gettin' fragrant. 
 Flaggin' down my spaceship, sergeant searchin' for a fragrance. 
 Yayo, Yayo, he wanna sniff the yayo, flyin' saucer on the hasa 
 In the casa just to lay-low. 
 Make more (money man) that the model for the mob, 
 Need a blowjob my model, get a model for the job. 
 Go hard, no job, hustler, no prob, poster, 
 Nigga what finger fuck you whole squad. 
 40 around spendin' doe, flippin' for my kin 'fo 
 Luxury Tax on them packs if you didn't know 
 Bought a new crib, niggas feelin' like I hid. 
 3.2 but I just did it for the kids. 
 More guns than a pawn shop 
 Got my whole arm rocked. 
 Keep the 760 double parked in the wrong spot. 
 Still hustlin'... 
 Boss. 
 (Chorus: Lil' Wayne) 
 Yeah... You gotta pay for this 
 I remember when I used to pray for this. 
 This, this is classic 
 So this shit you might never see again. 
 And we Taxin' you don't want it nigga leave it then. 
 And we Taxin' you don't want it nigga leave it then. 
 And we ain't tryin' to see the pen 
 Like a needle in a hay stack we ain't tryin' to see the pen. 
 This is a Luxury Tax. 
 (Verse 3: Young Jeezy) 
 I don't ask them baby I just Tax 'em baby 
 Let's go. 
 Yeah imagine this 
 No imagine that. 
 Gave me my sack like, good luck gettin' back. 
 (Yeah...) 
 I'm like how the fuck I'm gonna get outta there? 
 And if I'm not careful 
 Leave 'em the same place they find him there. 
 And I'm a winner if I make it cross the finish line 
 Puttin' food on the table like it's dinnertime. 
 And this is what you call stereotypin' about fuck? 
 Can you tell me my your dog keep sniffin' my car? 
 Huh? Got the audacity to call me a liar. 
 (So what you got in your trunk?) 
 Oh, just a spare tire. 
 You niggas talked blow 
 While I sold mine. 
 Like a bad crape, it's lockin' up in no time. 
 More time in the kitchen then I spent in the studio 
 Case paradise & I ain't talkin' about Coolio. 
 Can't lie, still addicted to the odor 
 Got a ice cold Pepsi 
 But still thinkin' Coca-Cola. 
 (Laughing) 
 (Chorus: Lil' Wayne) 
 Yeah... You gotta pay for this 
 I remember when I used to pray for this. 
 This, this is classic 
 So this shit you might never see again. 
 And we Taxin' you don't want it nigga leave it then. 
 And we Taxin' you don't want it nigga leave it then. 
 And we ain't tryin' to see the pen 
 Like a needle in a hay stack we ain't tryin' to see the pen. 
 This is a Luxury Tax. 
 (Verse 4: Trick Daddy) 
 I'm up early in the morning & I'm dressed in black. 
 Hold on, every morning I get dressed in black. 
 While your half ass lookin' at my pants saggin' 
 I'm gettin' money and my swagin' and black flaggin'. 
 Million dollar status, fully automatic. 
 Heavy on the henny and even harder on the women. 
 If it wasn't for reverend 
 I probably would pimpin' and shit. 
 Pops, my papai, has already hear me. 
 I Tried trappin' shit sent me to prison, 
 Got mad and went to savage so homicide came to visit. 
 I smell gun powder 
 So you got 1 hour to come up with every damn dollar 
 Or your dun-dollar. 
 It cost a ball dogg 
 Especially when the players on your team 
 Consider you as the ball hog. 
 You treat me like Shaq 
 And you Kobe but I didn't say you owe me nigga. 
 But act like you know me nigga. 
 (Chorus: Lil' Wayne) 
 Yeah... You gotta pay for this 
 I remember when I used to pray for this. 
 This, this is classic 
 So this shit you might never see again. 
 And we Taxin' you don't want it nigga leave it then. 
 And we Taxin' you don't want it nigga leave it then. 
 And we ain't tryin' to see the pen 
 Like a needle in a hay stack we ain't tryin' to see the pen. 
 This is a Luxury Tax.