This here's for the real money makers ridin' clean 
 Pockets on ugh shorty talkin' on the jean 
 Never get caught 'cause my dip game mean 
 Sippin' that lean, the fuck is you mean 
 My game green with your money round here 
 Ridin' [?] blowing kush in the air 
 Chopper on the lap case a nigga actin' tall in it 
 Dip it in the bub' way before it's gettin' started 
 (Verse 1: Rick Ross) 
 I'm not stuck in the game, I fuck with the game 
 Sleep late, a nice brunch at P. F. Chang's 
 Lettuce rap, fresh pineapple juice 
 Sip a Cosmo while I lie in Malibu 
 I get the truck washed while I'm sittin' inside 
 If you feel this, wait till I'm spittin' that live 
 If you livin' a lie, you gotta face the dirt 
 Fully automatics and a few racial slurs 
 Eye of the tiger [?] survivor and if a nigga sound like me I'm more than likely the author, leader 
 Slaughter, lead the war, great right 
 I stay tight with the straight type 
 And take white to the head late night 
 Stay tight slay [?] straight dykes, what you pay like? 
 Fo' five six, how I roll my shit 
 One of the six five, I sold my shit 
 (Verse 2: Gillie Da Kid) 
 See 'em like Jack Tripper, 3 bitches I'm living comfortably 
 Roll with me and my guns cause three is company 
 And they don't like us, feds wanna indict us 
 Sentence us with the lifers but snitchin' ain't like us 
 How I roll, I stick to the code 
 I was getting bankrolls while your ass was in diapers 
 Gillie, you see I let the techs speak 
 Held a nigga 350 hundred pounds next week 
 I hit 'em righty in the ground next week 
 Golden on Saturday, it's going down next week 
 We get money homie we don't wish 
 I cook a [?] pizza, colored in deep dish 
 I re-up ever week quick, so it's needless to say 
 I'm getting' money hater 
 And while you're talkin' 'bout bitches, I'm talkin' 'bout paper 
 Acres, so much layin' I never see my neighbors 
 (Verse 3: Reed Dollaz) 
 Ice cream scooper, those about 400 that's just my footwear, c'mon 
 Bang bang to the death of me 
 Hoes see I'm the chef I got the recipe 
 So it's best you should know, dolla all about his paper 
 That's why all grandpas, uncles and brothers be hating me 
 I break 'em down from A to Z, don't play with me 
 Not toy brick, no joy-stick, no playing me 
 Hey, the chicks feeling my swag 
 The hood scream: 'Reed get in your back!' 
 So which one? Louis Vitton or the ice cream [?] 
 Ice cream sneaks too, my socks match that 
 [?] Who gon' stop that? You gon' stop that? 
 You get popped that, teddy bear, candles, right where the block at 
 Bullet went through the front, brains flew out back, ugh