Yeah, I'm really a nice guy, I say that to say this 
 I've seen a few dirt bags I head I need to be knocked off 
 I can't get to you right now, I'm under surveillance 
 So basically, the government giving you a lifeline 
 But me and my nigga ? keep it simple and plain baby 
 You know, I'ma come? 
 It's important how they ? me 
 Or if revolvers spin like rays, in my low fade 
 I'll recall coppin' work with tips my hole saved 
 I'mma smack ? if I get no played 
 No hard feelings, I gotta ball my heart 
 Time to scar the city, who ridin' with me? 
 Next in line, the ballman right hand of the Don 
 Your life lie right here on my palm 
 And when you fuck up that, right there in my ball 
 Target use,? with Scott missiles, cock pistols 
 Come and get me gangster, I left the doors unlocked 
 And when terf's not around, I'm the one that call the shots 
 Ball the blocks, ? the Glocks, keep all the blocks 
 And bitches ? the tops ? stop 
 We all on top ? we call the tops 
 Speak for the block, speak French for the cops 
 Sweet links full of rocks ? for the narcs 
 Pig meat to the socks, Beijing bitch in the drop 
 Wink to the cops, we could make a bitch stop speak to the cop 
 Simple and plain, we comin' to it triple the game 
 Sniffing the caine, dipping the rain sick in the brain 
 Simple and plain, we comin' to it triple the game 
 Cripple your fame, dip in the range, we sick in the brain 
 Who would ever think it would come down to us? 
 When so much jealousy surrounded us 
 Back to back ? weaponry surrounded us 
 Survive the heat, we coming with the loudest shit 
 In the path I supply the bricks, I handle dimes and nicks 
 Clothes, shop around five or six 
 Shop for clothes, spread around five or six 
 Apply the rules, ? when we fry the fools 
 Silent gooks violent ? Carol city it's fine as cool 
 Hide the tools, in a violent ? play ? rules 
 You ride with who? Allies join hands, lets unite the states 
 I don't like to wait, I like to waste, celebrate, like? 
 Make a wits and keep it to yourself 
 Look the way I spit, I can't keep it to myself 
 Took a leap into the wealth, keep you bleedin' in yourself 
 I came from semen on the shelf 
 ? You know ? I walk on water 
 Sign autographs, have you chalk for a porter 
 Any further information please contact my lawyer 
 Under surveillance, by agents across the border 
 Squeeze fund from slums, to south? 
 ? And guns, throughout my quarters 
 Your negative vibe, tellin' me you're beggin to die 
 The weapon will fry your left side, from your head and you die 
 AK back seat and at a '75 ready to fire 
 Touch me for my ? you better be lyin' 
 Let it be flyin' I'm at the head of the line 
 Rapper body with a head of a lion