(Intro: Rick Ro$$) 
 With kush and lean on my breath 
 The big boss Ricky Ro$$ here is Trilla. 
 You Know what I'm talkin' 'about? 
 (Verse 1: Rick Ro$$) 
 Shout out to Gun Play, Shout out to T.O. 
 Shout out to Kenneth Williams, Shout out to E-Folk 
 Shout out to E-Class, nigga we eat fast 
 Shout out to Gucci Pucci, beamers with eat shelf 
 Shout out to Larry Hoover, Shout out to Big Meech 
 Shout out to Bunky Brown, Shout out to Fish Grease 
 Shout out to Falcon, Shout out to Big Ba 
 Shout out to John Doe, The whole Lynch Mob. 
 (Shout out to Rick Ro$$) because I... (Run This) 
 I was a trill nigga, bitch when I wasn't rich 
 Shout out to Brown Lee, slangin' in H-Town 
 Gettin' bank in the tank, knockin' weight down 
 Shout out to Lil' Trea, triggers get pulled back 
 It's 5 stacks for a hit, bet'cha feel that 
 This the corner sto' pinnacle of ballin' blow 
 In the strip club with 50 gram is all you know 
 Shout out to Boobie Boys, young drug dealers 
 Shout out to Red and Blue, I got love, nigga 
 Shout out to Chi-Town, all the G.D.'s 
 Shout out to 3 0 5, I rep C.C. 
 Shout out to Lil' Jay, Shout out to Jay-Z (Jay-Z: Yes) 
 Shout out to 2Shae, I'm gettin' straight cheese 
 Shout out to Wayne Parker, cook the 'caine harder 
 Shout out to Haitian P, he's so straight robbin' 
 Shout out to Scarface, Shout out to Bun B 
 I met Escobar, my ring one key 
 Shout out to Trick Daddy, I got love, fool 
 We both millionaires, let's make some dough moves 
 I'm paranoid it's too much perfonalia 
 Public prosecutors got me preparin' for failure 
 Picture pimp, picture me pimpin' the pen 
 With all these pretty scripters that I can pimp with my pen 
 Oh no the Lord is my light and my savior 
 So I don't know is somebody comin' to save ya 
 Oh Lord please tell 'em my game will slay 'em 
 Oh Boy that AK gon' do 'em a favor 
 I don't give a fuck about death 
 'Cause death don't give a fuck about flash 
 'Cause flash don't give a fuck about mine 
 And mine never gave a fuck about mine. 
 I'm so trill for these fuck niggas. 
 I'm too trill for these fuck niggas. 
 I'm too trill for these fuck niggas. 
 Look 'em in the eye nigga. 
 Look 'em in the eye nigga. 
 I'm too trill for these fuck niggas. 
 I'm too trill for these fuck niggas. 
 I'm too trill for these fuck niggas. 
 I'm too trill for these fuck niggas. 
 Trilla! 
 [Whispers:] Suckers!