(Verse 1: Rick Ro$$) 
 I keep pimpin' to get in a bitch panties 
 I keeps spittin' the critics can not compare me 
 They put it simple I am Mr. Miami. 
 And my lil' pistol will flip over ya over [Incomprehensible] 
 We the best at best you doin' failin' 
 Straight finesse, that this way ballet 
 That's from sunset we rippin' up Cali. 
 Fuck the chips I dip nigga gamin' 
 Now I'm runnin' from the Ghetto Bird 
 I got food on my stomach from the ghetto birds 
 All I use are my ghetto words 
 I'm the mayor in the hood on the ghetto terms 
 I'm a get money (money) I'm a flash dough (dough) 
 Unique whips (whips) will cash grow 
 I'm a keep pimpin' to get in a bitch panties 
 Dead presidents are runnin' my family. 
 Hook: Rick Ro$$: 
 Every dollar I get keeps me stuntin' 
 Kanye and these hoes tellin' me nothin' 
 I'm a keep pimpin' to get in a bitch panties 
 I put a hit on a nigga head you say me 
 Every dollar I get keeps me Shinin' 
 I spend a million dollars nigga just in diamonds 
 I done fucked every dime up in diamonds 
 This for them D-Boys gettin' money Shinin'. 
 (Verse 2: Rick Ro$$) 
 Am I talkin' for police because I puff weed? 
 'Alot of artists some recorded as a puffy 
 Like a pimp I'm a skip, past the pimp quarter 
 Like a pimp order, pimp I import her 
 Every dime you give a note that's a pimp quarter 
 'Cause every time she deliver like a pimp taught her 
 She ain't married to the game just a pimp daughter 
 Every Benz that I gain I get the limp harder. 
 What the fuck you niggas know about loyalty? 
 Huh 'Cause nigga you the fuss 
 Tell 'em what I said like I really give a fuck 
 And that big foot hoe needed the hood 
 Derrick Henderson still sellin' his car 
 Smelled his ass no Ro$$ just bought another garage 
 Yeah, yeah they wanna be the boss 
 But bitch niggas get twist in the cross 
 I'm the best. 
 (Hook: Rick Ro$$) 
 Every dollar I get keeps me stuntin' 
 Kanye and these hoes tellin' me nothin' 
 I'm a keep pimpin' to get in a bitch panties 
 I put a hit on a nigga head you say me 
 Every dollar I get keeps me Shinin' 
 I spend a million dollars nigga just in diamonds 
 I done fucked every dime up in diamonds 
 This for them D-boys gettin' money Shinin'. 
 (Verse 3: Rick Ro$$) 
 Thinkin' 'about my bitch Kandice 
 Kandice was also romantic 
 Club grave, yeah I had y'all both 
 While I made lil' Crissy roll up my smoke 
 Boss I need more champagne 
 Limme near piece niggas know my chain 
 Yeah I'm a millionaire. You wanna hold my chain? 
 You could get a lil' pussy nigga hold my name 
 Ro$$ yeah I go a long way 
 Well paid, babygirl let the song play 
 I'm lookin' for the next topmodel 
 Give me head on YouTube and then pop bottles. 
 (Hook: Rick Ro$$) 
 Every dollar I get keeps me stuntin' 
 Kanye and these hoes tellin' me nothin' 
 I'm a keep pimpin' to get in a bitch panties 
 I put a hit on a nigga head you say me 
 Every dollar I get keeps me Shinin' 
 I spend a million dollars nigga just in diamonds 
 I done fucked every dime up in diamonds 
 This for them D-Boys gettin' money Shinin'. 
 (Outro: Rick Ro$$) 
 Shinin'. You feel me? 
 Shout out to that whole muthafuckin' 3 0 5 M.I.Yayo 
 Maybach Music, nigga 
 I am the C E O & we are sucker free, nigga 
 Yeah niggas, yeah we used to pay your charge and car notes, nigga 
 We showed y'all niggas love. You feel me? 
 But know it's time to stand on your own 2 feet, nigga 
 It's like I fronted you a bird and you came back with 2 ounces, nigga 
 'The fuck you think this is? This Triple C, nigga 
 Yeah like I said, baby 
 I got 10 keys on my wrist 
 So have you the D.E.A. tell 'em that, Boss.