This record goes out to all you fake ass, gangsta baller 
 Bueschwa-minded ass house niggas who forget their colour. 
 Put on a suit and tie and escape from the ghetto and don't never come back. 
 Yeah motherfucker, you can run but you sure can't hide! 
 Deep down in the jungle with a crack to the throat 
 Niggas kill niggas for steppin on their toe 
 A girl is a bitch and a lady is a ho 
 When anything goes for a little bit o'docey 
 Shit get cooked by thugs and crooks 
 With the knowledge of a scholar but they don't read books 
 Everyday is a chance that ya life might go 
 So today is a day that ya gotta get paid 
 Slang them ki's, make them g's 
 Do what'cha want but ya sell what'cha please 
 But don't fuck ??? where you come from 
 'Cause when you do that you're done 
 Remember your niggas and bitches and your Trojans 
 And take it to your pockets for some fitness 
 When ya get it goin' and ya got it goin' good 
 Ya better bring back somethin' for da hood 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood motherfucker! 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood! 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood motherfucker! 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood! 
 LA County what's goin' on? 
 1993 modern day Babylon 
 Peace to the niggas from the street 
 And rest in peace to the others that's six feet deep 
 Welcome to the fool and he strikes when he's back 
 And the snake come around, go around and get ape 
 Top down, slipped on CO-run they none 
 Every (?cisscrack?)-CAINE ain't no fun 
 Black cop white cop *gun shot* 
 Fuck the colour of skin make sure he shot *gun shot* 
 Escape from a jail cell, split away from hell 
 And all I want for Christmas is a Glock and some shells 
 Billy Boy takes the pictures,(?Rak watch the room?) 
 Five-I-seven on my switch, we got out early 
 Taddle-tails get dropped an' they get got good 
 So get this stoob nigga for the hood 
 Get that nigga fo da hood motherfucker! 
 Get that nigga fo da hood! 
 Get that nigga fo da hood motherfucker! 
 Get that nigga fo da hood! 
 Them niggas ain't playin'! 
 Them niggas ain't playin'! 
 Them niggas ain't playin'! 
 (What'cha gonna do when you get out of jail?) 
 Get that nigga fo da hood 
 You must remember dis if you're black and you're rich 
 One push come to shove they'll take your shit 
 Martin Luther King didn't wear a diamond ring 
 But he had a dream to let freedom reign 
 My homie Red Foxx got played like blocks 
 Pick 'em up sticks, jacks and hop-scotch 
 ???, Aggravation, there's no end to the situation 
 'Cause niggas need a place to meet, a place to sleep 
 A place to eat and rest they feet 
 But nobody really even gives a fuck 
 That's why so many niggas is maggot'd up, huh 
 You claimin the hood but you don't back it up 
 Fool!And when they catch ya ass, they gonna FUCK you up 
 So when you get it goin' and ya got it goin' good 
 You better bring back somethin' fo da hood 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood motherfucker! 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood! 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood motherfucker! 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood! 
 Bring back somethin' fo da hood MOTHERFUCKER 
 (Ha-ah! Ha-ah! Ha-ah!)