Once upon a time in a land called fuck 
 Lived a duck named Donald and his mother was a cluck. 
 Mickey Mouse wore rags, pants in a sag 
 Neighborhood kingpin but his brother was a fag. 
 Donald had beef so mickey couldn't sleep 
 They was rootin for a while an' it was gettin' kinda deep. 
 Bugs Bunny had to pops on the east side spot 
 Nona hid the fie from the mob with a glock. 
 Goofey was mickey mouse right hand man 
 When they smoked a stick, they came up with a plan 
 Called Pixie and Dixie, two killas from Chicago 
 Gave 'em 5k to eliminate Donald 
 What they didn't know was donald was a G 
 Had big time respect from the west to the east 
 Have your ass a seat and listen to the flow 
 First chapter in the funky cartoon from the ghetto. 
 Huey and duey and louie with an uzi, 
 Shot down mickey mouse man hoe minnie 
 Everybody now minnie got shot down 
 And the cop on the case was huckleberry hound 
 Huckleberry had a deputy by the name of dogg 
 Eye witness to the crime was Kermit the frog. 
 Kermit was scared and he wouldn't testify. 
 Pixie and Dixie jus did a Drive by 
 On Donald Duck, but they shot and they missed 
 And now bugs bunny is gettin' kinda pissed, 
 'Cause they shot but they missed and hit his home boy Elmo. 
 Bugs sellin drugs on the mother fuckin' corner 
 Things are lookin' shitty in fuck city 
 So they called in the feds bettle juice and miss piggy 
 Niggas from the street know that's how it go 
 Scene two with the funky cartoon from the ghetto 
 Now the war is on and Mickey mouse is dead 
 Quik draw mcgraw took two to the head 
 Huey and duey, and louie got caught 
 Now they in a county ready ta sell out. 
 Pixie and dixie's on the run from the mob 
 'Cause they tried ta kill donald, when they didn't do the job. 
 Bugs bunny got popped in a bar gettin' drunk 
 Pulled a glock on beetle juice, but miss piggy had a pump 
 Donald got the word that his nephews was snitchin 
 So Tom and Jerry stuck 'em on they way to the kitchen 
 Goofey was a punk and everybody knew 
 Him and huckleberry hound was spotted drinkin' brew 
 In an alley out back in the corner in the dark 
 But they both got smoked by jabba jabba shark. 
 Donald Duck got the whole damn city sawed up. 
 In a Ghetto Cartoon in a land called Fuck