Hey baby, how you doin'? What's goin' on? 
 I'm sittin' in my motherfuckin cell, it's the same song 
 Tell my kids that I love 'em but don't tell 'em that I'm through 
 Keep cryin and tell 'em I'll be home soon 
 Oh baby I'm goin' crazy 
 'Cause I keep seein shit that amaze me 
 Still I had to kill a motherfucker last week 
 He thought I was a punk and tried to creep up on me in my sleep 
 I just think that I could hold or squeeze or touch or buck ya 
 But I can't, so fuck it 
 I'ma behind these bars and it's burnin like nitro 
 I might go psycho, the man on the tower got a rifle 
 Aw shit, there the lights go... 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta (damn) 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta (y'know) 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta and I know he's a killer 
 But I love dat nigga 
 Hey ba-by 
 What's happenin' honey? 
 How you doin'? 
 I miss you 
 The kids keep askin where's their papa? 
 I had to tell 'em daddy got caught by the coppers 
 It's time for me to raise 'em up proper by myself 
 It's a goddamn struggle when a bitch ain't got no help 
 Now everybody tellin' me that you ain't shit black 
 And when you get out, you'll jack and probably go right the fuck back 
 Damn, the pressure's gettin' hot and heavy 
 And yeah, I'm gettin' sweated by your homey in the blue and white Chevy 
 But now he's got a condo and a brand new Lexus 
 Wants me to take a trip with him down to Texas 
 The ends don't justify the means 
 And in another life he might've been the man of my dreams 
 But you know I got your back to the motherfuckin end 
 But a bitch can't even trip like she doen't have a friend 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta (damn) 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta (y'know) 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta and I know he's a killer 
 But I love dat nigga 
 (Hello, you have a collect call from...) 
 Coolio! 
 (If you choose to accept this call please press 5 now) 
 What the fuck you mean you need a friend? 
 I can't be havin' no niggas round my kids 
 Don't you make me break up outta this motherfucker 
 And start killin' motherfuckers, SHIT! 
 I know it's rough, I know it's tough 
 But when you fumble in the game sometimes you get locked up 
 You better stay away punk ass bitch, he ain't shit 
 I don't wanna have to kill him 
 'Cause think about the times that we used to have 
 Don't make me reach out and touch that ass 
 You put yourself in danger when you fuck with a buster 
 Like shootin dice without a pistol in a circle of murderers 
 You got more class than the average-type hooker bitch 
 Don't switch, he gotta grip but he ain't rich 
 Now I gotta check but if you've got the cheque 
 Give a nigga a look and put somethin' on my books 
 Peace 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta (damn) 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta (y'know) 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta and I know he's a killer 
 But I love dat nigga 
 Aiyo remember the homey with the Lexus, he took the trip to Texas 
 Now he's wearin the fuckin' Lexus like a necklace 
 So tell me, what's the drill, baby pa? What's a bitch to do? 
 My nigga's stretched in the pen since '92 
 Them visits ain't doin' the trick, drop fucks make me sick 
 'Cause this po' puddy-tat needs a cat nip 
 And that motherfucker representin you, I think he resents you 
 He got evidence he never presents to 
 The people in court, I heard witnesses abortin 
 What's he doin' about gettin' you out to hold the fort? 
 I got some ends, I'ma send you a dime and two doves 
 Mama hates you but damn I got love for a gangsta 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta (damn) 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta (y'know) 
 Mama, I'm in love wit a gangsta and I know he's a killer 
 But I love dat nigga