Guy- "What's up AZ?" 
 AZ - "Maintainin' G" 
 Guy- "I'm sayin' tough titties somebody gotta suck it, I'm casin the 
 Joint what's up?" 
 AZ - "I'm sayin' there mad dime bitches up in here though." 
 Guy- "Let me tell you though, it ain't time to subtract and add on." 
 Jackie- "How you doin' AZ?" 
 AZ - "Ooh you definitely thick no question." 
 Jackie- "Yeah, but it cost." 
 Guy- "Yo man give me change for a penny, I pay for that, I know who 
 You is Hoe Happy Jackie." 
 AZ: 
 Whoever thought that, that sweet thing born model material 
 That hated hot cereal, could grow to be a high silly hoe 
 Really though it's a shame for this damn thing 
 'Cause everything's brand name 
 When will she get enough of these damn games? 
 Struttin' wit her unbuttoned blouse like it ain't nuttin' 
 Draggin' her wagon, knowin' fellas be flaggin' and frontin' 
 Hopin, by keepin' her gear, wear, & hair dope & 
 Some really Big Willie nigga'll dig her and get open 
 And give her what only a tenderoni would deserve 
 She got some nerve thinkin' every nigga's a herb 
 That goes around trickin' on every chicken that he's stickin' 
 Male of female, whoever cats that need and ass kickin' 
 'Cause if it's more than one fella tryin' to get wit her 
 To hell wit the fly, she only sliddin' wit the highest bidder 
 But if you aks me 
 She's nothin' but a nasty, money hungry, unclass, Hoe Happy Jackie 
 Guy- "Yo, son word to mother, let's keep it real, that bitch ain't 
 Nothin' but poison man, every nigga that bitch fuck wit 
 Somethin' happen to, she see a pinky ring shine 
 She up in the nigga mug piece like he handlin'." 
 AZ: 
 Check it, this one Jamaican wasn't fakin' wit the bacon 
 'Cause ever since him, she was on if I'm not mistaken 
 But then again, this money gettin' Dominican 
 Caught her when she was fallin' off, & made her win again 
 Now nothin' can stop it, once she in a nigga pocket 
 She be seein' more profit, than those livest weed spots get 
 Makin' her income and then some 
 'Cause even a weddin' band on her hand, won't stop a man who wanna spend 
 Some 
 Diamonds, & furs is all she want, that damned Glamour girl 
 Lovin' it, out there clubbin' it, dancin' like one of Hammer girls 
 Happy Jackie the jigga hoe 
 Her job is to jack niggas doe, I call Jackie the jack a nigga pro 
 And it's true, count all the fellas she flew through 
 She even juiced Jack the Jew 
 Jackie I'm scarred of you 
 & I remember that '87 September 
 When she was slima, she was a hoe hoppin' beginna 
 But now from acne, nappy hair, and gear that was tacky 
 She's on (She's on, she's on, she's on) 
 Jackie- "Yo I got that sucka ass nigga." 
 Girl - "Ooh yes you do (I'm sayin' though what's his name?) 
 That's AZ from the Eastside. Girl you better work dat ass." 
 Jackie- "Is he trickin' boo?" 
 Girl - "He trickin' (Good), but he got a baby moms." 
 Jackie- "Yo fuck that I gotta eat his doe thang 
 95 I'm gettin' it all 
 Girl - "Yeah go ahead girl." 
 AZ: 
 So all the sugar dick, dirty devil dog, slick daddies 
 Don't get out foxed, and slicked, and turn into a trick daddy 
 Trickin' ya whore, hustlin' end for some skins 
 'Cause next you be trickin' on all you family members and friends 
 She got a way to make ya feel like ya gotta stay in 
 It's not a way she'll pay, it's bills that she gotta pay 
 So married or single, watch out for Jackie when you jingle 
 She might sting you, and ain't no tellin' what that stinga bring you 
 You could fall off point and get careless 
 Lose all awareness, go hairless, why she wouldn't care if 
 You go bankrupt 
 Her lifestyle's corrupt 
 So knowledge before your wisdom of understandin' is fucked 
 'Cause if you ask me she's nothin' but a nasty 
 Money hungry, unclassy, Hoe Happy Jackie 
 Jackie- "Yo what up AZ? We out?" 
 AZ - "I'm sayin' whatever baby. Dinner gonna lead to breakfast, 
 If it's on you it's all good." 
 Jackie- "Yo I got you all the way." 
 AZ - "Better stop talkin' 'bout it and be about it, word." 
 Jackie- "Yo my man whip outside, we can leave right now." 
 AZ - "You buggin' the fuck out? What's wrong wit you? Word up, 
 What the fuck you talkin' about? Bitch, you tryin' to get a 
 Nigga killed or somethin'?" 
 Jackie- "I'm sayin'..." 
 AZ - "Get the fuck outta here, word up." 
 Jackie- "I suck ya dick." 
 AZ - "Yo, you stupid get the f... You Hoe Happy Jackie ass bitch. 
 Yo get the f... Ayo son, come and get her the fuck outta here, 
 Ayo get the Mo son we walkin' out the fuckin' club wit that 
 Shit right now, word up. Ayo kick that bitch to the back."