I ain't goin' nowhere, I'ma be here till 2030 y'all can bet that... 
 Classic material my mojo's back 
 I'm loco no sunoco the flow show that 
 The hood know though for dolo I'ma solo cat 
 Fly photos no polo I throw those back 
 Hung up my scuffed soldier boots I holds no gat 
 Gotta crew of 'lil homies for that... where the love at? 
 Still standin' I ain't strung on crack 
 Still handlin' like Pun on tracks 
 So check me out y'all 
 Street of Philly was born willy arms is chilly 
 Neck froze, fresh clothes, the specs is silly 
 A don for really, war like the lord Achilles 
 I'm too illy, worth more than half a billi 
 So please feel my I'm direct effect 
 And since a kid at fresh ? I've been fresh to death 
 You know what it is... ayo Fresh come on man, it's how we do it... let's resurrect the hood ya heard? 
 The coke game is a regular, the stacks uneven 
 Pimp game's still cellular, but rap I'm eatin' 
 Used to pitch packs in streets 
 Took it to the next level hard face watch made by Patti Philipe 
 Jars of dro the chalk just added to beef 
 Bars stay hot with raps that's grabbin the beats 
 Double nickel deep down in the bucket seats 
 Yatch match the Rolli, where my fuckin' freaks? 
 Flow fast and gawdy with chinchilla minx 
 Hoes trash they ? and can't barely? 
 Ma we can take it to another life level 
 Somethin' like whole diamond round ya ice bezel 
 I heard a few niggas hatin' on your nice fellow 
 But did they know your range cherry and ya ice yellow 
 I holla at you necessary when it's nice hello 
 It's Fresh, 50 bricks nigga on my grind level 
 Ayo A talk to these niggas... you know we poor but cop chilly wrists niggas... stackin chips niggas... and official hood figures 
 Been locked in since them wally moccassins and them drop top bm's 
 Y'all shoulda cock blocked me then 
 Now a dime later haters try 'n' box me in 
 But like Iverson I skip hop to the rim back spin whip wop fake cock it again 
 It's understood I'm the hood Hitchcock with a grin 
 Came in the spot wit 6 bad brawds, lift Jag doors 
 Never too gawdy but my wrist wrapped raw 
 Flip packs of raw, slick black valor 
 Reacquainted with rap now we rip half of these tours 
 Pull up at the summer league games Ashton Mar's 
 Hopped out the whip prada shit straps and all 
 The crack game is back so its fresh to ball 
 330 hard top cherry red bar watch 
 (?) 
 I handle pop niggas CL split top 
 So listen up to whos runnin' the game 
 You know its Fresh 50 bricks plus the shit on my chain 
 Polo mitts so sick they just stick in you're brain 
 (?) 
 And you could see Fresh livin' good enjoyin my health 
 Now we runnin' in the bars and we buyin the shelfs 
 M5 burn rubber we denyin the belts 
 Big bottles of that Don and we dyin' for help 
 Niggas, shit back up when the Ashton dash up 
 The shit ash color mack in the black truck