Okay, if you in a club 
 I advise you to put your drinks down, and head to the dance floor 
 Anywhere else will be uncivilized 
 If you're in a car, pull over 
 Put the hazards on and let the windows down 
 This is something the world needs to know 
 Let's go 
 Yes I'm Brooklyn's best till I'm put to rest 
 I heard tales a nigga sin to shells to cook my flesh 
 No jail, never stale homie look how fresh 
 I'm low key like them old G crooks out west 
 ??? Nas, Biggie, Jay, Mos Def 
 Rakim, Gucci, Rap, Kane, KRS 
 ??? Could say I'm blessed 
 Peace to Ghost, Raekwon and Ron Artest 
 This is ??? hunger, I'm obsessed with summer 
 I'm for what runners is gunnin' them young boys will gun ya 
 But any nigga icey your own wifey will warn ya 
 There's no wonder, every fronter wanna be stunner 
 I spit thunder, I'll miss when I'm six feet under 
 Legit, I'm just tryina shift G-Unit numbers 
 Even rich niggaz slip for the slumber 
 Shit happens but believe I'm back blastin' ?another? 
 (Chorus: repeat 2X) 
 This is not a life that we in, this is hell 
 This is not a stoop that we on, it's a cell 
 Life is not a gift in the hood, it's a charge 
 Because I made it out, so that makes me a God 
 Yes my flows elite 
 I know the streets 
 I'm the cold ?cheeks? of the East Coast I blow on ?beast? 
 I create the ?color? state how I doze to sleep 
 I keep dozing but never doze six feet deep 
 I'm out for presidents to represent me 
 Say what, I haze up 'fore haters hopin' I gave up 
 It's either you stay tough or you copin' to ?cage cuff? 
 From cold player to cold savor to host favor 
 Who's the most underrated, G Rap, AZ, and Jada 
 Allah savior, bark but sharp as a razor 
 With street smarts in a Jedi hawk like Darth Vader 
 Hearts be havier, puffin' a god see a ??? 
 The god see the haters be the larceny is greater 
 Pardon the play, I'm crunk with something ?feasible? 
 Some have somebody ??? don't want me to eat 
 I'm war with the streets, I'm wanted and I'm comin' for keeps 
 And it's a must I live it, the trucks is kitted 
 Too many peoples in the ?pee? now so duck or visit 
 Show it off when I freestyle, who fuckin' with it 
 A final song for song as long as the hustlers get it 
 ??? All is custom fitted 
 Diamond cut for cut the cluster ups the digits 
 Enough is enough with the trust I hush the critics 
 Buck for buck, yeah I'm buck while I must admit it 
 The dough done did it, I'm ??? the flow is vivid 
 You know me, low key homie, only expose the snippit 
 So ???, so sincere, so gifted 
 So melodic, y'all got it so twisted 
 Sip the ??? E-40 the ??? had a few ??? brought it back to the sewers 
 True this no duets, no collabs, no regrets 
 You ??? just here tryina cash some little checks