(Feat. Spice 1) 
 (Verse 1: C-BO) 
 We got the warehouse packed from Lamborginis to Lacs, 
 More ruby an flame pack, than metro rap, 
 Got keys on knees wit g's out of state, 
 Flippin more yay than IHOP flip pancakes, 
 I'm a boss balla now, shot calla now 
 Rose's Bentley's nigga fuck the Apollos now, 
 An these bitches be comin' by the dozens, 
 True ballaz never love 'em, fuckin' aunties an cousins, 
 Got a have a ??? humble, sticky green gumbo 
 Layin by the pool, hella full off gumbo, 
 Rollin' wit these g's, get R.I.P. 
 By dozen ??? to mini gages, to AR-15's, 
 See I don't trust a soul on patrole when I roll 
 4-4 I hold 'cause I gotta shake parole, 
 You can stroll wit me, rock an roll wit me 
 But when the one times dip, caulk, unload wit me, 
 'Cause I'm a killa, nappy head nigga, from out the valley, best strapped 
 Down, in Sac-Town, capitol of Killa Kali, 
 Fool I comes heated, when needed, niggaz retreat, 
 When I blast pair of ??? an a mini 14 when I smash. 
 None of y'all niggaz can't fade this, 
 West coast niggaz is the craziest, 
 We got that MOB mentality, 
 C-BO an S-P-I-C-E, 
 None of y'all niggaz can't fade this, 
 West coast niggaz is the craziest, 
 We got that MOB mentality, 
 Major Pain and Mr. Bossalini. 
 (Verse 2: Spice 1) 
 (Straight G's) 
 Pullin our straps on niggaz who thinkin' they bodies is made outta 
 Teflan, 
 Wit a 5-0 caliber in my right hand, an a G-LOCK in my left palm, 
 Black Bossalini, can't see me, wit a Lexy up on my wrist, 
 Imagine this, a ballin ass nigga addicted to killin' shit, 
 ??? Cross soldier mutha fuckaz so nigga don't fuck wit me, 
 I seen niggaz that I done murdered up in my dreams, when I be asleep, 
 Strapped an I thank God, nigga chasin me callin me punk ass nigga, 
 Wakin' up wit the finga on trigga 
 Spittin' hollow tip slugs that goes to figga, 
 Wanna put down, my Cristal, drink Cristal an shit, 
 But niggaz Uzi think he tellin' me I'm gonna die if I sit, 
 So I MOB wit the old skool, wit a shot of chromes out my window, 
 Could it be the S-P-I-C-E wit a fifth of hin, yay an indo, 
 Black Bossalini. 
 (Verse 3: C-BO) 
 We puts it down like g's, swingin' vipers an vests, 
 From Benz to Beamers an Lamborginis all on the set, 
 An keep it crackin' from LA all the way back down to the Bay, 
 I'm from the, valley, northern of Killa Kali, where g's lay, 
 Gots to keep yo head up, you slip they drop, they leave you wet up, 
 Blasted magnum taggin the fool of the big block we hit him up, 
 Eyes do or die, let 'em drip till they dry 
 Two killaz eye to eye, never duck when bullets fly, 
 Keep it crackulatin, like Pearl Harbor when we spit, 
 G's bump this shit, from ??? moves to the rip set, 
 Trippin' get split, 
 Wit a magnum, 
 Steady blastin now I done seen murder eye to eye 
 But my kids hope that I'm steadily fastenin, 
 Ain't no love for you that's down at the end of my barrel, 
 When I multiply my cash, ridin' in my 4 barrel Camaro, 
 I catch ya slippin, I'm slappin my clip in, I'm puttin' it down, 
 You been hit from slippin an caulkin yo grip in my town. 
 (Chorus until end)