(Feat. Mississippi) 
 If you've got a ton of big face hundred dollar bills 
 How much money would you have? 
 And every hundred dollar bill weigh a gram 
 And there's 28 grams in an ounce and there's 16 ounces in a pound 
 How many pounds is it in a ton? 
 Got to be about your uh, uh, uh... 
 (Verse One: C-Bo) 
 I slide through, the 5-double 0 drop S-C 
 '97 Sport and shorts and matchin' jew-els 
 Worth about a quarter, mil-ticket is how we dress 
 True ballers fakin meal tickets up in the West 
 I know you wanna touch us 'cause at the clubs you ladies rush us 
 'Cause we're all about our cash, luxury livin' and hoes love it 
 Havin' money by the ton, Rolex and Bossalini 
 A nuchi give Versace cologne, now wanna see me 
 At my best or worst? I gets paper when I burst 
 Repeatedly, heated, dumpin low-low's, you know I'll burst 
 To get my cash on, I spin the A-1 dolla 
 For money by the ton, come get it with no soda 
 (Chorus: Mississippi) 
 Money by the ton, that's the way it comes 
 We all, get paid 
 Ooh ooh, we make 
 Money by the ton, that's the way it comes 
 We all, get paid 
 Ooh 
 (Verse Two: C-Bo) 
 I'm all about the paper, nothin' can come between that 
 But Lexus, fully diamondback, ???? and bald caps 
 Holler "Thug", that's what we be, who you see? 
 Steepin out of ragboys, cornises and Bentleys 
 Six million dollar homes, we stays to the flow 
 Now how much cash can you stack in a twenty thousand pound boat? 
 It's money by the tons, fo' sho' homey and all hunds 
 And if ya get past the gate, cameras and pitbulls, you can have some 
 Flossin, no one flosses like bosses do 
 But caution, when they float 'cause the wrong step, bodyguards swoop 
 To protect those, diamond Rolexos 
 Sippin that XO on chromed-up leaky's and Lexo's 
 I put it down, pound for pound, surrounded by the millions 
 Fancy cars, movie stars tryin' to make a billion 
 Come show them my cash bundle, you are a pocket 
 Addicted to money, they can't stop it, it's daily comin' by the ton 
 (Verse Three: C-Bo) 
 Now how you picture mad loot, stretch Rolls and rag Coupes? 
 Big faces laced, I want all my dollars brand new 
 I stand true to the game, on loot to the money train 
 Rolex's and diamond rings, big bodies with the blowed brains 
 I bring the pain to get the cash like Jesse James 
 Till the wild wild West is drained by Major Pain 
 Who got the loot? Big bodied Coupes and S-Classes 
 And when we swoop, kickin the loot or catchin casket 
 Load up the rigs, with crazy big-faced hunds 
 Headed for the drug, still weighin it by the ton 
 'Cause money makes the world go round, stackin off-shore accounts 
 Waitin on the ????? 
 So be a baller, got to keep it on the slunder 
 Milli'ns by the hundred, transactions through account numbers 
 More money than you ever seen in big faced hunds 
 Comin' in a hundred and twenty million every ton