Aw damn! Oh shit 
 Yeah, yo, yo yo yo baby 
 Get the fuck out! 
 Get the fuck out? 
 Yes, get the fuck out! 
 What the fuck you mean, get the fuck out? 
 Get the fuck up and get the fuck out! 
 Oh you on that shit? 
 Yeah I'm on that shit 
 Oh you livin' like that? 
 Yeah I'm livin' like that 
 Yeah aight, yeah okay Apache, you ain't shit! 
 Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
 (Apache you ain't shit!) That's what they're sayin' G 
 (Apache you ain't shit!) But there's no playin' me 
 (Apache you ain't shit!) So fuckin' what? 
 (Apache you ain't shit!) J drop a cut 
 Yo I ain't shit, won't be shit, won't quit 
 Quick, here comes a catchy Apache with a long dick 
 I can't believe you think something's up my sleeve 
 'Cause I'll fuck, give you a buck, then tell you to leave 
 Get real, fuck how you feel, smile don't pout 
 I'm done hon, you came twice, now get the fuck out 
 I waited a long time to get ya 
 Let the doorknob hit ya, where the good lord split ya 
 Back in the days you tried to get me now I'm gettin' you 
 That's reason one-two, ain't shit else to do 
 A man, with a plan and the know-how 
 Not lookin' for Mrs. Right, lookin' for Mrs. Right Now 
 Get your coat deep throat and get Swayze 
 I'm out to get back anybody who plays me 
 Don't try to flip, button up your lip 
 Hell yeah I'm on that tip and I ain't shit 
 Come have dinner with a winner don't worry about the price 
 Just kidding, I wouldn't buy you a fuckin' slice 
 I ain't shit dear, beware, ask me if I care 
 Fuck callin' you a cab; here's your bus fare 
 Don't ask me to bring your shit, 'cause I don't deliver 
 And give me my shit back, I'm in Indian giver 
 If there's money to be made then I'll make it 
 I did you like I did you 'cause I thought you could take it 
 Come come get with it, go 'head admit it 
 You heard I wasn't shit and still let me hit it 
 Tried to trap me like Tyson, a damn shame 
 I put a hit on everybody with the same name 
 I'm on the move, no time to wine and dine a hoe 
 It's not hard for me to love 'em and let 'em go 
 Just let me hit the hips, fuck the friendships 
 I'm on that tip 'cause I ain't shit! 
 I'm a man without morals, so don't bet me 
 I'll fuck my girl's best friend if she lets me 
 Better yet, don't let me forget the past 
 Stick around and get a bone kicked out your ass 
 Speakin' of asses, I'm an ass man, lay down 
 Got a four inch dick and that's from the ground 
 Cuties pursue me to do me, I dodge 'em 
 Or find 'em, freak 'em, fuck 'em then rob 'em 
 Since I can't live without 'em let's have fun 
 Bitches are like Pringles, you can't eat just one 
 Save the commitment shit for a committed nigga 
 I'll be committed to a bitch pullin' in five figures 
 But my pockets got a padlock, they stay stocked 
 Money grabbers after mine to (?) stage cock 
 Forget a relationship, listen honey dip 
 I'm on that tip, 'cause I ain't shit!