Bruh bruh I am sitting right here watching TV bruh, I'm watchin the first 48 hours bruh, you mean to tell me it's this many pussy niggas in the streets, for real bruh bruh? 
 Everbody goons, until they catch a case, detectives go to talking that killer shit fade away, the first 10 minutes nigga you started off straight, them crackers apply a lil pressure you pussy niggas break, you so ugly when you cry nigga wipe ya face, cracker say everybody say you did it that all it take these niggas playing real, these pussy niggas fake, if you don't believe me then watch the first 48. 
 I'm disgusted with you niggas who tell on ya self, you confessing to this shit you think its gon help? Telling on you self gon get ya ass electric chair, if it go down ain't no turning back ya out chea, and if they knew what happened they wouldn't ask you about him, if you ain't no stand up nigga then get from out chea, he all tatted up, but he a big baby, first he go to studderin, then he go to shakin, already know what that mean he finna start sanging, just shut up and get a lawyer and be patient, crackers split a nigga up somebody gon make it, keep these niggas out ya business including ya lady. 
 Errrrbody goons, until they catch a case, detectives go to talking that killer shit fade away, the first 10 minutes nigga you started off straight, them crackers apply a lil pressure you pussy niggas break, you so ugly when you cry nigga whipe ya face, cracker say everybody say you did it that all it take these niggas playing real, these pussy niggas fake, if you don't believe me then watch the first 48. 
 First question I got is what happened to the g code, cause back in the days only pussy niggas the ones told, but now days the so-called killers that sell they soul, this snitchin shit dun diversified its young and old, err body telling now days niggas and hoes, the ones the streets called real is the ones that fold, them crackers put you in the empty you and make ya cold, and make you wait a couple hours fo' they open the door, and give you time to think about it before they come at ya throat, they ask you do you want to talk all ya gotta tell 'em is no, cause telling on yaself and on ya dog make you a hoe, if you a g then be a g and take it and go. 
 Errrrbody goons, until they catch a case, detectives go to talking that killer shit fade away, the first 10 minutes nigga you started off straight, them crackers apply a lil pressure you pussy niggas break, you so ugly when you cry nigga whipe ya face, cracker say everybody say you did it that all it take these niggas playing real, these pussy niggas fake, if you don't believe me then watch the first 48. 
 You niggas favorite words; yes sir, no sir. Your own daddy nigga shit you don't even call him sir. Before you got jammed nigga you was a gangster, you meant to kill him at first but now you ain't sure. You snitching on errbody nigga you on jury? Could never be a pussy nigga 'cause I'm too pure, before I grab my yappa nigga, I'm sure. The new niggas in the streets dun change the rules, nigga tell on they momma now it's all cool, I been tole myself I ain't fuckin' with certain dudes, cause certain dudes gon give them crackers certain clues, you better stop telling these pussy niggas ya next move. 
 Errrbody goons, until they catch a case, detectives go to talking that killer shit fade away, the first 10 minutes nigga you started off straight, them crackers apply a lil pressure you pussy niggas break, you so ugly when you cry nigga whipe ya face, cracker say everybody say you did it that all it take these niggas playing real, these pussy niggas fake, if you don't believe me then watch the first 48.