(Hook: Plies) 
 Better ride with your fire 
 Stay ya ass home 
 Why? 
 Becasue you in a muthafuckin chopper zone! 
 And any faggot nigga live will cut them choppers on. 
 Why? 
 'Cause you in a mutha fuckin' chooper zone! 
 Where tha jack boyz hang an where tha crews roam 
 Why? 
 'Cause you in a muthafuckin chopper zone! 
 Keep one in tha chamber 'cause cockin it take too long! 
 Why? 
 'Cause you in a muthafuckin chopper zone! 
 The crackers got a law called 10-20-life 
 The streets got a law called ride wit your fire 
 A street nigga so the street law I live by 
 In these streets nigga only the smart survive 
 (Gunshots) 
 The crackers got a law called 10-20-life 
 The streets got a law called ride wit your fire 
 A street nigga so the street law I live by 
 In these streets nigga only the smart survive 
 'Cause where the weak an the pussy niggas get tried 
 Thug niggas don't respect money they respect fire 
 So if got to you better stay strapped or die 
 Better walk light and keep your head on tha swivel 
 Make sure you stay at arms reach on ya pistol 
 Don't let him fool ya keep ya eye on the young nigga 
 Keep thinkin' he sweet and he gon be the bitch ta kill ya 
 And if you pull it ya betta use it, that's all I gotta tell ya 
 If you ain't from around here you betta keep ya doors locked 
 With your windows wound up with your shit cocked 
 'Cause them crackers gon have you on the news at six'o' clock 
 Slumped over in your shit with a head shot 
 'Cause if it look sweet niggas tryin' off top 
 The last four days around here a bitch done got shot 
 And all you see is yellow tape and white chalk 
 That's where the doors get kicked, heads get bussed 
 And run your dick sucker live will get you clapped up 
 'Cause them hot slugs will fill yo lil ass up 
 So if you think it look fishy you better buss 
 'Cause you in a chopper zone and choppers is a must 
 The funeral home down here nigga its big business 
 I ain't seen a fight in five years boy niggas spittin' 
 When niggas shoot choppers hard to do too much missin' 
 Niggas gettin' up on ya ass now, ain't no long distance 
 You see a nigga bend that corner you better start shippin 
 'Cause it's too late to move when that thang start rippin 
 Don't take nothin' but one of them hot ones to leave yo ass finished 
 And that lil mouth you got on you gon leave yo azz drippin! 
 (Hook: until end)