(Feat. Akon, Snoop) 
 [Akon:] Convict! 
 [Plies:] Plies! 
 [Akon:] Convict... Music... and you know we a front. 
 (Chorus: Akon) 
 I see you windin 'n' grindin up on that pole, 
 I know you see me lookin' at you and you already know 
 I wanna fuck you, you already know, I wanna fuck you, you already know 
 (Verse 1: Plies) 
 I wanna sit u ???? 
 And show you what a real nigga wit money do 
 I'm caked up and well respected wit shit to prove 
 To be straight up with cha I wanna fuck u 
 I'm a street nigaa so you know I ain't ??? 
 Want you to bust it open so I can drop tht dick in ya 
 I'm thug nd x-rated plus I'm a real nigga 
 I wanna lay tht pussy I don't want ur fone numba 
 I wanna take you to the crib and fuck you to sleep 
 I let you get a lil rest and wake you up and beat 
 I bet a stack you ain't met a nigga fuck betta than me 
 And I have bitches swear 2 god I was on three 
 (Verse 2: Snoop) 
 Money in the air as mo feel grad you by your coat tail take you to the motel, hoe sale, 
 Don't tell, wont tell, baby said I don't talk dogg but she told on me, oh well, 
 Take a picture wit me, what the flick gon do, baby stick to me and ima stick on u, 
 If you pick me then ima pick on you, d-o-double g and I'm here to put this dick on you, 
 I'm stuck on pussy 'n' urs is right, wrip ridinin them poles and them doors is tight 
 And ima get me a shot for the end of the night 'cause pussy is pussy and baby ur pussy for life. 
 (Verse 3: Plies) 
 Let me fill you up wit liquor and fuck it out cha, 
 Lay you flat on ur back and get tht noise out ya, 
 Feel it in ya stomach tearin tht back up out cha 
 I wanna hear you moan baby I wanna hear you holla, 
 Don't worry about ya hair do I'll shoot u a few dollas, 
 Just when you start ridin' me get on them toes for me, 
 I don't like a quiet fuck so tell me how you want it, 
 U needa act like its yurr dick while you on it, 
 I know I'mma freak baby nd I'm luvin dat, 
 Now I needa get you on the same level where I'm at, 
 But when I get ya out there ain't no turnin' back, 
 And I'mma take you from likin' it to lovin' sex. 
 (Verse 4: Plies) 
 And if the pussy good I'll fuck ya a week straight, 
 And meet ya at ya crib and fuck you on ya lunch break, 
 'Cause I'mma stay up in dat pussy till ur numb babe, 
 And put tears in yur eyes and a smile on ya face, 
 Gimme dat pussy one time thts all it takes, 
 And I'mma treat you like a big girl okay, 
 And I can tell you even then I can see ya legs shake, 
 And at tht point imma give it to you all the way, 
 'Cause I'mma make you wanna fuck me erryday, 
 Fuck me at ya own risk is wht I'm tryenna say, 
 'Cause I'mma have ur nose? wide open after dis, 
 Nd make ur panties get wet wen you think about the dick, 
 U wanna leave me alone but you can't quit, 
 Wheneva I ain't in that pussy you feel sick, 
 The more times I get it the better it get, 
 So next time you see me think about dis. 
 (Verse 5: Akon) 
 Shorty I can see you ain't lonely handfull of niggas 'n' they all got cheese, 
 So you lookin' at me now what's it gonna be just another tease far as I can see, 
 Tryin' get you up out this club if it means spendin' a couple dubs, 
 Throwin' bout 30 stacks in the back make it rain like that 'cause I'm far from a scrub, 
 U know my pedigree, ex-deala use to move phetamines, 
 Girl I spend money like it don't mean nothin' 'n' besides I got a thing for u. 
 (Verse 6: Snoop) 
 Mobbin' through club in low pressin I'm sittin' in the back in the smokers section (just smokin'), 
 Birds eye, I got a clear view, you can't see me but I can see u (baby I see u), 
 Its cool we jet the mood is set, 
 Your pussy is wet you rubbin your back and touchin your neck, 
 Ur body is movin' you humpin' 'n' jumpin' ur titties is bouncin' you smilin' 'n' grinin' 'n' lookin' at me. 
 (Verse 7: Akon) 
 Girl 'n' while your looking at me I'm ready to hit the caddy right up on the patio move the patty to the caddy, 
 Baby you got a phatty the type I like to marry wantin to just give you everythin' 'n' that's kinda scary, 
 'Cause I'm lovin' the way you shake your ass, bouncin', got me tippin' my glass, 
 Lil' mully don't get caught up to fast but I got a thing for you. 
 [Akon:] Girl...