Ey I'd Like to welcome all you motherfuckers man 
 To the home of the goons, where the grave yards over crowded 
 And where chopperz is a must! 
 Chorus (x's 2) 
 You caught slippin crackers goin' find ur ass not breathing 
 100 holes in ur ass with ur body leaking 
 Nigga ridin' with 'em drums nigga for a reason 
 'Cause down here we in the middle of murking season! 
 V1. 
 Stay on ur porch nigga if you ain't ready to make a shake 
 'Cause this the home of the bodies check the murder rate 
 Money and ski's is the only that'll be the murder case 
 So you better kill him if you dnt want him at ur court date 
 If you comin' you better come with 'em choppers and don't fake 
 'Cause if you bullshit you the one that get erased 
 This niggaz murkin out pussy niggaz in broad day 
 And where-ever you get caught slippin at that's where you lay 
 And like they say nigga no face, no case! 
 As long as these goons are lurkin these streets ain't safe 
 The more rounds you shoot nigga the less aim it takes 
 It's murkin season so you pussies better stay out the way! 
 V2. 
 And murkin Season don't end, this shit year round 
 It ain't never drop murkin season never slow down 
 It's imposibble to many choppers floating around 
 These young niggaz they sick with it on that 4 pound! 
 Lil cuzin 12 and all he talking is murkin now 
 Old lady said she got woke up by that chopper sound 
 Say she got on her bed and laid back down 
 From what I heard 'em crackers fired 120 rounds 
 4 motha fuckin' dead bodies laying on the ground 
 Niggaz bettin on it now, who goin' get off first? 
 Running ur fuck box better what how you choose you words 
 And niggaz sending threats pussy you got alot of nerves 
 Niggaz'll leave ur motherfuckin brains on the curb 
 This ain the 80's dawg... niggaz getting murked 
 Everywhere you turn you see dead niggaz on t-shirts 
 Everytime I pass by the graveyard I see a hearse... 
 V3. 
 Not respecting these streets what got you niggaz fucked 
 That pussy nigga ain't 'bout it, he know how ta play tough 
 Runnin' ur dick sucka fast'll get ya chopped up 
 I know plenty niggaz like you that done got touched 
 You talking loud 'cause you got a chopper nigga that ain't enough 
 I know 100 niggaz wit choppers but only few'll bust! 
 U got the mouth for a killa but you ain't got the guts 
 U got the front game down pat but you ain't got the nuts 
 U mighta got off before but you ain't wack nothing 
 This the wrong place to play games dawg the streets real 
 Trying to impress a mothafucker'll get you nigga killed 
 Murking season is offcial boy this shit for real!