Aye man all my niggas out here man who out here like me, who out here head first my nigga, chasin ya street dreams dawg, just fall back let me talk for you real quick homie. 
 God, man there's just something I wanna talk to you about man. I, I know right now I'm probly, probly the last nigga you wanna hear from, Look man I just want you to know God I'm tired of lying to you. 
 God I want you to know, I'm so tired of lyin' to ya. 
 And I don't even know the reason why in the fuck I even lied to ya. 
 So if you stop fuckin' wit me right now, I understand. 
 But I guess that'll leave me out here thuggin', on my own then. 
 God I want you to know, I'm so tired of lyin' to ya. 
 And I don't even know the reason why in the fuck I even lied to ya. 
 So if you stop fuckin' wit me right now, I understand. 
 But I guess that'll leave me out here thuggin', on my own then. 
 I told a muhfucka if I died today I don't know where I'd go. 
 'Cause a lot of us out here that think we goin' to heaven and we just ain't gon' go. 
 And some of us even go to church every Sunday, and still ain't gon' go. 
 God I lied to you too much that's the reason I don't know where I'm gon' go. 
 I remember that lil' hoe bun, man, I told you I wasn't gon fuck raw no more. 
 I guess what I shoulda said is I wasn't gonna fuck HER raw no more. 
 And after my homeboy got killed I promised you I was gonna start comin' to church. 
 Instead of comin' to church, I jumped in the game head first. 
 It seems like weddings and funerals are the only time I step foot in church. 
 But if I was locked up right now, shiit, you'd be my best friend. 
 'Cause that's when niggas seem like the Lord's pointin they lives then. 
 My dawg locked up and every time I talk to 'em, God all I'm hearin. 
 But like I told him, the cracker let him out tomorrow he'd be back robbin again. 
 And I don't know why we sit down and lie to you bout some fuck shiit. 
 And like they say the ones that love you wanna give they ass a kiss. 
 So I guess that's the best way to explain, me 'n' you relationship. 
 I told my mama, shiit, God must be a pain freak. 
 'Cause after all the lies and broken promises, God still fuckin' wit me. 
 I'ma be honest witchu God. 
 Shiit, I wouldn't even fuck wit me. 
 But when I was on my dick, shiit, you couldn't stop hearin from me. 
 But soon as my money got strait, shiit, you stopped hearin from me. 
 And after my brother gone 'n' died I promised you I was through wit the dope game. 
 And as soon as them 22's came out, I got right back in the dope game. 
 I remember bein on my knees throwin' up my insides. 
 The heavy yak in my system, I felt like I was bout to fuckin' die. 
 And I told you I wasn't gona drink no more. 
 Shiit there goes another lie. 
 And I know one day 
 All this thuggin' shiit got to come to an end 
 And I understand one day 
 My life got to come to an end. 
 (Monologue) 
 God man, there's just so much fucked up wit me right now man. Tryina be out here 'n' tryina get money 'n' fuckw it all these hoes 'n' ya know I, I find time for everything else but it seem like I don't never got no time for you. And shiit my grandma