Wanna ask the government, why y'all hate us so much? 
 Wanna ask the other color, why y'all hate us so much? 
 Wanna ask the law, why y'all hate us so much? 
 Wanna ask the prosecutor, why y'all hate us so much? 
 Is it our skin color? Or is it the way we talk? 
 You hate us 'cause we us? Or you hate us 'cause we fought? 
 Is it the way we live? Or is it the way we walk? 
 We never had shit, so it can't be nothing we bought 
 The shit y'all took us through, probably the reason we off 
 Our pride we still got it, the only thing we ain't lost 
 Defending ourselves (shit) that was something we was taught 
 Done been through the roughest times, but all of it ain't our fault 
 Wish I can add up the years in prison our peoples caught 
 The government, the strippers, we ain't really have a choice 
 Your peoples go to college, mine peoples go to court 
 Yo peoples was born with money, my peoples was born broke 
 Yo peoples lived in mansions, my peoples hung from ropes 
 Yo peoples had it made, all my peoples had was hope 
 Yo peoples had help, all my peoples heard was NO 
 My peoples thought about it, yo peoples cut our throats 
 The respect we had for one another shit wasn't even close 
 We had to entertain that was our only open door 
 If we wanted to make it, we had to rap, sang, or try sports 
 We couldn't afford a full ride, shit my people poor 
 My people ain't mad, yo people hates us though 
 But we the one who struggling, so why y'all hate us for? 
 The police want us bad, 
 The judge hate us more, 
 The jury think we guilty, before we come through the door 
 And y'all take our money, but y'all wont help us though 
 And y'all biggest fear is to see my people grow 
 But our biggest fear is too die before we turn 24 
 In every lawyers past, design to sank us more 
 And every time we go to jail, y'all get paid though 
 But when we ask for money, y'all slam the door 
 They say our president black, but we can't tell though 
 We only got ourselves, now that's what's real though 
 I know y'all hate our guts, that's how y'all feel though 
 But y'all ain't gotta like us, just let us live though 
 And 'cause we black bruh, don't mean we steal though 
 And just 'cause we from the ghetto, don't be mean we dumb bro 
 We just as smart as y'all, but y'all don't want the world to know 
 But all we wanna know, why y'all hate us so much? (why y'all hate us so much?) (why y'all hate us so much?) 
 All we wanna know, why y'all hate us so much? (why y'all hate us so much?) (why y'all hate us so much?) 
 All we wanna know...