DJ Felli Fel 
 Hey! Won't you yank on some of this Cali? 
 Sip on some of this Platinum? 
 If you want some of daddy 
 All you gotta do is ask for some 
 I'm pimpin' up on your booty, shawty 
 Please don't try to move me, shawty 
 I'm trying to be the life of the party 
 Shawty, shawty 
 Can you feel it? I wanna know! 
 Can you feel it? I wanna know! 
 Can you feel it? I wanna know! 
 Can you feel it? I wanna know! 
 Can you feel it? 
 Sean Paul 
 Gal, me a know you a top class 
 A go an shake that fat ass, gimme the wind and stop fast 
 Me a da top boss, come gimme that quick cast 
 The whole night and I stop floss 
 Inna the tight charts 
 Me wan a touching all the right parts 
 Make ya get twight ass 
 See your body from afar, just like a night hawk 
 My girl a fi in NASCAR 
 I got that good love for you 
 That a me wan tell you from the first time I see you 
 Run with the boy, then a jus' now I gi' you 
 With trife coming now see ya sitting well tight 
 And ya know see me just now credit 
 All night long me a wet it and set it 
 I'll be the man that giving it to you 
 All night gal know by the gate men a fight 
 Pitbull 
 Sean Paul, Felli, Pit, T-Pain 
 Mami over there off the chain 
 Ass gorgeous, lips insane 
 Hips like boom and a ass like bang 
 One time for them boys on the block 
 All pushing that ying and that yang, you know 
 That D, that rock, that cane 
 Aww, yeah mane! 
 Now she moving like she can't stop 
 She can be from Thailand that way the she bang cock 
 I'm telling, your mami do anything 
 And she throwing it back like a b-b-boomerang 
 I went a little bit below her belly ring 
 Like a belly ring, badabing, hm, badaboom 
 Now dim the lights down in the room 
 While I slide in you like, ooh can you feel it? 
 Can you feel it baby? This the breakdown (Feel it) 
 DJ Felli Fel I'ma make ya shake now (Can you feel it?) 
 Can you feel it baby? This the breakdown (Feel it) 
 DJ Felli I'm so so (Can you feel it?) 
 Flo Rida 
 Hey! Lil' mama Cali, get married 
 Cr-crack up, try to get to know daddy 
 West coast for me baby, start that fatty 
 Let it go below your waist like you at Bally's 
 This Total Fitness, can you feel it? 
 Break it up or yeah you will get the business 
 Lil' mama asking, I'm writing your wishes 
 I got it bad I'm addicted to thickness 
 I'm trying to be your connect, fool 'round might get you wet 
 Like when you turn on the jets, hello I'm in to caress 
 Look there's a spot on your neck, for sure your bottom is next 
 Just know I'm all on ya chest, I know I'm making ya sweat 
 She trippin', shawty look at my set 
 We tippin', I know you gotta collect 
 Keep dippin', pop up my collar, the best 
 We limpin', the money flippin' 
 (Can you feel it?!)