[Akon - Intro] (DJ Felli Fel) {Lil Jon} 
 CHEA! 
 It's that incredible shit 
 (Talk to 'em) 
 There's too many beautiful ladies in the house tonight, Felli... 
 {HEY!} 
 I think we need to hit 'em off with somethin' proper son... 
 (Okay... WHOO!) 
 Diddy 
 They call me Diddy! 
 (DJ Felli Fel) 
 Akon 
 Testing one, two, three! 
 Diddy 
 Testing one, two, three 
 Check this out, listen to me 
 Listen... 
 It's tricky, I'm picky baby, but I just spotted you 
 Doin' your thang, G-string, shoe-string point of view 
 HEY - lend me ya body, you got me in a zone (c'mon) 
 Bet a million and a half cash, I can make you explode (OWW!) 
 You don't wanna brave the cold, you want a day of Combs 
 I can take you on outer limits away from home 
 (Where your bills pile?) I'm whylin fo' sho 
 In a middle of the club doin' a rodeo show (hey) 
 The hoes seem steamy, wet dreamy 
 Invisible sets gleamy (incredible sex) you need me 
 Ease me, please me baby 
 I may be am a little crazy, but in a way that they playa-pay me 
 Akon 
 ( 
 DJ Felli Fel 
 ) 
 (Don't make me get BUCK IN HERE!) 
 Shorty drop it to the ground like she ain't got manners 
 Too much booty for one man to handle 
 When all I need is a one-night scandal 
 (And I'ma get BUCK IN HERE!) 
 DAMN, lil' mama, know you fit my standards 
 You're the type that make me grip that handle 
 Lick shots in the air, bustin' that random 
 While you make it clap-clap-clap-clap-clap 
 (You gotta shake that thang, shake that thang) 
 While you make it clap-clap-clap-clap-clap 
 (Just shake that thang, shake that thang) 
 Ludacris 
 Okay... LUDA... let's go! 
 She can make it clap like a standin ovation! 
 Spin like my record at your radio station 
 Feel the sensation, I put it right there 
 They be like, "LUDA!", I be like "He-yeah!" 
 You like it like that, (WOO!) don't cha baby? (yeah) 
 The flow's insane, and the stroke is crazy (okay) 
 I stroke so good like Tiger Woods 
 Then I, ROWRR!, like a tiger would 
 My livelihood is not Hollywood 
 I'm still Southside Atlanta, that's a lively hood 
 A circus, Big Top like Ringling Brothers 
 If you wanna learn somethin', (what?) bring your mother! (hey!) 
 Sit back and observe, invite your friends 
 We can mix it all up, like juice and gin 
 Felli on the celly with a couple of twins 
 Cause tonight, damn RIGHT! We gon' do it again 
 Diddy 
 Aiyyo... aiyyo Felli, brotha let me hit this one more time 
 Listen, women lace 'em, G4 jet flyin 
 Twist 'em crooked, cell phone number's private (c'mon) 
 Flip 'em, change 'em, prissy I'm bougie, the hood 
 Game 'em, taste 'em, trizzies I run 'em, I'm good (OW!) 
 Leather or, silk, I melt them all (talk to 'em) 
 Love 'em, leave 'em, give 'em hell fo' sure (don't stop) 
 Tell 'em words they mind and soul deserve (don't stop) 
 Or, give 'em, things the might prefer (keep it goin') 
 San Tropez or Mandarin sweet massage 'em (keep it goin') 
 Pimp, game 'em, grants and Benz I charge 'em 
 Used to style 'em, now I just Virgin Isle 'em (talk to 'em Diddy) 
 Karma Sutra, freaky and leavin' 'em smilin' 
 Lil Jon 
 - as music stops 
 Hold up, bust that shit! Fuck that shit! (Yo-yo-yo-yo) 
 It's yo' boy Lil Jon! (Yeah!) 
 Time to TAKE THIS MOTHERFUCKER TO ANOTHER LEVELLLLLL! 
 (Let's GO!) Hahaha! Y'all ain't ready... 
 (Beat change to crunk-style) 
 Get yo' motherfuckin hands up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) 
 A-get yo' motherfuckin hands up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) 
 A-throw yo' motherfuckin drinks up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) 
 A-throw yo' motherfuckin drinks up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) 
 Now get buck in this bitch! buck in this bitch! 
 (Get) buck in this bitch! (get) buck in this bitch! 
 (Get) crunk in this bitch! (get) crunk in this bitch! 
 (Get) crunk in this bitch! (get) crunk in this bitch! 
 HEEEEEEY! (Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey) 
 Diddy 
 Aiyyo Felli, you a fool for that one, man 
 A-HA!