Ladies and geantle-man! You are now tuned into the very best! A jazzy finzzale! Product-shinzzale! Young Dro!Slim Thugga! 
 Youn' see all my jews, Youn' see how I'm ridin'. 
 Younn' see how I struggle, Youn' see how I grind.You push a nigga hatin', tell em' to get in line, But when it's grand hustle, till deez niggas go shine. You don't see me nigga, you don't see me. You don't see me nigga, you don't see me. You don't see me nigga, you don't see me. You don't see me nigga, you don't see me.You dotn see me nigga, you don't see me! 
 Dro, I ride ova ya 
 H, nigga, covia 
 Weight come from cobia 
 80 k, and wachovia 
 Push a nigga, phobia 
 I call em' like a nokia 
 They know I got the juice 
 Cause the wip Fruit Topia 
 Dope boy, Dopin' ya 
 Duct tapin', and ropin' ya. 
 Cleaner than a bitch 
 Ivory suds, is soapin' ya 
 Summer, super sokin' ya 
 Yeah bich, I'm provokin' ya 
 AK to ya neck 
 Cool out shawty 
 It's chokin ya! 
 Snipers still scopin' ya 
 My Russin killers open ya 
 Bust the wrong move muthafucka 
 We'll open ya 
 Apple testa rostin' ya 
 I smackin vest open up 
 Rearrange ya face 
 Stick the 4-4 magnum close enough 
 Black lack ocean ya 
 Trappin by the Osha Bra 
 Popi said he ran out of white 
 Now get the Opium 
 Niggas drive sodium I stand up like a podium 
 Smooth like linolium presidently I rolly em' 
 DRO... 
 Bitch Please Shit Here Ain't New To Me 
 Over Seas Water Still Blue To Me 
 100 Keys They Won't Have A Clue It's Me 
 I Walk Up Out The Airport Only Bad Hoes Pursue Me 
 A Pimp Fluently They Chase Me Like A Truency 
 Young Dro Yeah In On The Block And I'm The Newest G 
 You Wana Do A G Come And Talk To A G 
 You Might Not Even Act Like That 
 Only If You Knew A G 
 I Ride One Chick Paint Look Sunkist 
 Best Thang Smokin' Young Dro I'm The One Bitch 
 Stay One Car Drizzle Is A Pornstar 
 Bet I'm On The 6's I Bet I'm Ridin' Northstar 
 Slim Thug: 
 You don't see me candy drop top down on 4's 
 You don't see me 25 riding out in a Rolls 
 You don't see me pulling up err day dime hoe's 
 You don't see a nigga fresh from his head to his toes 
 Neck and wrist froze hell yeah a player shine 
 Do it big on a daily you should see me on my grind 
 All it's getting mine on dem H-Town blocks, 
 Dodgin them fake niggas and dem pussy ass cops 
 You don't see me on ya TV reppin tha H 
 You don't see me putting Texas all up in ya face 
 Slim Thug a muthafucka You don't see me I'm a boss 
 Think the ride is live you should see a nigga house 
 Pay tha cost to floss real heavy, got everything 
 Holding from tha choppa to tha Chevy I'm ready 
 Fucking wit my nigga Young Dro, You don't see me 
 With the P$C wrecking on the floor Hoe