Remix! 
 We fly high no lie you know this (ballin!) 
 Foreign rides, outside it's like showbiz (ladies) 
 We stay fly, no lie, and you no this (remix!) 
 Hips and thighs, oh my!, stay focused 
 (Jones!) He, she blowticious, 
 Lamborghini, it's audicious 
 From Harlem to Hollywood I'm still hood, 
 500 Horses stuffed in my Ferarri hood 
 Fuck niggas talk bout MC's on my hills 
 Hip hop was dead and killa gave me the will (flee) 
 Black car fever got this nigga feelin' ill (ill) 
 It's the shop for a now nigga givin' out deals 
 (It's all about the Benjamen's baby) 
 I'm flying off Lennox, in the Bentley all crazy (check) 
 The roof topless, I'm showin' my ass 
 I brought New York back ya niggas ain't got a chance 
 Remix! 
 We fly high no lie you know this (ballin!) 
 Foreign rides, outside it's like showbiz 
 I ain't gon' lie I'm fucked up, if we all die then we all shall 
 But only one thang gonna get us by and that's the ball game, 
 I buy me a lonely crib 50 on the dog tag 
 Crack's in the deal that's twenty mill you thought I have gone mad 
 Naw I had to gone grab the spida at the red light, 
 Blue fluorescent head light, you better get your bread right, 
 You ain't a baller, you chase checks I check write, 
 Even when his dog got signed, I had my neck right 
 Ey ya hold up, pick a restaurant Chows or Chin Chin (5 stars) 
 Now pick a car, which one I ain't been in (ballin!) 
 Pick a watch, as long as the hands spinnin' 
 Pick a actress, which one I ain't swim in 
 (What about to ride) the yachts still on deck 
 Retirement plan, I dropped it on her neck 
 I'm still spendin' ol' money 
 Benjamin's Remix, 10 Year Gold Money (Mothafuckas!) 
 Oh look at this presendentish and get it twisted 
 I'm still in the clubs on the chairs gettin' twisted 
 Nonstop rhyme from the summer to the winter (ballin') 
 Harder than ? Sportcenter 
 Who you think started all this makin' ? 
 Ask the girls they'll tell you that some MC Jermaine 
 Money anything, you seen the video 
 ? I been half the globe 
 (Tell 'em!) (Ladies) 
 We stay fly, no lie, and you know this (remix!) 
 Hips and thighs, oh my! Stay focused 
 500 On the Bentley, 50 g's on the Caddy, 
 100 Gs on my bar 'cause we both livin' ? 
 Doin' my thang wit this uptown swang 
 Nigga get it how we live like money ain't a thang 
 And I'm stuntin' on them thangs 
 Every time you see me swang 
 Every time you see me hang 
 Best believe I got that thang. 
 Pop up at the club nigga show them hoes love 
 'Cause they know we make it rain so they show us gangsta love 
 I feel like I'm skating on ice like Christie Yamaguchi 
 Sit up in the Chevy eating blow fish sushi 
 550 Mint colored Benz me 'n' Jim wit the back cab twins and they blowin' out Fluties 
 Hell rail block so you know we gettin' coofy, 
 Iceberg drop nigga now ridin' goofy, 
 28 Inches in the air, know I'm ballin' 'cause my whole wrist pink 
 And my neck kinda bluey (Dro!) 
 We fly high no lie you know this (ballin!) 
 Foreign rides, outside it's like showbiz (ladies) 
 We stay fly, no lie, and you know this (remix!) 
 Hips and thighs, oh my!, stay focused 
 We stay fly, no lie, and you know this (ballin') 
 Hips and thighs, oh my!, stay focused 
 You just been included in the Ballaz Extravaganza 
 You are now a Ballaholic 
 Just like my team (Dipset, Dipset) 
 Shouts to Diddy, T.I., Birdman, Dro (Ho) 
 Remix! 
 It's like showbiz, ballin'