(Hard Black) 
 Peep the math 
 Mau Mau be about land and freedom 
 Reperation and apologies, for Africa to America oddesseys 
 Guerilla-type tactics on them socialistic fallacies 
 It be about, the devestations of the social doministic thought 
 Keep a brown man down sport 
 They wantin to keep our (?) set nigga 
 The way Franz Fanon put it, you lucky I ain't "wretched" yet 
 (Big Black - Mos Def) 
 Yo, you fucked up in the game now 
 It's Big Black, Mr. Chairman of the Mau Mau 
 I hear the world in all-black surround sound 
 Barricaded so you can't move around now 
 Doin' this for my clan that ain't around now 
 Buried six feet deep beneath the ground now 
 My loud sound pound down make the earth crush in and bow down 
 There's faultlines in the ground now - shake 'em down 
 (Smooth Black - Charli Baltimore) 
 Black Chevy, Mau Maus, gats ready 
 BLAOW BLAOW, black deadly, femme fatale 
 Underground, rats in this rat race 
 And black race cats sell out to the blackface 
 And rag grin, laugh not my light skin 
 Be S-M-O-O-T-H from pH 
 UHH, backseat strappin in 
 'Cause I'm the only bitch with Big Black and them 
 Who the crew? M-A-you, M-A-you, gun ready 
 Bout to attack the track when BLAK IZ BLAK 
 Well how black? BLAK HEART, BLAK MIND, BLAK SOUL 
 Mau Maus (HOOTIE HOO!) We was born to roll! 
 Who the crew? M-A-you, M-A-you, aim fire 
 Bout to attack the track when BLAK IZ BLAK 
 How black? BLAK WOMB TIL WE REACH THE BLACK HEARSE 
 What's black? - SHADE OF THE UNIVERSE 
 (Mo Black - Canibus) 
 Yo, yo 
 Yo when Mo Black start to black out bitches pass out 
 Stick my black dick in they mouth and dig they back out 
 Black monk like Thesalonius, the government got a black phobia 
 That's why they tap my black Nokia 
 Black fathers, black mothers, black brothers 
 Handcuffed to each other, goin' upstate in black buses 
 Black thugs, wrap drugs in backwoods 
 Smoke till they got black tongues, black lips and black lungs 
 Blak iz blak, wack MC's get smacked 
 Forced to go home and dial 1-800-I-CAN'T-RAP 
 (1/16th Black - MC Serch) 
 Aiyyo who that? Yo right there; blue eyes, and black hair 
 Kill 'em with a rhyme, or the bottom of my Nike Airs 
 So quick son pick one, you don't want me to finish 
 Or I'll quickly take you to 1950 and do you like the British 
 Head on a spear, contusions ear to ear 
 For Africa Maxima, I'ma drive you out of here 
 Mr. 1/16th, born to kill your self esteem 
 Born from part devil, part cracker from Queens 
 Knowledge that we drop, you don't even build with 
 That's like me winnin' a rap Grammy, givin' it to Lyn (?) Smith 
 (Jo Black) 
 Yo, yo 
 Everything black is wack and shit 
 Blackheads, blackmail, black cats and shit 
 Funerals, niggaz gotta wear black and shit 
 Black cars, black clothes on they backs and shit 
 Blackballed, if we don't kiss they ass and shit 
 Blacklisted see ya nigga, and you're gone that's it 
 White bitches, they wanna be black and shit 
 Tan lotion on they white flat ass and shit 
 (Double Black) 
 Aiyyo all the Mau Maus gather up and let's attack 
 Because they're tryin' to fuck with our images 
 And I think that shit is crazy wack 
 And as a matter of fact, they want us niggaz 
 To smile and laugh - I guess they never seen a bloodbath 
 Brothers and sisters are dyin', babies are bein taken out 
 So what the fuck they want me to rap about? 
 About how happy I am, to be livin' in the slum 
 Where little shorties walk around totin big guns 
 Hard Black droppin' science, born to roll 
 Mau Maus droppin' science, born to roll 
 Hard Black droppin' science, born to roll 
 Mau Maus droppin' science, born to roll 
 (Hard Black) 
 Nigga, nigga you think these rhymes? 
 You think they fuckin' rhymes? This this this this PHILOSOPHY 
 This the end of redneck-ass catastrophes 
 Puttin' a plunger in the, ass of my history! 
 Forty-one shots of reality for the generations to come after me! 
 As it be, hell hath no FURY like a black man scorned 
 Nigga BLAK IZ BLAK, you've officially been warned 
 Nigga - you've officially been warned 
 You hear me? You've you you've OFFICIALLY BEEN WARNED 
 You've been TOLD nigga, you've been fuckin' OFFICIALLY been warned 
 This is for your dome, straight up 
 Mau mau style, back from the forest knahmean? 
 You've OFFICIALLY been told how it's gon' come down 
 End of millineium style 
 You've officially been told how it's gon' be, knahmean? 
 Hard Black, Mau Mau 
 Smooth Black, Mau Mau 
 Big Black, Mau Mau 
 1/16th Black, Mau Mau 
 Jo Black, Mo Black, Double Black.