We can speed in my 2 seater 
 Girl I got a 2 seater 
 Speed in my 2 seater 
 In my 2 seater 
 About a hundred on Fax and it's easy to stop 
 You see my shit isn't stock 
 I used to piss in a pot and now I piss on the walls 
 Since I pissed off a cop, a couple tickets I have copped 
 But I can pay for them all 
 And by the model of my vehicle you know that I ball 
 E92, but '91 the year that Tyler was spawned 
 And If I crash in the woods then I'ma follow with this 
 Tiptronic stick or automatic you pick 
 Shit is static as shit, sure my shit is a M 
 Might get that X6 end, don't follow exit him 
 Might take back street hidden 
 House got all sports cars like his garage is gym 
 Two sapphires on him neck next his precious gems 
 Now AMG it's in boy I will eat him Benz 
 New engine, you got that old shit with those deep rims 
 You got a warranty don't care if you scratchin rims again 
 We can speed in my 2 seater 
 Girl I got a 2 seater 
 Speed in my 2 seater 
 In my 2 seater 
 Sit in my passenger seat 
 You tell me I got too much speed 
 And I should slow, I should slow down 
 But I can't, cause you drive me wild 
 Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car 
 Sometimes it's too much 
 And you can feel the wind in my heart 
 Girl I get a rush when we're speeding in my car 
 Sometimes it's too much 
 I know some dudes that would find you that carry rugers 
 And shottas, and fucking shoot at your Honda 
 Then fucking zoom out in Mazdas 
 Them GOLF boys is bad for you like the food from McDonalds 
 Boy, I'm a king and I ain't lyin', boy, hakuna matata 
 Better watch for them hyenas if you flex then they swarm 
 Cashing so many checks there calling him Tyler O-Comma 
 I'm tryna ball like I was Domo O'Connor in '09 
 Probably September... 
 Boy I'm just rhyming these syllables, suck my genitals 
 Album cover looking like the mascot of the timberwolves 
 Skate park at Pemberton 
 Hoping that I ditched the chords and go pick up the pen again 
 'Cause I kill the dark shit like I'm motherfucking Zimmerman 
 Turn around and lose pounds like I'm fucking Timbaland 
 By pounds, I mean in *beep* 
 Give it till he cop brick like a wall with pig in it 
 And money coming out the blue 
 Like cops are changing fits or shit I'm killin' it 
 Back when Left Brain had the hightop fade 
 And we would go skate on them concrete waves 
 And now I switch gears to hear the cylinders pump 
 The beat thump, don't get it twisted boy my board's in the trunk (Skate!) 
 Can you roll my window up? 
 The fuck you turn my music down for, man? 
 Can you roll my window up? 
 Why? Damn! 
 'Cause it's windy! 
 But I love it when your hair... 
 Blows, when it blows, when it blows 
 When your hair blows 
 Hanging out the sunroof 
 I love it when your hair blows 
 When it blows, when it blows, when it blows 
 Hanging out the sunroof 
 I love it when your hair blows 
 When it blows, when it blows, when your hair blows 
 Hanging out the sunroof 
 Listening to Mac DeMarco 
 Hanging out the roof window 
 Switch to third gear turbo 
 Skrting on these niggas 
 Skrting on these bitches 
 Listening to Mac DeMarco 
 Hanging out the roof window 
 Switch to third gear turbo 
 Skrting on these niggas 
 Skrting on these bitches 
 You can say you don't want to take that drive 
 But your hair, it blows 
 I know we'll have a good time 
 You just gotta stop being scared 
 Just roll 
 Just come and roll with me 
 It's all good 
 Yeah, man, what's good man, you good? I've been chilling, man. I've been doing some push-ups and shit 
 For real? 
 50 a day... Oh w-w-wait... is that that nigga Tyler? 
 I think so 
 Bitch ass nigga here he comes, man FUCK this nigga, man, this nigga stink... w-wait be quiet, be quiet 
 Ight 
 My nigga, T, man, what's good, man, you good? Alright, I see you! 
 I'm good, man, I'm good, I'm good 
 Ay, man, I see you with your little girl sh-she looks... okay. Alright, y'all good, man, alright! Ay, your feature don't start for another 20 minutes, so you can go get your shit up, I can go and get some shit... and I see you with your little jewels and shit too, man! 
 Aw thanks, man, I'm trying, man, I'm just trying 
 Yeah, let me know if you need anything... I got you... just... you know... yeah 
 Alright um... yeah we'll probably walk around and come back when the movie starts whenever 
 Ight, man, I'mma see you 
 Ight, my nigga... ight 
 Fucking FAGGOT, man, I swear to GOD 
 Yeah 
 This nigga bitch weak too! 
 Yeah, she is 
 God dammit! I'd still fuck!