(Yeah... You feel alright?) 
 God, goodness gracious 
 I can't wait to see the look on y'all niggas faces 
 That boy T nuts, surprised his thoughts isn't chafing 
 Fuck them crackers up at Mountain Dew them niggas is racist 
 Cabbage was made, critic faggots was shook 
 So I told 'em that I'll exchange the word "faggot" with "book" 
 And all them "books" is pissed off and had their page in a bunch 
 Fuckin' attitude switched just like a "book" when it struts 
 But, I'm a fraud I pray to God when the six triple "book" bashin' 
 While me and my favorite author's lips tickle 
 Peter Parker pick a pack of peppers when the plot thickens 
 Tyler, The Creator fuckin' kill you with a popsicle 
 Cold blooded so we rock mittens so they won't find him 
 Not kiddin' keep the Tommy on me bitch, I'm Ms. Pickles 
 Said I seem off, last time that team talked 
 Sick of making niggas cabbage so I took the 'preme off 
 Should've bought some stock in it 
 (Yo it's fucked up, I get it, put a sock in it) 
 Not Golf when the little homies don't, wait, let's weigh my options 
 I bought me a mansion, and bought some attention 
 Ain't give none to Hopsin, and dear Boyce Watkins 
 Why you mad? It's the slave in me 
 It's facts boy I'm back like Rosa Parks least favorite seat 
 Videos, stage dives, popups, they watching T' 
 While y'all niggas watchin' the throne, the throne be watching me 
 If you fuck this up 
 There are so many fuckin' kids right now, listenin' to this guy 
 Get those wings flapping motherfucker! 
 Cause this kid's ready to fucking fly 
 Eenie, meenie, miney, mo, nigga nigga on the wall 
 Rap bars, jail bars, die or shoot a basketball 
 Tyler, the dark skin, arrested in Austin 
 Cops know who I was cause their kid said the show was Awesome 
 Tyler, Tyler, I swear to, I swear to fuck! If you fucking... 
 Do NOT fuck this up! 
 You have the whole world in your fucking hands 
 How many leaders in the house? 
 Well can somebody bring the mirrors out? I'm getting lonely 
 Likes and apologies and snaps make it obvious 
 That everybody on this fucking planet lackin' confidence 
 How many leaders in the house? (Do not fuck this up!) 
 Well can somebody bring the camera out so I can film me 
 T a great director nigga's vision must be blurry 
 Boy I get them epic shots like jaywalkin' in Missouri 
 Wait... How many leaders in the house? 
 Well can't somebody bring my album out so I can hear one 
 Pour me a drink, shit I don't know what to think 
 Cause all these niggas leaning like they Forest Whitaker's blink 
 Wait... How many leaders in the house? 
 See why nobody got they hands up, see that's the issue