How many cars can I buy till I run out of drive? 
 How much drive can I have till I run out of road? 
 How much road can they pave till they run out of land? 
 How much land can there be until I run in the ocean? 
 You niggas go with the motions and all the plans 
 Sea I was never into the beaches and all the sands 
 See, I was in the woods with flowers, rainbows and posies 
 Falling outta my pocket, but y'all want to know if I swam to cool down 
 How much cooler can I get until I run out of fans? 
 How many fans can I have until I turn on the AC? 
 If the AC blows, well then I'm TNT, I'm gone 
 I'm gone and I'm finished 
 And I ain't seen my friends in a minute 
 Guessing nothing lasts forever 
 Yeah, nothing lasts forever 
 Nothing sticks together 
 Sick of sitting in doubt 
 Please let me figure this out 
 Shout out to the girls that I lead on 
 For occasional head and always keeping my bed warm 
 And trying their hardest to keep my head on straight 
 And keeping me up enough till I had thought I was airborne 
 How many raps can I write till I get me a chain? 
 How many chains can I wear till I'm considered a slave? 
 How many slaves can it be till Nat Turner arise? 
 How many riots can it be till them Black lives matter? 
 Niggas click clack splatter, pew, pew that nigga 
 Life a game of basketball, you better shoot that nigga 
 'Cause if that cop got trigger, he better pull 
 'Cause when I get pulled over, I usually play it cool 
 'Cause I know what I'm driving is usually paid in full 
 And my ego and possessions, will not let me be one 
 Because I got a mansion, my mansion got some rooms 
 Them rooms got some windows and my windows got some views 
 Them views get some stares and my backyard does too 
 And if you walk to the bottom you'll prolly see a pool 
 You better not drown, keep them ten toes up 
 'Cause if those ten toes down, that mean that you fucked up 
 And that's what I swim in 
 And if I drown and don't come back 
 Who's gonna know? (Baby, then I'll know) 
 And if I crash and don't come back 
 Who's gonna know? (Baby, then I'll know) 
 And if I fall and don't come back 
 Who's gonna know? (Baby, then I'll know) 
 I'm wondering if I don't come back 
 Maybe then I'll know