You wouldn't do that Tyler, kill yourself or anyone 
 You don't even have the balls to begin with 
 What you need is me, someone to talk to 
 Uh, it's been a while since our last session 
 So, tell me what's been going on 
 I'm not a fucking role model (I know this) 
 I'm a 19 year old fucking emotional coaster with pipe dreams 
 Since Kanye tweeted telling people he's bumping all of my shit 
 These mothafuckas think I'm supposed to live up to something? Shit 
 I'm still jacking off and proceeding my life careless 
 But getting more pussy 'cause I tell bitches I'm Wood Harris (As you should) 
 From Philly to Paris, I'm getting these weird stares 
 At skateparks and airports all in the year, it's weird 
 Yonkers dropped and left them craniums mindfucked 
 Now competition missing like that nigga my mom fucked 
 He still hasn't called me yet (That's not your fault) 
 But that's a whole fucking different argument, shit I got over it 
 And the couple bucks in my pocket, so now I could go buy 
 A couple hot pockets and grandmom could stop cooking 
 Them nasty ass collard greens, pressures on me like this top hat 
 Bastard intro, how the fuck I'm gonna top that? 
 Okay, you guys caught me 
 I'm not a fucking rapist or serial killer, I lied 
 (TC) 
 We know. You just want attention. You'll be fine 
 I tried to hard, huh? 
 Made a couple thou' and I just don't know what to buy yet 
 The 'Preme shit is free and I don't drink so fuck a wine set 
 Nigga fuck a mindset, my brain is an obscenity 
 Fucked in the head, I lost my mind with my virginity 
 Oh that's a triple three six, isn't he a devil worshiper? 
 'Cause I'm too fucking ignorant to do some research? 
 I'm the star of the group (Yeah) 
 So no one else gets the respect that they deserve cause of you 
 (Bastard was good though) What you think I record it for? 
 To have a bunch a critics to call my shit a bunch of horrorcore? 
 Like I didn't make Parade or Inglorious 
 'Cause I'm too scared to tell my friends the way I really fucking feel 
 Of course they only listen to lyrics about me pissin' off 
 In the tombs of Lara Croft, I'm getting pissed off 
 Message boards are on my dick, I need a pissing waiver 
 Let me bust one in they mouth, I know they feel the flavor 
 (Tyler) 
 Can't they just be happy for me 
 Like, a kid with nothing, living out his dreams? 
 Why they got to fucking hate? 
 (TC) 
 I think everyone's happy, everyone's in a dream 
 I think you're _____ Tyler, you have to believe that 
 (Tyler) 
 I ain't even skate anymore, I'm too fucking busy 
 I can barely kickflip now 
 (TC) 
 Why? Why is that? Do you not have any free time on your hands? 
 (Tyler) 
 What the fuck you mean "I'm not talented?" 
 You see the shit that I've been doing? 
 (TC) 
 I have. I mean, you're a brave person 
 (Tyler) 
 I'm not that great of a rapper but 
 As a whole, I'm pretty cool, right? 
 People excited thinking shit is so tight 
 Getting co-signs from rappers that I don't even like 
 What the fuck you want me to do? Start to gobble his mic? 
 And start Jackson him off until his cock's blasting off? 
 Fuck that, these niggas ain't fucking with me 
 'Cause I don't listen to the Immortal of Tech of the nique 
 And all this underground bullshit that's never gon' peak 
 On the Billboard Top 20 and Jam of the Week 
 I'd rather listen to Badu and Pusha the T 
 And some Waka Flocka Flame instead of that real hip hop 
 That's bull of the sheet but they want to critique 
 Everything that we, Wolf Gang, has ever released 
 But they don't get it (they don't, 'cause it's not made for) 'cause it's not made for them 
 The nigga that's in the mirror rapping, it's made for him 
 But they do not have the mindset, that same as him 
 I'm not weird, you're just a faggot, shame on him 
 (TC) 
 It is, but Tyler, you're going to have to cut down on that "faggot" word 
 That's very... that's a bad word 
 (Tyler) 
 I'm not homophobic 
 (TC) 
 I mean, I don't think you are 
 (Tyler) 
 Faggot 
 (TC) 
 Fine. Well, since the last time we... 
 (Tyler) 
 The fuck is a good performance? 
 I get on stage and I have as much fun as I can 
 (TC) 
 I mean, you, you, it seems like you have fun 
 But your Twitter posts, just... 
 I mean, they're really random 
 And it's ADD 
 (Tyler) 
 Who doesn't have ADD? 
 Well, I don't 
 (TC) 
 I mean, sometimes, you're just really out in the distance 
 And we just want to know, what's the problem for this? 
 (Tyler) 
 I wish Thebe was here 
 Therapy's been sinning and niggas getting offended 
 They don't want to fuck with me 'cause I do not fuck with religion 
 You see that's my decision, you fuckers don't have to listen 
 Here, put this middle finger in your ear (I'd rather not) 
 When someone gets blamed (what?) cause some white kid had aimed his AK-47 
 At 47 kids, I don't wanna see my name mentioned 
 (TC) 
 I don't think anyone's going to mention 
 I don't think anyone takes you serious enough to believe you 
 College wasn't working and I wasn't working 
 So I was at home jerking off until my dick was hurting 
 But I was determined to be great, so those classes can wait 
 Cause the four days that I went, I wasn't learning shit 
 Now I'm living dreams that I wanted since 8 
 I can afford to get my mother something on her birthday 
 (TC) 
 Well, you explained to me that you were in school, but I... 
 They claim the shit I say is just wrong 
 Like nobody has those really dark thoughts when alone 
 I'm just a teenager, who admits he's suicide prone 
 My life is doing pretty good, so that date is postponed for now 
 Wow, life's a cute bitch full of estrogen 
 And when she gives you lemons nigga throw them at pedestrians 
 (TC) 
 So... what are you saying, take advantage? 
 I mean, you've been doing pretty good 
 I've seen that... 
 I still live in my grandma's house 
 Sell out a fucking show in London just to end up on couches 
 I hate my fucking life, but when I make that announcement 
 My hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then 
 And then I am confused if I want in or just out 
 My friends really think I'm playing when I say I need counseling 
 I sit in grandmother's living room and just pout and shout loud 
 Inside, sometimes I just want to die 
 (TC) 
 No you don't 
 (Tyler) 
 Odd Future came from the bottom 
 And it's gonna take a couple armed armies trynna stop 'em 
 All you fucking lames don't have to like me 
 The devil doesn't wear Prada, I'm clearly in a fucking white tee 
 (TC) 
 Whoa... uhm... all right 
 Uh, she was telling me you went to New York