(It's this girl) 
 She lives next door 
 To the store that I loiter at 
 We talk every night, she cry to me about her guy 
 And if we text, I get pissed when I get no reply 
 (It's this girl) 
 I know that she's the key to love 
 She is who I'm thinking of when I ain't beating richard up 
 The mental images her face looked 
 The closest that I got was when I'm poking her on facebook 
 (This girl) 
 Video chats are so exciting, 
 'Cause it's like she is inviting me to her world full of privacy 
 I'm getting gassed up, I think she's liking me 
 She's gullible, and I just wanna take it like a pirate (aargh) 
 (This girl) 
 I see her in class 
 Not really two doors down, but any time that I pass 
 To take a piss in a stall, I picture us in the hall 
 Locking lips on the wall, her hand grabbing my dick 
 My left hand on her tits, aw my shit's getting hard 
 Some thoughts of dating this bitch 
 (It's this girl) 
 Her name is my password (...fuck) 
 (This girl) 
 All my niggas got they bitches and stuff 
 But all the bitches, they fuck 
 I know these bitches is sluts 
 But she's special, I know to y'all I come off as rough 
 But I'm the nicest to her, and I just want to concur 
 A relation, I want the cheesy dates at the movies 
 And stupid walks at the beach, and sharin' straws in a cup 
 I never had that, so when we holdin' hands walkin' home 
 I look past that, the fact she's fucking guys that I hate 
 But... 
 (This girl) 
 Things are looking great, cut copy 
 Last time that we talked, she said her relationship was rocky 
 Now that mr. faggot's gone, their's no one that can stop me 
 From bagging her, I got these tickets to the roxies 
 (This girl) 
 Next day, metro's taking me home 
 I see her in a cut at wendy's, but she's not alone 
 Who's that guy, wait, why the fuck he 'bout to kiss her? 
 Come to find out she got back with her... nigga... 
 (Damn) 
 Damn... 
 Fuck... 
 (It's this girl) 
 [x2] 
 She's so pretty, fuck self pity, I feel so shitty 
 I wanna text her in a jealous rage, but if she replied 
 Or say anything, I'mma smile, I know 
 What do I do with myself? sit in my room for some days 
 Play xbox with piles full of wet socks, fuck that 
 (This girl) 
 My nigga asked "ace, what happened to such and such?" 
 I her name, and then, tell em' I probably fucked 
 Or I could tell 'em the truth and say she didn't like me much 
 But instead I lie and say she moved to nebraska... 
 (It's this girl...)