So, you tell me that everything just isn't going well 
 Well, first off 
 My only problem is death 
 Fuck heaven, I ain't showing no religion respect 
 Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret 
 Talking to me is like a fucking body missing her neck 
 But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off 
 Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked 
 My hands trembled, my finger's slipped, the wall's red 
 Her life is fucked, she sad now, her son is dead 
 I told her I'm her worst nightmare 
 This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair 
 My spirit floats around in the night air 
 Or in your day dreams, that's how death seems 
 When I was younger, I would smile a lot 
 I'm getting older, getting bolder but a wiser top 
 Now I'm drunk driving, lap's full of the Budweiser tops 
 Life is a movie and you're just a prop 
 They begged me to stop but I listen like death drones 
 Love? I don't get none, that's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some 
 My father called me to tell me he loved me 
 I'd have a better chance of getting Taylor Swift to fuck me 
 Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggas wanna punch me 
 I'm surprised the fucking doctor even touched me 
 Feel like Humpty, you hoping that I'll fall? Fuck y'all 
 I'm Ace, I'm parentless, I'm kinda arrogant 
 Ignorant as fuck, defend people for the hell of it 
 Because I am the devil, fucker get on my level 
 Doughnuts and keys and kick-flips, Supremes and markers 
 My life is Ms. Mo Unique Parker, but a little darker, I'll see you in a couple 
 Tyler, here's some water man 
 You seem a little tense... how is Thebe? 
 All because a nigga just don't give a fuck 
 Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fucking up 
 But fuck that, you're shitty parents, face it, suck it up 
 That's what you shoulda did before that nigga bust, huh 
 Feel like I missed my little brother growing up 
 Feel like my little brother missed his brother growing up 
 But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growing up 
 I got a little taller since the last time you seen me, bro 
 Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm pouring up 
 But I never had a drink, "Sydney, Tyler's throwing up!" 
 My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough 
 I won't feel the feeling I be feeling when I'm sobered up 
 But that's a fucking lie, why would he say that I'm 
 As emotionally strained as Travis when he's... (Tyler, calm down) 
 Don't look at me, I'm 6'5" about to fucking cry 
 About another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die 
 I finally had a family 
 Domo's in another state, where the fuck is Riley? 
 Now you niggas wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me 
 But before the co-signing and you fuckers couldn't find me? 
 Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death 
 One ear I got kids screaming "O.F. is the best" 
 The other ear I got Tron Cat asking where the bullets and the bombs at 
 So I can kill these levels of stress, shit 
 They say that I'm shock value 
 How about you hop off cock and turn volume down? 
 I haven't got around to telling my mom shit 
 'Cause I don't know how to... (Whoa) 
 All I want is her support, whenever the fight's at home 
 When mommy cusses out cousin, some knives get shown 
 Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown 
 And hit her in her fucking neck, now her throat's all gone 
 Looking like a fucking monster from the Twilight Zone 
 Then they wonder why I stay at Travis pad with a backpack 
 For the whole week full of plastic-wrapped black tees 
 And deodorant like this house is my home 
 I could live with the same hat 
 And the same flat-screen TV watching Flapjack 
 And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday 
 Where I skate with the same fucking friends at 
 Didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh 
 "Message from GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat" 
 Email full of emails, I never write back 
 Ain't kill myself yet, now I already want my life back 
 One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops 
 I'm blowin' them flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers 
 You're on the side of faggots and cock blockers 
 I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches 
 I'm Barney, dinosaur Harley of a human 
 'Cause I'm shrooming with the bangers and the carneys 
 You niggas can't harm me cause you all know that 
 We at the fuckin' dirty lifer's laundry (Tyler, calm down) nigga get off me 
 Fuck off me man, fuck (What's got into you?) 
 I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times 
 Sometimes I'm fucking mad, sometimes I'm not (Yeah, you..) 
 As though I got a fucking voice in my head 
 Telling me to do all this fucked up shit, man (Yeah, what's this?) 
 I don't fucking know, man (What's this person named then, Tyler, huh?) 
 He tells me to do this shit that I don't wanna fucking do (What's his name?) 
 Tron Cat