Random exclaimer 
 Hey, don't do anything that I say in this song, okay? It's fuckin' fiction 
 If anything happens, don't fuckin' blame me, white America, fuck Bill O'Reilly 
 4, 3, 2, 1 
 What the fuck I look like, saying I'm sorry 
 To a bunch of fucking fags that can't potentially harm me? 
 I ain't never gonna bow down to your expectations 
 By the way, I got sixty fucking Wolves that'll guard me 
 That skate hard, Thrash black hoodies, try something 
 Make sure your fuckin' feelings end up up in a Glad bag 
 Fuck all your opinions, I'm tyin' 'em with a shoestring 
 And fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing 
 Kill people, burn shit, fuck school 
 I'm fuckin' radical, nigga 
 I'm motherfuckin' radical 
 Left, right, left, right 
 Odd Future Wolf Gang, came together cause, we ain't have nobody else 
 And you? You might just be one of us. Are you? 
 Fuck cops, I'm a fucking rock star 
 Rebellion and defiance makes my muthafuckin' cock hard 
 Fuck pigs, fuck guards, all some fucking retards 
 Fuck school, I'm a fuck up? Fuck Harvard 
 I ain't got no fucking money (hey mom) 
 I ain't got no muthafuckin' daddy, he ain't teach me shit 
 Child support ain't come, that faggot still ain't bought me anything 
 Fuck the fat lady, it's over when all the kids sing 
 They want us to go to they schools and be fucking miserable at they fucking college, studying that bullshit, fuck that 
 Do what the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end, who's there? 
 You 
 You hear that, nigga? That's cult shit right there, nigga 
 Wolf Gang! Fuck everybody else nigga! 
 Stand for something, get money nigga! 
 Wolf Gang in this bitch, nigga, we six feet deep 
 Fuck women, nigga. Odd Future, nigga. Stand the fuck up! 
 I'm not saying to go out and do some stupid shit, commit crimes 
 What I'm trying to tell you is, do what the fuck you want 
 Stand for what the fuck you believe in, and don't let nobody tell you can't do what the fuck you want 
 I'm a fucking unicorn, and fuck anybody who say I'm not. Wolf Gang 
 Fuck your traditions, fuck your positions 
 Fuck your religion, fuck your decisions 
 See, they're not mine, so you gotta let 'em go 
 See, we can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know 
 You gotta let 'em go 
 (Outro: Dr. TC) 
 You gotta let these shits go, man 
 It's not making sense to you right now but 
 All these little dreams you got, they're not shit 
 All this rebellion, all this crazy shit you got, saying this shit 
 Getting too old for this shit, man, you gotta grow out of it 
 Growing up, your dreams are getting bigger 
 You gotta look at reality, understand that shit so you don't get caught 
 I'm just being real (nigga, fuck you) 
 I'm just trying to help you man, trust me 
 (Look, I mature day after day nigga 
 You don't know shit, you're a fucking therapist) 
 Whatever