We come through throbbin' like thunder storms 
 Make them feets get wet and funky up in they under arms 
 I'm too explosive for your ears like I'm throwin' bombs 
 With the exclusive on the channel, bitch I know it's on 
 Niggas get mad like cheerleaders, they throw they pom-poms 
 Suck a dick, eat salam gettin' they nails done in salons 
 Hodgy Beats is like limp balm 
 If you talk shit, I'll make you cry and tell your big moms 
 I got nice hands, niggas eat out my big palms 
 Haters must be starvin' nowadays I make California Vietnam 
 And I'm goin' to embalm my creativity 
 Into a CD-rom, so you can feel this shit up on 
 Turn it up, where's the bass? 
 Bring the keys, yeah 
 Turn it up, where's the bass? 
 Bring the keys, oh my God 
 Turn it up nigga, where's the bass? 
 Could you bring the keys? Yeah 
 Turn it up, nigga where's the bass? 
 Drop the drums 
 =Pink chinchilla, 'cause I'm like Thrilla 
 My t-shirts are bathin', a bathin' gorilla 
 You niggas all hype like you drink a cup of Splenda 
 But I ate that whole plate like a fat bitch dinner 
 I'm never the winner, always the loser 
 I don't choose to win, but I will choose her 
 Her kitty-cat fish loves his tuna 
 I never use a fork I always spoon her 
 Go nuts, instrumental flow much 
 European model white bitch is eatin' donuts 
 Fuck you faggots, I'm with a fat bitch 
 Makin' shit come like I'm go-go gadget 
 I'm mental, it's instrumental 
 Make your future therapist ask for dental records 
 And I hope this record have you stabbin' niggas with colored pencils 
 Turn it up, where's the bass? 
 Bring the keys, yeah 
 Turn it up, where's the bass? 
 Bring the keys, oh my God 
 Turn it up nigga, where's the bass? 
 Could you bring the keys? Yeah 
 Turn it up, nigga where's the bass? 
 Drop the drums 
 Yo, bubble gum that Reese's Pieces 
 You're feelin' life, I'll mug your teachers 
 I've got Muslims crawlin' on Jesus 
 I fucked Kelly, where is Regis? 
 Found Alicia, now she keyless 
 Cold as ice, and now I'm creamless 
 Murdered every bod from my squad 
 So technically, now I'm teamless, O.F. is so prestigious