Oh, you the motherfucking man, huh? 
 Oh, you be fucking bitches, counting all the bands, huh? 
 Oh, you be trapping out the bando selling grams, huh? 
 Oh, you be smoking, drinking lean, and popping Xans, huh? 
 You see, that's the bullshit that I don't need 
 I'm telling y'all niggas, y'all ain't fucking with me 
 See, I look in the mirror and he said, "You are the man" 
 And I said, "Hey man, I agree" 
 Rocks on rainbow, Ben's a nice fellow 
 Your neck reflects your personality, and mine is yellow 
 Boy, I hit the block, like I hate Legos 
 They know, they got thirty seconds; Jared Leto 
 Before they see some halos, and I reload the ammo 
 Boy, it's Golf Wang-o, and that's the squad I bang-o 
 Until my fucking brain go, now let's reload the aim-o 
 Can't a nigga get some fucking chaos in hurr? 
 I'm the truth and the dare 
 And you can get your ass beat like a kick and a snare 
 ScHoolboy's my niggy, you know I'm good in the 50s 
 That boy's not that bad, enh, it's no Biggie 
 It's the G-O, the L-F, we go-go, no homo 
 We black out, and go hard like JoJo and fuckin' Diggy 
 No ship in this series, since I pissed off Iggy man 
 We been that man since Batman had a sidekick 
 Catch me in some Vans like one of them soccer mamas 
 And them bitches blue like that family went to the Dodgers 
 Solve 'em (Oh no!) You can't bitch, I'm a problem 
 And you'll get fucked up like the thoughts inside of my noggin 
 Going harder than the quidditch in Harry Potter 
 All my shows got one black in it like Larry David 
 And I'm that nigga, meaning I'm two niggas, I'm schizo 
 Brent Lowe, my motherfucking bingo 
 Pink and yellow on my neck remind you of my dickhole 
 And I don't really fuck with you niggas, shout out to Jim Crow 
 Don't get offended, love being darkskinned 
 23 with the crib and I don't got no tenants 
 And I don't like sports, but the court got a tennis 
 Is that diamonds on your neck? Stay the fuck out my business 
 See, that's that Cherry Bomb, get my burr on 
 That's McLaren, '91 out the Chevron 
 Motors Flog Gnaw, Vans on, fuck your Jordans 
 Went from throwing up to throwing carnivals 
 Boy, I'm a sicko, flaco nigga, but kinda macho 
 Boy, I got some vatos and shout out to ScHooly, he kinda loco 
 Pack a de la pistol, we splitting nachos, then for that cheese 
 Boy, he was using some shells just like a taco, so grab your goggles 
 Nigga, Taco Tuesday, you don't want none of that 
 Have you heard of Fairfax? Boy, we was running that 
 Nigga took the store from us, yeah, fuck all of that 
 (Man, he really took the store) 
 Crack a cracker with a barrel, uh (yeah) 
 Gang bang tattoos, this ain't a Louis rag (rag) 
 Orange Paisley got me crip crazy (uh, sup 'cause?) 
 Pants heavy, sag to the left with the belt strapped 
 No face mask, nigga, just toe tags 
 Still the blunts getting passed, yeah 
 Ain't worried 'bout no niggas (nigga) 
 Grieve over suckers (sucker) 
 Gunpowder on my knuckles (knuckle) 
 Call the ambulances (ambulances) 
 I'm from the era of crip walking 
 You was clown-dancing, you wanna be me, huh? 
 'Cause is wack in his raps and what he rap, he ain't done 
 Top Dawg, Wolf Gang, smell the cat on your tongue 
 Pussy boy, you fucked over, nigga, control your gums 
 Teeth missing, moms' won't recognize your face when it's lump 
 My square homie's license, double life in my trunk 
 Mind, power, body, and soul, we break handcuffs 
 Got a strike on my record, double cups, and duck 
 You want the life like us, you need to crip that coast 
 You want to steer that wheel, you want to smoke that kil' 
 Well, who am I? 
 Special (Hidden track, physical only) 
 Shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker 
 Anything that'll piss you motherfuckas off 
 I don't even smoke and I'm a level up of all of y'all 
 Bitch, you couldn't reach me with a ladder and a calling card 
 I'm special, nigga 
 Who the fuck are you?! 
 I'm special, nigga 
 They used to tell me to calm down, said I have a problem 
 Now I'm runnin' shit, that's why you never see me wearin' joggers 
 Lead by example, how? 
 All y'all is my son and I ain't never had a fuckin' father 
 Boy, I'mma bring the noise 
 I got my own beat and we all got drums 
 What these weapons about? We're just flexin' about 
 You on your grind who the one that got the wep at their house? 
 Bitch, I do this on purpose, you niggas don't got a purpose 
 This nigga call me a clown, nigga I own the circus 
 Stack is sittin' in my pocket folded up like a papaya 
 You know I golf bitch like I been sleepin' with Tiger 
 Woody woody, my mob, mob is goodie we Oddkast 
 We o-K-K-K just like the clan 
 Hoodie golf shit packet, rip it out the fuckin' package 
 In that all pink fit lookin' like a fuckin' faggot 
 Who the fuck you think you fuckin' with, nigga!? 
 I'm a bad case of I don't even know 
 I'm about to tear the shit out this goddamn house 
 I think I'm about to blow my motherfuckin' brains out 
 Tyler, take a chill pill, nigga