Yo, who dat boy? Who him is? 
 Him that ni-guh, I swear 
 Stand out guy, him don't need no chair 
 Well, where the fuck him at? 'Cause nigga, I'm right here 
 I don't shop at the mall, all y'all just 
 Dumb mothafucka, I'm a goddamn artist 
 You can give me some markers and I'll draw you a closet 
 And you know that it's GOLF, bitch, gonna make the deposit 
 Nigga fresh to death like he got dressed in a coffin 
 Cons, overalls, and a striped shirt 
 The boy drips swag like a broken faucet 
 It's runnin', nigga, I'm runnin' shit 
 That cherry be the bomb like he ran in Boston 
 Won't stop 'til the cops surround him 
 One nigga jiggy and the other awesome 
 With his fuckin' face blown off, that's how they found him 
 It's Young T 
 Who dat boy? Who him is? 
 Who dat boy? Who him is? 
 Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is? 
 Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga? 
 Why you niggas feel like that? 
 Mad 'cause a nigga neck chill like that 
 You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that? 
 Why you puttin' bad vibes in the air like that? 
 Nigga, who dem boys? 
 Who dem is? Nigga, who dem is? 
 Who else step in this bitch this jig? 
 Who else your bitch say got a bick this big? 
 Who else came through with a wrist this flick? 
 Nigga, Guess my pants, do my dance 
 Spin around, bitch, you could kiss my ass 
 Never seen a nigga in this much Raf 
 Still doin' math when I miss my class 
 Was it Summertime '06, had the Number (N)ine 
 Nigga, never mind, was another time before Vince 
 Had the Gucci gold tips with the letterman 
 Nigga, dollar sign was my favorite number at the time 
 Fresh freshmen 'til they skipped my ass 
 Senior citizen, don't forget my pass 
 Been that nigga and you knew that there 
 Make the dick disappear, how she do that there? 
 Who dat boy? Who him is? 
 Who dat boy? Who him is? 
 Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is? 
 Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga? 
 Why you niggas feel like that? 
 Mad 'cause a nigga's neck chill like that 
 You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that? 
 Why you puttin' bad vibes in the-? 
 Fuck the rap, I'm tryna own a planet 
 From my other fuckin' business ventures 
 These niggas these days 
 Actin' like some bitches, like they're fuckin' with ya (yeah) 
 Teeth is glistenin', Jesus, Christmas 
 He just shittin', she exquisite, bitches be expensive 
 (Yeah, let 'em know, nigga) And I don't even need attention 
 WANG$AP on the bumper sticker, fuck you niggas 
 Fuck global warming, my neck is so frío 
 I'm currently lookin' for '95 Leo 
 My mom say she worried because I'm so ill 
 I should stay in bed, but got too much bread 
 To make, she said watch my weight 
 So I stayed home and start eatin' some meals 
 Get out of my way, way, boy that's McLaren 
 That's 0 to 60 in 2 point nueve, I'm gone 
 Call me, call me, call me, uh 
 Call me, call me, call me, uh 
 Call me, call me, call me, uh 
 Call me, call me, call me 
 Call me, how you doin'? 
 Call me, my name is Lonely, nice to meet you 
 Here's my number, you can reach me, woo! 
 911, call me, call me some time 
 911, call me, call me some time 
 911, call me, call me some time 
 911, call me 
 911, call me