Lay there, please don't move baby. 
 On me, don't you stop. 
 Doggy, comin' through baby 
 Watch me hit the spot. 
 You make me wanna speak Spanish 
 You make me wanna be manish 
 Nothing could compare to the way we keep it hot. 
 Strawberries soakin' in amaretto out in the limo. 
 Be spitty, got the car lookin' pretty, in the window. 
 Lets hit the indo 
 Commit a sin in this crescendo. 
 Smoky, foggy 
 Take off your coat, lets hit the doggy. 
 Pull out your scrunchie, let me play through your mane 
 Long, brown, nice and round, explorin' my brain. 
 Selective and picky when we get wet and get sticky. 
 In and out, without a clue, not even a hickey. 
 Love it or leave it, addictive like crystal to meth 
 And it's hard to let go of me when I shift to the left. 
 Never like what you're happy for, I'm more than a man. 
 I can even make you feel me when you're usin' your hand. 
 I'm confident, like an MVP 
 Got the key to the CPT 
 Lookin' for a G like me 
 She F-E-M-A-L-E 
 Where you be at? 
 True love only can be that. 
 I'm tellin' you that you the shit. 
 Call me when you get this hit. 
 Do I love her, do I need her? (Suga Free: nuh uh) 
 Do I take my money out and feed her? (no, no) 
 And should I treat her (no, no) like no other? (nah) 
 I don't know I think I need to ask my brother Suga Free. 
 Do I love her? (uh huh) 
 Do I need her? (Oh, yeah) 
 And when she tells me she loves me, I don't believe her (yeah, you do) 
 No I don't love her, (mm hmm) 
 And I don't need her (Yeah, yeah) 
 And if she don't give me me money I'm a leave her. 
 See baby, I got a spot to fill. 
 And all that callin' me out my name gonna have you 
 Runnin' down the street barefooted again sayin' "not for real!" 
 And how you gonna blame mine? 
 Dawon and Suga Free the same person 
 But you will never catch me and him in the same room at the same time 
 Baby, you not yo best, I called you 
 'Cause I was broke, hoeless, and short on these little ends 
 And it wasn't for no sex. 
 I see you still messin' wit yo phony ballers. 
 But when they tired of you 
 You run yo lil ass right back over here beggin' me for 20 dollars. 
 And mighty funny (mighty funny) 
 You get nice than a mug with them hugs, actin' like you in love 
 With a nigga, when you love money. 
 What? you stuck? 
 Hoe, if I tell yo flea to pull a tree 
 You get a chain and hook his lil ass up. 
 Quik'll give you a piece of his planet. 
 But I'll give you a dirt rock 
 Half a low quat 
 Not a dope spot 
 Nor a piece of this pomegranet. 
 Baby wanna eat-eat? 
 'Cause Suga Free-Free 
 Will go gleek-gleek 
 And tweak-tweak 
 And put yo all to sleep-sleep. 
 Ooh, I'm a tell (I'm a tell) 
 Suga Free pop a beat and spit a rap so swell. 
 She said, "suga free, you know anything about cars, honey?" 
 I said, yeah, you fill 'em up with hoes 
 Take 'em to the hoes store 
 So they can get that money! 
 Do I love her do I need her? (suga free: uh uh) 
 Do I take my money out and feed her? (no way) 
 And do I treat her (no) like no other (man) 
 I don't know I think I need to ask my brother suga free. 
 Ah, do I love her do I need her? (DJ Quik: Oh, yeah) 
 And when she tell me she love me I don't believe her (yeah you do) 
 Do I love her? (mm hmm) Do I need her? (fo sho) 
 Leave me 'lone, leave me 'lone, Devil be gone! I'm leaving (yeah) 
 See, that's what y'all get for underestimatin me and Suga Free. 
 We told y'all we was magical, way back in 1996. 
 But y'all didn't feel that. Y'all chose to sleep on us. 
 Baby, we so powerful, we can make the rain stop (Rain, ne me nome) 
 You feel that? 
 Do I love her, do I need her? 
 Do I take my money out and feed her? 
 And do I treat her (mm mm) like no other? (naw) 
 I don't know, I think I need to ask my brother Suga Free 
 Ooh, do I love her, Do I need her? (DJ Quik: mm hmm) 
 And when she tell me she love me I don't believe her (yeah, you do) 
 Now do I love her (mm hmm) or care about her (you should) 
 You ne me nome, ne me nome, fore I lock you in that box again 
 Do I love her do I need her? (Box again) 
 Do I take my money out and feed her? (ne me nome!) 
 And do I treat her a-like no other? (yeah!) 
 I don't know I think I need to ask my brother Suga Free 
 Ooh, do I love her, do I need her? (sure do) 
 And when she tell me she love me I don't believe her (she need you too) 
 And do I love her (mm hmm) or care about her? (you outta) 
 You ne me nome, leave me alone, before I lock you in that box again 
 Do I love her do I need her? (Box again) 
 Do I take my money out and feed her? (Box again!) 
 And do I treat her a-like no other? 
 Ne me nome