(DJ Quik) 
 Yes, ha ha, Suga Free and DJ Quik 
 (Suga Free) 
 Hey babe, I know you're fine but 
 Ha, open mine up, uh 
 I got some game in the cut 
 Yo, open mine up 
 Holy mackerdime, I'm tryin' to rock wit you both 
 I'm at the same damn time, y'all 
 Now when you be hatin', you be gigglin to pimps when you be visitin 
 Listenin, fiddlin, that nigga's straight with that pimpin' 
 You don't gotta go home 
 No, but you gotta get the hell up outta here 
 So holy smokes and gee whiz 
 If game recognise game, don't check me, go check the trick 
 I know she just had a baby in June, her chest is saggin 
 Her na-na had turned to jelly and her stomach looked like a moon 
 But see I humped in the front, I humped her in the back 
 Then I stopped when she got in the middle of her climax, goin'... 
 Chorus: DJ Quik 
 If you stay ready 
 U ain't got to get, ready 
 If you stay ready 
 U don't ever ever get someone way out to get ready 
 (Suga Free) 
 If I could get a dollar for every time you look at me sideways 
 I'd pay the Westside on Friday 
 To beat all player haters, y'all on my way 
 Don't trip on me, potna, no uh uh 
 I'm havin' visions of Bloody Mary with AIDS tryin' to give some na-na 
 You can't dictate mine 
 What I look like to you, baby? Besides your feelin' is fine 
 All natural like a brain, engineered like no other 
 Fly for life, still as a mannequin when it comes to my mother 
 Capricorn, baby, and I'm stubborn just like you 
 So why don't you do me a favour and tell that lie to that fool 
 Don't get me twisted, baby, I love you too 
 But when that redneck Carlo come with love don't do 
 Baby, my money's on the clock (clock), right around the block (block) 
 You see me stack big knot (knot), my music's all I got (all I got) 
 So I'ma stay ready, so I don't gotta get ready 
 'Cause I rolls like King Tut runs erected like I'm a deist 
 (Suga Free) 
 She says "Suga Free, you got some money?" 
 I said "Yeah, since when?" 
 She said "What that mean?" 
 I look at her dead between her eyes, I said 
 "You ain't gonna get it" 
 Wait, now be still for me, why not just make you independent 
 And you can wear them cameras down to the 
 *Click* and get my scrilla for me 
 The life and times in the city of Gz 
 You live the all-beef patty, special sauce, lettuce, cheese 
 5'8, 36-24-36 
 Aka Yum Yum, full-time hustler, a player's trick 
 But I, I spit this game so swell, no, put your clothes back on, baby 
 I'm into breakin hearts, promises and fingernails 
 That was no lie 
 And I put that on the Holy Ghost and four more gods 
 You broke my heart and I let you succeed 
 'Cause to a player that's a organ that you really don't need 
 Low and behold, what good is havin' a heart if it could break and b-b-broke? 
 So if you stay ready, what you gonna have to get ready for? 
 Outro: DJ Quik 
 One time, y'know? God damn 
 One time, no-no, say what you do 
 Make your money, and what you say 
 Holla ya ready, I'm Suga Free 
 Get my a money, oh baby oh 
 What you wanna do to me? 
 God damn, Suga Free, ???? DJ Quik and I stay for life 
 Uh, aight y'all, hahahahah 
 Uh...