Every little thing she does is magic... 
 Know why? 
 'Cause she ain't a bitch 
 (Verse One) 
 You see... 
 There was a black man, a white man, and a Chinese man and God was giving out hair 
 He said, "Black man, what kind of hair do you want?" 
 He said, "Just ball mine up and throw it here." 
 Don't nothing come to sleepers but dreams 
 And then you wake up with reality in the distance, spinning and thinning complaining 
 Don't do me... God 
 No damn favor 
 You hate me 'cause I pimp a prostitute 
 You think I'm playin' nigga, after you 
 Now here's a person, here's a place, here's a thing we can a game 
 Oh yeah, you're glasses before you enter cause me and you, we don't see the same thang 
 I dance low, low, low, lower, lower, lower 
 Hair flying bounce you notice 
 I ain't for play 
 No day 
 I mean every motherfucking word that I say 
 What's fly to me is that the real ones 
 Catch on, bring you up 
 Respect the game, look out for daddy and know to shut the fuck up 
 I'm driving 
 I'm thinking 
 Checking out my business you better believe me 
 Hoeing 
 Prostitution 
 Tell me patna what is yo' solution 
 (Verse Two) 
 Do what you say, say what you mean cause one thing leads to another 
 But I guarantee that understanding me 
 I'll prolly make you pop a plea to your brother 
 City lights, heavy traffic just makes my day 
 'Cause when I send my ho to work she catching date after date 
 While you sitting there wanting to lay up 
 Look bitch, ain't you got something to do today [?] you playa hater 
 Can't wait to leave sometime like five days ago 
 When I left saying "Once a ho always a ho" 
 I got a mack attack, I got a Tac attack 
 I got a [?] 
 Turn to me, we got to move the P 
 We got round brown pimpin' Suga Free, ooh wee 
 (?) 
 When Tone set down his gat, stepped back and told this nigga [?] 
 I'm driving 
 I'm thinking 
 Tell me why or what do you believe in 
 Is it money? 
 Now, is it power? 
 Pimp I pimp I pimp hour by hour 
 (Verse Three) 
 My people built this motherfucker and I know my way around 
 You see the same ole' faces going up, coming down 
 And I still can't read 
 And you ask me if I'm qualified to give you motherfuckers just what y'all need 
 I got a problem 'cause I'm fresh out the penitentiary baby 
 And I admit I'm antisocial and it's driving me crazy 
 At least in prison there's a guard tower 
 For level ones, level twos and level threes hour after hour 
 So many memories of struggling with my band bro 
 '85 counting Miller, 2001 [?] 
 The inmates asked me how I catched this case 
 They couldn't believe that Suga Free was right there in they face 
 The whole yard told another yard before I left the R