So pay attention, babe 
 Pay attention 
 Our Father, who art in Heaven 
 Quik gave me a beat, now Pomona's on the set, now... 
 Get your money, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Mama tries but there ain't no love like homie love, baby 
 I'm G'd up and I'm crazy 
 And there's a mellow ghetto breeze on my ass 
 'Cause I'm, saggin', don't wanna die so I'm taggin' 
 Now when I see my baby cryin' 
 I can't explain how it hits me 
 I'm tryin' papers while she fill it in 
 Ya see in order for me to win, I gotta lose sometimes, baby 
 I know I'm wrong but I'ma make it 
 Now I... 
 Never hit hit a woman, naha 
 But I slapped the shit out of a bitch, why you bullshittin'?! 
 If you think a little ahead, you gets a little ahead, little trick 
 But I ain't goin' against the grain, not me, not even a little bit 
 Bet she didn't tell you she used to be my ho, huh? 
 Yeah nigga, she sold that pussy for me, in Pomona 
 You better take some of this night time sticky icky head 
 'Fore she could realise I'm tryin' to get rich with Quik 
 Why you bullshittin'? ?? 
 Suga Free is lovely and pretty as I can be 
 Perms simpler than Charlotte Spred, waves deep as Redonda Beach 
 Tellin' you to 
 Get your money, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 I get down, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Now what's the problem nigga? 
 Whu-what? Yo' lady won't suck your dick? 
 Cause for the very low low price of $100 you can use my bitch 
 And if you act now, man, I'll throw in a ho that'll buff your nad 
 She used to work down there at the Sperm Bank 
 See, she got fired for drinkin' on the job 
 But you ain't know, givin' baby yo' money, be killin' me! 
 Lettin' that bitch disrespect you in front of yo' friends be killin' me! 
 Always givin' that bitch some dick, killin' me 
 Goin' through one ear, comin' out the other, 
 Talkin' 'bout you feelin' me 
 Now, partner tell me where my love at 
 'Cause I'ma tell you where you're wrong at 
 I'll be in but I won't break, not me, no matter 
 If I'm broker than her, I won't take her purse 
 I just want the whole ??? 
 Shit! And at that you broke, been broke, gon' be broke 
 Wanna see me broke, but please ho, really doe 
 'Cause I, tell a lie? She tell a lie 
 Sit there with a straight face ??? on one anothers lives 
 Now I can tell you 30 times how to pimp you a ho 
 And I can tell you 30 mo' and you still won't know 
 Partner, you wanna overuse the pussy? 
 Me, I'm tryin' to hit the news with the pussy 
 In a survey it's estimated that 9 out of 10 men don't check they styles 
 But Suga Free'll tell your pretty ass to get the fuck out! 
 And get my money, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 I get down, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Bitch come get yo' damn kid, you see him tearin' up my shit? 
 She's starin' dead at they ass, you won't tell 'em to quit 
 Now, I whoop they ass, fuck waitin' till baby turn her back 
 Lil ol' man come sock me, trust me 
 He tryin' to run, he gettin' cracked 
 I want you but I really don't need you, bitch 
 Cause all you do is eat, burp and fuck and talk that shit 
 And tell yo' kids I ain't they motherfuckin' daddy 
 What-what? Yo' medi couch fly? 
 'Cause they look like they been eatin' cabbage 
 And it don't cost a dime 
 I won't knock one pork chop off yo' plate 
 If you don't knock one of mine, ?? 
 Cause a hoes gonna be a ho for real 
 Quit jockin' her cause youse a snack, she lookin' for a meal 
 And I ain't tryin' to be your friend bitch 
 Buddy, buddy, that's my partner, that nigga cool, and all that shit 
 Sayin: I won't be afraid, I won't go astray 
 I'll play like I'm wake, I'll stay in my place 
 Please let me stay, I'll hold to my grave 
 So how you wanna handle this? Baby we'll dismantle this 
 And we blows you out like a candle trick 
 Hahahahahahaa 
 And we blows you out like a candle trick 
 Man, get your money, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Believe me, I get down, why you bullshittin'?! 
 That's right, baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Don't fuck around, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Yo, Kingpin, why you bullshittin'?! 
 I think, Pomona Town, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Uh! That's where I'm from, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Get your money, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Table for two, baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Uuh, trick, it ain't hard, why you bullshittin'?! 
 And you know what? Credit card, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Got my money baby, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Ah, god damn, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Suga Free, I get down, why you bullshittin'?! 
 Suga Free, Black Tone, don't be bullshittin'! 
 Kingpin for life! 
 Ah, I get down for life, oh!