I Mr. Thanksgiving 
 Its for the money this time 
 Howdy do motherfuckers its Weezy Baby, 
 Niggas bitchin' and I gotta toke the cannon. 
 Listen close I got duct tape and rope, 
 I'll leave you missin' like the fuckin' O'bannons. 
 One hand on my money, on hand on my buddy, 
 That's the A-K forty seven made his neighborhood love me. 
 Bullets like birds you can hear them bitches hummin', 
 Don't let that bird shit, he got a weak stomach. 
 Niggas know I'm sick I don't spit I vomit, 
 Got it? 
 One egg short of the omelet. 
 Simon says, shoot a nigga in his thigh and leg, 
 And tell him catch up like mayonnaise, um. 
 I'm the sickest nigga doin' it, 
 Bet that baby. 
 These other niggas dough I'm wet crack baby, yes. 
 Get back get back boy this a set back, 
 Clumsy ass niggas slip and fall into a death trap. 
 Them boys pussy, born without a backbone, 
 And if you strapped we can trade like the Dow Jones. 
 Wet him up, I hope he got his towel on, 
 I aim at the moon, and get my howl on. 
 Some niggas cry wolf, I'm on that dry kush, 
 And when it comes to that paper I stack books. 
 You heard what I said, 
 I can put you on your feet 
 Or put some money on your head. 
 Life ain't cheap, 
 You're better off dead. 
 If you can't pay the fee, 
 Shout out my nigga fee. 
 See every mother fucker at the door don't get a key, 
 You outside lookin' in, so tell me what you see. 
 Its about money its bigger than me 
 I told my homies don't kill him bring the nigga to me, yeah. 
 Don't miss, you fuckin' with the hit man, 
 Kidnap a nigga make him feel like a kid again. 
 Straight up, I ain't got no conversation for ya, 
 Nigga talk to the (cannon) 
 Have a few words with the (cannon) 
 Tell it to my mother fuckin' (cannon) 
 Straight up, I ain't got no conversation for ya, 
 Nigga talk to the (cannon) 
 Have a few words with the (cannon) 
 Tell it to my mother fuckin' (cannon) 
 Ayo 
 I make it hard for rap niggas I'm peer pressure, 
 Matter fact I'm motivation to rap better. 
 I show niggas how to act how to dress better, 
 I stay fresh more fitted caps than bat catchers. 
 I'm the crack 
 The smack 
 The gun 
 The rule 
 The gat 
 The strap 
 The gun 
 The tool 
 The motherfuckin' (cannon). 
 Other words I'm the real, for real 
 We can go check for check or bill for bill, 
 We can go chick for chick or skill for skill, 
 The deal is sealed. 
 Niggas ain't real as Will 'cause I'm a (cannon). 
 And I handle well pedal like Cannondale. 
 And I got the fifty cal mag it's a hand-held. 
 I'm tellin' you niggas I pop put a shell in you niggas, 
 My nice watch'll Helen Keller you niggas. 
 I got whores in the cannon camcorder bendin' over 
 Blowin' game by the quarter weed over in the Rover nigga 
 From Philly to where I'm landin I'm a cannon. 
 And I'm on that Philly fire shit, 
 Then I come fully equipped. 
 You try me get bodied keep the shawty in the whip. 
 If a nigga try to stick me I'm a blam him. 
 Sing a long da da da di I'm free got the butters 
 Got the green and got the tan got the whole enchilada. 
 Homie know I'm inside of your house, 
 Tie up your brother. 
 Make the prick call up your mother 
 She might know where to find you. 
 I am, on top of my job 
 The heavyweight champ of the flow 
 Its flow like the ocean, open water you drownin' 
 I will, four pond 'em 
 And sink them heat 'em and leave 'em stinkin'. 
 Sharks surround them and eat them nice then know that I will. 
 Roll over ya squad like I'm a one punch card. 
 You chumps, you best call General Motors. 
 I will, take control of your soldiers. 
 You wont listen till I toss them in the wok like chicken. 
 General toaster