I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 Until, I heard a church pray for the death of Obama 
 And wondered if they knew they share that prayer with Osama 
 Blasphemy and karma, the comedy of drama 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 Until, I imagined, they were suddenly aware of it 
 But wondered who's the heretic, and is the true terrorist, American or Arabic 
 A mix of surprise and embarrassment 
 Laughing and crying at the same time... 
 Different lives, all the same dying 
 Two enemies of the same mind 
 Same hope, same laughter, same crying 
 But I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 Until, I saw a child wish on a star, and it came true 
 And realized the two of them, shared the same view 
 From below and above, with the light within 
 That glows like love and illuminates the truth 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 Like Marvin singing, I heard it through the Grapevine 
 Until, I saw an old prince, with the fear of a crown 
 And smoke filled his eyes, with the tears of a clown 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 See, my heart cries, out against lies 
 So I hate when it's sunny, when the world seems blue 
 It's only funny, 'cause it's true 
 But we're human, with me it's less funny, more funny when it's you 
 That's the rules that we play by 
 So I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 Until, I saw a boy, with a teardrop tatted 
 Smiling face, painted with a faint trace of sadness 
 He was laughing and crying at the same time... 
 They say you can't fall in love with the same mind 
 I hope it gets there, if I was ever even here 
 Memory's strange 
 The past, like the future's never clear 
 But I'm pretty sure I never smile, while I shed a tear 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 Until, I saw my father, as a young man like me 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 Until, I saw god, as a young man like me 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 Until, I saw a girl, bring a smile to her brother 
 With the wisdom of a child, for the death of their mother 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time... 
 I never laughed and cried at the same time...