Yeah 
 I roll with clever broads 
 With goals like Federov 
 Seeking better jobs instead of running scam's like "set it off" 
 Some aren't the sharpest but they know what they stand for 
 They don't let jams disrespect them on the dance floor 
 And no they never hit college like the Danforth 
 For damn sure they got each other back like a jansport 
 Girls in a league of they own, like gina davis, 
 Nina simon ladies, tina fey chicks, christina applegates 
 And bonita applebaums that don't mask and say "nothing" when 
 You ask what's wrong. That's what's up. And they can laugh it up. 
 And they don't pass the buck. 
 Nothing for certain we all have to trust someone, 
 I used to want to find the love of my life, 
 Now I'm trying to live a life of love, it's not just a husband and wife thing 
 Something that Christ bring's some comfort at night 
 True beauty doesn't run from the light. 
 Keep Shining. 
 Keep Shining 
 And I've been known to talk about women on a track or two 
 I talk to women I just can't talk for women, 
 That's for you 
 We need women for that more women in rap, 
 Even tracks like kweli's for women 
 That's still only half the view of the world 
 There's no girls rapping so we only hearing 
 Half the truth, what we have to lose? 
 Too much half our youth gone represented, 
 The better halves of dues. 
 So we don't hear about your brain just your "brains" 
 How you Roc-A-Fella 
 Stacy Dash things. 
 We just need your voice like an acapella 
 Something in the music gotta change. 
 Alot of things. 
 It's funny how words like consciousness and positive music 
 Can somehow start to feel hollow. 
 Its become too synonymous. 
 We're polishing soft collagen lips, on the face of grace politics. 
 Well you can't be everything to everyone, so lemme be anything to anyone. 
 The world turns and their's clouds sometimes but there's no such thing as a setting sun. 
 It always keep shining. 
 Keep Shining. 
 Check it out. 
 My mom taught me where to keep my heart. 
 My aunt taught me how to sing two parts. 
 My sis taught me how to parallel park, 
 And tried to teach me math but she way to too smart. 
 My grandma in the 80's is still sharp. 
 My girl's cousin is in activism in art. 
 They taught there's no curls to tight, no mind too bright, no skin to dark 
 To keep shining. 
 Yeah, Keep shining. 
 Yeah 
 Yeah. 
 Keep Shining.