I'm staring at the world's blankest page 
 White with all the angst and rage 
 I can't convey 
 Just feeling so distraught and depressed 
 As I imagine these lines filled 
 With all the sick rhyme skill 
 I thought I possessed 
 It's a pressure to produce, it's my process its slow 
 I got no mic presence and no progress to show 
 It's this project it's so ambitious 
 It makes me wish that I could just 
 Sit and talk to a professional musician 
 Cause maybe he could tell me if I got the talent 
 I just wanna shoot the gift 
 All I wanna do is spit so bad and its sad 
 Cause all I wanna do is quit when the pressure hits 
 Pondering the prospect of failin' y'all 
 I get left with this sick deep feelin' 
 Most definite, I should sleep this off 
 Man you can't be this soft. 
 Man where'd you come from? 
 Listen son take those bedsheets from off your body 
 No time for rest, don't just resign to stress 
 I'm the real MC that you wanted to find 
 And test your rhymes and get 
 All the thoughts in your mind addressed 
 Sit up a second let me answer your questions 
 (Original Rap, with new school leaders) 
 Young bro, open your eyes you're gonna make great music 
 Just open your soul and cats will relate to it 
 If you open your heart at least you'll escape through it 
 Yeah I'm scared that I will but still no one will take to it 
 I guess that's why I'm stuck before this opening line 
 'Cause when my demo drops its gotta be blowin' some minds 
 To make some dough with these rhymes I must be showin' them I'm... 
 What, deaf? Cause only the deaf need to go and get signed 
 Just to express themselves, you can get your wealth in other ways 
 I ain't tryin' to scam millions, or get your love and praise 
 Cause god gave man brilliance 
 Yeah but why plan buildin' if the most I'll ever do 
 Is rhyme for my grandchildren? 
 Respect! You love to get but you hate to earn 
 This time can be a blessing if you wait your turn, 
 And simply stay concerned with making sure you state what you feel 
 When you're lacin' your reels and always elevatin' your skills 
 See I've learned this thing determines what it takes to get ill 
 And real patience doesn't mean you sit and wait for a deal 
 Build with local cats, do the open mic thing 
 There ain't none! 
 Then make some, you wanna be an all time great son? 
 Cool, do your thing, but just recognize this 
 Success won't make you happy 
 At best it make you rich 
 At worst it make you paranoid bitter and afraid 
 And either way there's no use for cash in the grave 
 Problems and platinum plaques, 
 So don't let your raps detract from the bigger things in life 
 Cause that's a trap, for real! 
 (Original rap, with new school leaders) 
 Yo, tell me exactly how you got your props? 
 One day I started working hard and just forgot to stop 
 If you don't stay on your rhymes you'll probably rock the spot 
 Around the time pigs fly like some cops with hops 
 But Man I'll never match 
 That's true, who in the world can? 
 Most of these cats can't even flow, like Pearl Jam 
 Man I'm just playin', but you gotta have confidence 
 Well what about humility? 
 Well I'm not sayin' be pompous kid, just recognize your ability 
 Cause a real MC knows if he's competent, you feelin' me? 
 Well are you feelin' me, do I got what it takes? 
 Well do you got a vision, a purpose, a mic, and some breaks? 
 I know you got the passion 'cause I can see it in your face 
 And that's already more than half of these cats making tapes 
 I'm trying to be making papes though, school ain't my thing 
 All I think about is rappin' and makin' this happen and... 
 Man I been there, matter of fact I'm still here 
 Let me get some cats on the mic to explain this to you real clear 
 Fellows who can speak with authority 
 Listen: 
 While real MC's and DJ's are a minority [Gang Starr - You Know my Steez] 
 A dope MC is a dope MC with or without a record deal, all can see [KRS One - Step Into a World] 
 See no need for boozy crowds clappin' their hands 
 I never let a statue tell me how nice I am [Tribe Called Quest - Award Tour] 
 Stay far from timid only make moves when your hearts in it [Notorious B.I.G - Sky's the Limit ] 
 It ain't hard to tell [Nas - It Ain't Hard to Tell] 
 I part mimics market it for target and charts with smart gimmicks 
 From the fresh soul for sharp witted and artistic (?) 
 (Original rap, with new school leaders)