Yo, now I'm s'posed to be cool under the collar, 
 A student of the dollar, a proven scholar in the school of commerce. 
 A dude who's smooth and styled but whom never loses calm, 
 Or drool and slobber like a fool and fall for a doll like Julia Roberts. 
 But still they get to me like Destiny's Child, 
 Don't drive me wild intellectually they fresh to see. 
 I guess I'm being a misogynist and I acknowledge this, 
 The problem is I just don't see all girls as goddesses. 
 'Cause a lot of them I think less, like princess, 
 Why's this silly pseudo pimp pressed against your pink dress? 
 When he drinks Ex does his stink breath impress, 
 'Cause he has no genuine interest, the only thing's sex. 
 Not your heart, soul, or IQ and why do I know this, 
 Well miss I try boo, but I'm a guy too, 
 And so I'm qualified to say, 
 That what a lot of guys display are just some hollow lies devised to get play. 
 But I won't apologize cause most of y'all ain't slow chicks, 
 With no wits so when a pro approaches you should know this, 
 Its easy decodin' the motives of these horny guys. 
 You're roses but the thorns you expose keep me torn inside, 
 And keep me writin poems devoted to my corny side, 
 So prob'ly still be home with my folks when I'm 45. 
 So I'm not quick to give props to cute chicks though they're hot, 
 'Cause dude the awful truth is when it comes to love they don't got us a clue. 
 Like how does Pretty Woman constitute a romance? 
 Some old man that's got some loot knockin' boots with a prostitute. 
 So homey don't be led astray in any way, 
 When women say they want a man they mean a wallet and a wedding day. 
 Still them girls with extensions in their hair and pretentious inner wear, 
 That leaves me all defenseless in their stares. 
 But they don't care for my attention which is senseless, 
 'Cause I swear that there's no need to mention good intentioned men are scarce. 
 I want a Clair Huxtable, I want a Clair Huxtable y'all, 
 See if I had a Clair Huxtable I'd tell her shyly, 
 I'm like the letter Q, nowhere without you beside me. 
 Nah, I won't make this any cheesier. 
 Maybe I don't hate 'cause they're sleazier, 
 But simply 'cause that way it's easier. 
 I'm scared to fail so, 
 Even if the chick has got a halo and a fat tail, 
 Like J-lo I'll still lay low. 
 This frail soul has only got his pride to protect him, 
 So I'll deny a connection instead of vie for affection. 
 Plus we find it soothing to mock the short skirts, 
 'Cause that length tends to mirror our sense of self worth sometimes. 
 Instead of being free from these confines, 
 Its safer to stay disgruntled and just pummel dumb minds with punchlines. 
 Without discretion or respect to give 'em, 
 'Cause a good offense is the best defense mechanism. 
 So I don't feel like tellin' y'all to throw your hands in the air, 
 And wave 'em all around 'cause I just don't care. 
 I'm a sharp jerk who leaves his heart's hurt 
 Buried deep beneath the smart smirk and in parts of my darker artwork. 
 My partners out there but we ain't together still, 
 So I better build with someone 'cause I doubt that we ever will. 
 And if I never feel love at least I'll never cry, 
 If only fools fall guess I'm a pretty clever guy. 
 For never trying and just voluntarily staying solitaire, 
 'Cause in all sincerity who wants to marry me? 
 I'm callous and cold and I've grown distant, 
 'Cause most sisters only talk to me when their man wont listen. 
 The worlds a stage but not everyone acts right, 
 At the club I'm seein' more tricks than a half-pipe. 
 Now I'd never diss a sister or call one a slut or whore, 
 But some honies is hard headed like Mount Rushmore. 
 I'm sorry I swore I won't bash, 
 But if they treat you like a substitute teacher, 
 Its probably 'cause you've got no class. 
 Now hold fast every woman's a queen, 
 If you're as lost as I am then you know what I mean, 
 I'm out of love, I'm out of love, 
 This is out of love.