Oh it's on 
 You just did it now 
 "Here's the tip off" okay, okay 
 Oh, tip, 
 "And this game is under way" 
 "He's lighting it up"! 
 Oh, check it out 
 I got the passes, I got the shots 
 I got it all, baby 
 (Let's talk about the greats, yeah) 
 Larry bird couldn't fly, but he never went stale 
 'Cause he could pass to Danny Ainge or Kevin McHale 
 And they rarely failed to bury the basket 
 Bob Cousy could pass it too, very fantastic players 
 With sick game but not insane 
 The only pistol Pete Maravich had was in his nickname 
 And it's a shame that the dummies on our block 
 Would rather bunny hop than listen to Red Auerbach 
 There they go again. Whenever I'm talking ball 
 With a white friend, he gotta pipe in 
 Talking 'bout, "I miss how they used to play in Cousy's day," 
 Well, at least they could shoot a J 
 Well, ok, now, Larry Bird had a fine career 
 Full of jackin' ugly J's from behind his ear 
 Even had some militant brothers inclined to cheer 
 From '79 and up until his final year 
 But McHale was dirty, frail and nerdy 
 You can't even rate him on the same scale with Worthy 
 Put that talk in your dreams. McHale fought with Kareem 
 Cause Kevin sharpened his elbows and popped in the screens 
 Yeah, he popped his elbows and caused a swelled nose or two 
 But it's true didn't shoplift shell toes 
 Ask Chris Weber how he went and got his swell clothes in college 
 From his economics knowledge? 
 Hell no 
 Velcro couldn't stick closer to John Stockton 
 In the defensive pose. I got the poster 
 And no, he didn't have Malone's chest and pipes 
 He was the brains like Harrelson with Wesley Snipes 
 So, you say Stock's got the most brains 
 But that's just 'cause he's slow with no game, and vericose veins 
 Fo sho tho, now some of y'all are so so 
 But the last white boy I seen with a ring was Frodo 
 Well, Michael's got six, and Russell's got eleven 
 All Stock has is daisy dukes and he's a legend 
 To every Nazi clown in a WASPy town 
 Still playing in shorts shorter than Foxy Brown 
 You can talk about the shorts and even the jerseys 
 But you know you got to pass it to a whitey for a sure three 
 (True) 
 Without John Paxson, or Steve Kerr 
 You never would-a seen a Bulls three-peat t-shirt 
 And leave your Nazi talk at the station 
 Craig Hodges taught his kid to hate caucasians 
 Got a strong case and you can't deny it 
 Just look at the kids face in the Pacers riot 
 Yeah, yeah, okay I was appalled myself 
 But it's not like David Stern or Bill Walton helped 
 And there's no denying Steve Kerr could shoot the long three 
 But dude, c'mon B, Perdue and Longley? 
 Check the figures: Payton strips, tends to dishin' the rock 
 And Big Ben Wallace was always sick with the swats 
 Well, you always had a point, but now's not the time 
 To be bringing up the numbers when you dropped your rhymes 
 If you calculate the leaders, at the top you'll find 
 It's Kirilenko and Nash first, in blocks and dimes 
 Plus, it's Stock, not Payton first in all-time steals 
 Maybe your boys're too busy keepin' it real 
 (Can't argue with that) 
 Oh dirty 
 There's stuff goin' on, you don't even understand, man 
 Check it 
 Now, the man's got some plans, y'all. I'm statin' the facts 
 First the military's gonna say it's a draft, 
 But that's just so they can send LeBron James to Iraq 
 Then they'll lock up Abdul Rahim with the Patriot Act 
 See it was their game, now they plan on taking it back 
 And see all the Barry brothers go straight to the rack 
 Plus the refs always help the farm boys from the back woods 
 C'mon. Y'all didn't think that Nash was that good? 
 (I did.) 
 Now, officials take illegal funds to hide the stats 
 So, the zebras always got more white stripes then black 
 More White Stripes than Jack and Meg 
 Like, ever wonder why Stock still passed to Greg 
 When the ball would just smack his hand 
 Questions and actions have to beg 
 Stakes is high like De La? at the keg? 
 First it was one sixteenth black and that's what your race is 
 Now, they wanna change it to claim J. Kidd 
 That's clear divide and conquer, y'all so stay smart 
 Mike Bibby, Rick Fox and K-Mart stay dark, brothers 
 "Raises up!" 
 Shad, you're wasting you brains, no one's taking your claims 
 Quit rapping and grab your kicks, man; we're late for the game. 
 See he's the type of guy who has the stats remembered 
 Like how many assists Nash had last December 
 And I'm the type who ain't that strong with the pill 
 But still braggin with dominant skill with karma and will 
 Now Shad, I feel drained 
 So spit your real game 
 Here's one in your eye 
 "You'll feel pain" 
 Whoo! 
 "Jams it in" 
 Yeah, your mother can't dunk 
 My mom can dunk. My mom can dunk. She used to be able to dunk. She can touch the rim still 
 Oh no! 
 Oh!