Just vibin'... 
 We wilin'... 
 We stylin'... 
 Check it out, I'm just spitting that for the love of spitting rap 
 Hits like Nickelback singing with The Diplomats 
 Written by Max Martin swinging with the whiffle bat 
 Hear the pistol blast then I hit the track 
 Running like a Kenyan 'cause I'm Kenyan, ask my mama 
 Yeah I'm running like a Kenyan see I'm running like Obama 
 On that ticket, this is wicked as that Broadway play with the witches in it 
 Tell me who's the sickest, kid I'm putting on a clinic, listen 
 You don't know about really touching the lyrics 
 So touching when I'm touching on any subject I'm fearless 
 They can't stomach it, I'm loving it munching nuggets in Paris 
 See the throne? That's my zone don't let me even get near it 
 Please, I'm ahead of my time, wait, now I'm ahead of the times 
 Sped up ahead of the beat, speaking of time whenever I head to the meet 
 I'm always ahead of the heat, head of my class egg head with glasses 
 Leaving these heads with a classic, now let me just head to the back 
 Lay my head down and nap for a bit 
 Please, we just vibin', next thing ya know we wilin' 
 (Yeah) we (we) stylin' people weaker might get violent 
 (Yeah) we (we) vibin' next thing ya know we wilin' 
 (Yeah) we (we) stylin' people weaker might come off 
 Yo, I know you used "Keep Shinin" to chop chicks, don't lie yo! 
 I know geeks rhyming that soft ish is the hotness right now 
 You refined and you all slick, talking français some 
 "Je suis dining with chopsticks" 
 You're sly dog, and you're from Africa right? 
 That's amazing. That's really great, fascinating 
 See I got fans that say "Oh hey Shad, I hate rap but I like you," 
 Well I hate that, but I like you at least I like that you 
 Like me so I won't spite you, it's not your fault you're a white dude 
 Likes white music I like too, just don't be surprised by my IQ 
 Please, it's like back in high school they said "highbrow" 
 I said, "hi who?" That Shakespeare, that's a haiku 
 I liked Hiero so I was like dude that's basic 
 That's like crude but you're old placed to my iTunes 
 Use your common sense, matter fact use Common Sense 
 For that matter use Ice Cube, don't think that we nice too 
 'Cause we don't look like you, 'cause we don't know how to tie ties 
 And our grandparents weren't tycoons? Please, lemme finish my Thai Food 
 Please, we just vibin', next thing ya know we wilin' 
 (Yeah) we (we) stylin' people weaker might get violent 
 (Yeah) we (we) vibin' next thing ya know we wilin' 
 (Yeah) we (we) stylin' people weaker might come off 
 I see these kids tryna network, NBC 
 Plaque and master's in the same week? NBD 
 I'm still marching to the same beat: MPC 
 I just feel like I see the same tweets and MP3s 
 I guess we not in the same league, MVP 
 Guess that means we're in the same league, but I'm 23 
 That's LeBron, that's Jordan either way I'm the best draft: MGD 
 If I'm not in the dot, find me in BC 
 East Van is the riding I'm the MPP 
 'Cause I really run that party, not the NDP 
 I'm playing NPG, Prince and 10cc 
 They say the kids got balls by the plenty, B 
 Sax like Kenny G, any key 
 Kings like Akeem and Semmi be 
 The hottest, they keep talking like they got it I'm like, let me see