"The old prince still lived at home..." 
 Yeah... 
 Yo, I live at home still, 
 Not payin' phone bills, hydro, or rent 
 And my mom makes most meals. 
 So it's so ill, I don't need no skrill 
 Only cash for gas when I borrow my folks wheels. 
 "But you can't drive!" 
 Whatever, I van dive. 
 "Get a good bike!" 
 Man who I look like, that Lance guy? 
 I ain't pushin' no banana seat, 
 Lookin' like some 8 year old kid on your grandma's street. 
 You can go ahead call me lazy, 
 "Lazy!" 
 I just retire real young y'all, call me Jay-z. 
 Or maybe I just hate these crappy jobs call me crazy, 
 But I refuse to work 'em man its miserable. 
 Can't do it less its due to circumstance 
 And I need the cash to feed my astronomical appetite. 
 For the time bein' y'all I'll sacrifice, 
 And have a life minus a couple luxuries. 
 Just cuttin' my budget schemes and gettin' some stuff for free, 
 Like why's a brother need a dentist? 
 "Its expensive" 
 So my gums are bleedin', they do every time when he scrubs 'em clean, 
 And every year they try to bump the fee, 
 Plus he'll probably recommend braces. 
 "There you go" 
 That's another G! 
 Well thanks a lot doc' but listen I can brush my teeth 
 All on my own so you ain't gon' hustle me. 
 So that takes care of the dental plan, now here's a potential scam, 
 Getting my toes crushed by your rental van. 
 Then if I sue the driver and the rental guys, Enterprise or whatever, 
 I bet they would settle nice. 
 Court adjourned now I just gotta pay for the law forms. 
 "That's easy" 
 Spend two weeks eatin' popcorn, 
 Like students do, 'cept I'm grown and it's not dorms, 
 So it's a bit more pathetic, okay, a lot more. 
 But what y'all gotta mock for? 
 What's wrong with my mach three? 
 Y'all gotta be macho and mock more? 
 Well not me and I do not need to change blades, 
 It's all my own hair I shave, chin back face legs, 
 And the rashes rarely last more than 8 days, 
 Usually, so that's cool with me 
 I can save great. 
 "But hygiene!" 
 Man, that's no reason to buy things 
 Like soap or visines or gettin' clothes dry-cleaned. 
 I don't throw away dough on no facials, 
 Yeah I make rolls of my pennies, 
 I even pay folks in clubs out this case full of pesos I lug, 
 "Bro get 'em exchanged!" 
 Nope I'm waitin' till the rates lower. 
 "Scrub!" 
 Don't hate yo, just cause y'all wasteful, 
 Y'all wanna make your brudd a scapegoat, its bugged. 
 It's all nuance, use your head, 
 Why get a bed and a couch when you can slouch on a futon instead? 
 If you got a little bread, like, croutons, 
 Download them new songs, and spread them coupons. 
 "Shad, what happened?" 
 I, uh, I couldn't afford the whole beat. 
 "Wow." 
 So, uh, I know. 
 "You couldn't afford..." 
 Yeah, no, the guy was just charging so much it was totally not worth it. 
 So I was just like, lets like, um, kinda just vibe with it. 
 "What?" 
 Like I'll just like spit the verse and then you just start clapping the last verse. 
 "Clap my hands?" 
 Yeah, just clap your hands from there, whatever. 
 I'll just, I'll start it, I'll start it, it's like, 
 Yo, if you happy when you save two dollars a week, 
 Steal your neighbors empty bottles and keep all your receipts, 
 And only treat your girl yearly to McDonalds to eat, 
 Don't be ashamed, pop ya colla's man, holla at me! 
 "Holla!" 
 If y'all are this cheap, cause this is for acknowledgin' peeps, 
 Who's gotta track every dime usin' columns and sheets. 
 If you strip search the mall for the bargain to beat, 
 Like every day you just a penny saved from starvin' on the streets, 
 Keep carvin' the niche y'all started on a job for the week. 
 Little Shaddies still to come for their college degree, 
 Yo I figure startin' early on the market is key, 
 'Cause I plan on havin' smart daughters, all Harvard M.D. 
 And regardless we gon' never put a car on the streets, 
 Less them gas prices lower and the parkin' is free, 
 And no parka for me not even gloves scarves or a fleece, 
 I may freeze but I'll keep savin' marvelously, holla! 
 I told you we just have to vibe with it man. Its good. 
 "That sounds awesome." 
 Its dope, yeah, I know it's a good track. 
 Cut it.