I make her call my name x 8 
 She says p reign, p reign, p reign... 
 'Cause she says p reign, p reign, p reign... 
 Hey baby call me reign 
 Matter of fact stretch that call me king 
 Gimme pain 
 Like I'm in class and I put my hands up call my name 
 I'm extra great, you can come over extra late 
 Imma give u a slice of p reign cake 
 And you gon' be begging for an extra plate 
 This cause you really got extra taste 
 I think yougon' ask for an extra date 
 We about to tear the house down, we need an extra place 
 Igot her sweating like she just run an extra race 
 The rose getting lowwe gonna need an extra case 
 I made herbring a friend in that's an extra face 
 I'm about to hit lil mama I'm next to play 
 She gon' undress so quick it was next to ray ?! 
 And yesterday it was the bathtub, the closet, 
 The bathroom, the office, the balcony or the cottage 
 Just call my name and I'm on it 
 I'm the best baby, I'm honest 
 She loves it, she wants it 
 I make her scream till 6 in the morning 
 And leave her tripping like a leaki..?! 
 I make her call my name x 8 
 She says p reign, p reign, p reign... 
 'Cause she says p reign, p reign, p reign... 
 I been pimpin' like Too Short 
 Is she smoking like a newport 
 And I got this, what you thought 
 You can never get it like a cab in New York ah 
 Its gotta be you I dreamed it 
 Great brains, genius 
 You wavy baby, you need this 
 Yeah imma rock your boat till you sea sick 
 I'm off the leash I'm such a dog 
 Can't even lie, I love 'em all 
 She don't even know what I do to draw 
 TLC waterfalls 
 And I take pride in that 
 Soon as I'm done you can have 'em back 
 Yeah they call me young cardiac 
 'Cause I give 'em the feeling of a hearth attack... 
 I make her call my name x 8 
 She says p reign, p reign, p reign... 
 'Cause she says p reign, p reign, p reign... 
 Girl I like the way you break it down 
 And turn around and dance for me 
 Girl I like the way you break it down 
 And scream around and call my name 
 Yeah oh baby ah just wanna make you co-co-comeeee yeah 
 I stop and stare, once its fugged up, its hot in here 
 Only a bra on and underwear 
 I'm really 'bout to see what's under there 
 I mean I'm about to beat what's under there 
 Imma make it sound lot ?!?... 
 I make her call my name x 8 
 She says p reign, p reign, p reign... 
 'Cause she says p reign, p reign, p reign...