Me and my momma ain't close, daddy ghost like most 
 Only for the hood riches when we broke that we all toast 
 Got an awesome gang yesterday, 
 My rhyme is just press and play 
 Born in thiscold world, shit that ain't no special day 
 Just a reminder, you get to thirty you lucky 
 Mother fucker that's the words of T Stuckey 
 Grew up on Put Stones (?) and YBI 
 Mazaradi rig, why would I lie? 
 Good all die 
 Got a question your honour, listen 
 Whatever happened to that shit death before decider? 
 I'm on the tip why your flipping flopper G 
 Don't even know what he charged, when did he cop a plea? 
 Sloppily, shit this game did change 
 N*ggas caught with a little work and they start naming names 
 I'm blaming fame, Benz's, bitches and bling 
 In today's world y'all treat a fuckin' snitch as a king 
 Switches my means of income, win some, go far, in come 
 All the broke n*ggas and didsome (?) 
 Youcan lose one battle but lose the war 
 My shoes is torn 
 From walking these dawgs 
 Damn I'm talking to y'all! 
 While you're not involved, just nodding along 
 I've got to ask the church, shit, is God in the wrong? 
 And to You Mr. Preacher is God in the Wrong? 
 Y'all don't even hear me n*ggas your just nodding along 
 I took this time to gripe 
 Hear this rhyme I write 
 Let me clearly define my life 
 Bubba Fats is the truth, 
 The raps out of Proof 
 It's all steel like the gats that I shoots 
 Backwards I move from 86-88 
 Where there's chambers remain here with heavy weight 
 So much game around me 
 They drown me 
 In this sin city 
 I've been busy 
 Since sucking on my mommas thin titty 
 When is he stopping the world? God don't know 
 It's all a joke to him, watching how hard we grow 
 Death don't kissy you when god say it 
 Sort of like that little whistle in Broadway 
 Our way, Plant workers on lines, beeper stores 
 Healthcare, fuck potholes we got deeper sores 
 Reaped with wars 
 My man young to kill Patrick 
 Dexter is lovely ain't it? I'm still at it 
 I fill my hand with Mr. Man and Tone-Loc 
 When the lights burnt out in them grown folk 
 My bone broke 
 To lift this pen 
 Let me jot this down and get this in 
 When I'm gone I hope y'all respect me then 
 Let me jot this down and get this in 
 When I'm dead and gone I hope y'all respect me then 
 I'm gone