Ey yah, I got a friend by the name of Mu he hangs out with Proof and we all stay crew 
 I gotta group by the name of (??) ain't nuf (??) with saliva Kuniva 
 Ain't I thought that youse on top then fell to nuttin 
 Now let me tell you something you don't know why the hell you frontin 
 But I do, you and your brother had the game on lock 
 When it came the independence had your name on top 
 But then came Suge and Master P then your switched the shit 
 No more acid raps you flippin bricks 
 I witnessed you get chased by (??) 
 An now you want me to (??) to push your weight now 
 (??) I was out, (??) filled with (??) 
 No matter how much your front you gotta deal with war 
 End of the d we all see you ain't no (??) 
 Locally its rock (??) tell the boys I'm (??) so 
 Do you muhfuck and I'll be me 
 I can't believe the devil signed (??) when I see peace 
 If, that's your move I respect it ain't no frontin just know that nothing from nothing leaves nothing muhfucker 
 X2 
 I stand where I stand and I am what I am 
 And I'll be damned if I let a nigga go and get in my clan 
 (SO!) 
 Ill do me fool you do you 
 And all the loud mouth talkin' just WHOOPTIE WHOO! 
 First off the real first name is Cleveland (??) 
 I stab your tongue with a knife still its bleedin words 
 I'm a wanksta muhfucker bitch ill (??) remember never say I'm a gangsta 
 (Now that's gangsta!) 
 Don't be mad that you got smacked punched and slammed 
 This is all day I ain't even gotta touch you man 
 What the plan this Proof will build your name 
 You ain't Pac or Big but get killed the same 
 Along with Ja Rule (??) with any other people for that matter spread venom Proof will come and see you 
 I stand where I stand I am what I am 
 Ain't playin' with a (??) I'm a dangerous man 
 Don't care about nothing you say, nuttin you do, we coming for you, get your guns and your crew 
 Got a plan in my mind, a clan on the rise, I tell you like this I'm (??) for die, goodbye 
 Tell you like this, this is it 
 I'm do this (??) Eshasm quite dissin me man, you know what I'm sayin' I ain't wastin any more time 
 Do it like this acronym for ya name E.S.H.A.M. every sucka has a moment 
 When you and your brother was on, I was on top then it's over with give it up nigga no one more acid rap 
 No one wanna hear that bullshit you talkin' aight 
 Nigga first born it ain't my fault there's another first born, on top of that he older than you so he gotta be first born before you where first born 
 Do the math on that shit and grow up nigga, you know what I'm sayin' 
 Anybody else gone diss me, guess what? I ain't even gonna respond 'cause y'all gone think it's a lil thing I say (??) 
 Wait bring that chorus 
 X2 
 I stand where I stand and I am what I am 
 And I'll be damned if I let a nigga go and get in my clan 
 (SO!) 
 Ill do me fool you do you 
 And all the loud mouth talkin' just WHOOPTIE WHOO!