Its murdaaa... hahaha... its murda... 
 We back up in this motherfucker! 
 Its murda... y'all know who we be (ayo don't let me catch you!) 
 R.U.L.E... my nigga Fatal on my 1s, 2s, holla back you bitch ass niggaz! 
 Yo, yo, motherfuckin cocksucker 
 If y'all havnt heard yet that nigga loose change is loose 
 And I got proof, get it, I got proof... 
 WOOF! 
 You know my name, it's like this... PROOF! 
 D12 shitnotes! 
 Its war now! Lets man up! (WOOF) 
 No prisoners! No casualties! All my riders lets ride then! CMON! 
 (WOOF) 
 Word on the street is that I murda this Inc 
 Get whacked with the hands not deservin the heatin 
 There's nerves in this beef 
 To Irv and his peeps: I ain't rappin' no mo' 
 I speak through the curves in the streets 
 Ya hit's, man, is weak 
 Ya did a poor job, that midget Cookie Monster be hangin' from a door knob 
 Ya lucky I don't like touchin women 
 And don't like no peace, talk somethin' with Russel Simons, (WOOF) 
 Got the right connections 
 My perception, ya know, would be beefin, ya life is definitely gone 
 The ?? singin' at least the Woof of rap 
 You'll need more than a Bush attack, don't push me back! (WOOF) 
 You think it's just 50 and Sha, listen up Ja, no kids in the lobby in 
 Detroit city wishin you DIE! 
 I know you just wanna rap and be Pac, but before its said and done 
 You gon' see PAC! (WOOF) 
 Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk 
 In the dark my dogs all bark like WOOF! 
 PROOF, nigga, I'ma WOOF 
 Now you all SHOOK 
 I'ma about to getcha brain pushed BACK! 
 Chris gotti! 
 This nigga had the nerve to have ten niggaz sneak me just to get wit me 
 I'm only 160 and the fact is 
 I murder niggaz, DJs, and kittens 
 I only walk out with scratches, wearin a Rolex shirt 
 So if that's the streets, speakin' ya dress don't hurt 
 You cowards do something before we do ours 
 I could write a Ja Rule album in two hours 
 Bleedin dead on ya back, have ya pockets flat like Federal Tax and 
 Put ya head on the rack 
 I'm so bad, the only thing good is death 
 And L.A. G Unit posted and shook left, (ha, bitch!) 
 I'm from Detroit with the hottest and hollas 
 Niggaz like y'all garbage, don't even bother', (haha) 
 Plus ya overweight and gangstas is maddening 
 50 made Wanksta and the definition of wanksta is AINT TOUGH 
 With pictures of Ja in a bra with a paint brush, paintin his war marks 
 I'm losin my patience 
 It ain't just D12 and Obie, homey, cancel ya shows and show respect 
 Like ya know me, (hehe) 
 Say Halie's name again, I'm takin' a jet 
 911 style: to ya face to ya chest 
 911 style: to ya face to ya chest 
 It's over, nigga, gettin' wet on the set, BLAU! 
 (x2) 
 Y'all don't want war, y'all want talk 
 In the dark my dogs all bark like WOOF! 
 PROOF, nigga, I'ma WOOF 
 Now you all SHOOK 
 I'ma about to getcha brain pushed BACK! 
 Haha! 
 I ain't even talkin' no more! 
 I can't believe my nig can write yo whole ass out, nigga! 
 Whatcha talkin' about 'that we gave ya the proof!' 
 You scared to come in that club, nigga! 
 You ain't got shit! 
 I'ma tell you like this: Black Child, Chris Gotti, I'm on that ass! 
 C'mon! See! You niggaz wanna be street niggaz! 
 Who would you wanna recruit? 
 'Cause I'ma murd' all you soldiers and recruit ya bosses when this over! 
 Big Proof! D12! Only a one sixty-three! 
 I left out with scratches, nigga! 
 Wait till y'all niggaz come to the D! 
 Yeah, I'm goin' to New York! I just love Summer Jams! 
 I'll be back fuckin' with ya bitch! 
 A'yo, Cookie Monster: come get me, nigga! 
 Old ass nigga! [laughs] 
 Now don't make me write some real shit, nigga!