Eminem 
 Are we supposed to shut up or talk... I'll cut your butt up and walk... 
 Around with my ass showing all over the fuckin' town 
 Proof 
 Eminem ft. Proof 
 ...Then You get done up in chalk 
 Yo... 
 Eminem 
 We ready... we ready ... we ready... we ready? 
 Ready to hold it steady... Speakin' of hold it steady... 
 You can hold my nuts steady and then... 
 I can stick my dick in you like a machette... If you're a girl... 
 If you're a girl then you're my world... And I will kill anybody... 
 That means... you, her or him 
 It doesn't matter 'cause I'm Eminem 
 And I'm Slim... I'm also slim and your future's Whim 
 Proof 
 Ha ha... don't stop 
 D-12 y'all... yeah we bust it off the top 
 We get in that ass Preparation-H style 
 Knock more boots than that group H-Town (Booo!) 
 Everybody tryina tell us to wait now 
 You look dumb as fuck... Like Puffy in his video on that breakdown (hahaha) 
 Tryin' to dance around 
 How the fuck it feel lock in hand set now 
 Sever your style ... Divide and Parish 
 Part ish... when my cart is bustin' through this... 
 Wassup to Bizarre Kid 
 Targets get hit and liftoff 
 Here it is we bout to rip off 
 Lick shots... no time... we gettin' dick snot 
 Emzy... 
 Eminem 
 Speakin' of lift off... 
 I'm blastin off... your ass is soft... so I'm startin to jack off 
 'Cause I'm so horny... and your lyrics are so corny 
 That they bore me and I woke up too late this morning 
 Or too early... wait a minute there goes Shirley... 
 The girly I fucked last year when her hair was curly 
 Couldn't remember it 'cause I was Infinite 
 And I met ken Kaniff in Connecticut 
 He said his predicits and pronouns and wanted to throw down 
 And he said I like you... and then he walked up and said let me snake bite 
 You 
 And I said hell no... kicked him with my shell toe... 
 Gave him a elbow... Ayo Proof ...go... 
 Proof 
 Yo it's the D to the 1 - 2 
 What you wanna get done to... 
 Your chest plate... eradicate 
 Get your flesh ate... easily done... Here it is... 
 Freestyle... no need to write shit... 'cause when we write shit 
 Y'all like to bite shit... that why street light up when we write stuff 
 It's time to be the champions at this... it's D-12 
 1-2 True crew... Slim Shady and Big proof 
 Knockin' over Igloos in Alaska when we blast ya 
 A massacre creator, one time for data 
 Darker than Vader... go anybody hot as the equator 
 It's time to get down one time for those that don't know us 
 Girls wanna blow us like Monica... Lewinsky 
 Come against me... 
 Eminem 
 Go and see I'm an invincible MC 
 If you don't believe it then you wanna try to convince me 
 That you're doper than me... which we'll hope 
 You would hope to be... but hopefully I will rock globaly 
 And nationwide... that's why my ass is wide (wide, wide) 
 That's why your ass just died on the passanger side... 
 Like a fuckin' ride... when it got shot up by a drive by 
 When I drove by 5 times and gave it five tries 
 And still missed it 
 I got a fuckin' mental illness a gentle stillness... 
 Violence... complete silence is what I need in the room while I freestyle 
 What I need is to do... what is need is smoke weed and brew 
 And... smoke brew ? You don't smoke brew... 
 If you do I'll choke you and then I garauntee I'll out smoke you 
 You're crew's a joke too and I can stick my dick in a bitch and poke you... 
 Proof 
 Stick it in there... rock with my cock on sky rock 
 Knock ya eye out the sock...(sock) 
 Get..(get) yeah we come to rock...(it) 
 So don't get in the way 'cause we gon drop...(shit) 
 Now how you feel right now we bust yo... op...(tic)...(tock) 
 We lunatics with mics and we don't stop we come to rock 
 The dirty dozen is non-stop... 
 To the top from tree tops to ewoks that pop Reeboks 
 And men with pre-ops 
 Yo now there is 3-Pac's 
 Master P... Thug Life and now it'