(Proof Talking) 
 This my last letter right here 
 Fuck this world, let's get the fuck outta here 
 (Proof) 
 I put my soul through the ink 
 Bless a path with thoughts at my thoughts 
 Before I grow extinct 
 My back-bone disowned by zone 
 Why roam? called home 
 But now on I'm all alone 
 Just Proof, no shine, no friends, just fans 
 No wonder my hands, tight where the Internet ends 
 I take back most of the flack 
 The stress smokes, press me close to the crack 
 Like my pops, the ghost of my past 
 Dime and mud, JD and stucky 
 Lately I'm lucky, I don't hate me to touch me 
 Maybe I'm ugly inside, but smiling to make it 
 I love you dawg, and that's how ever you take it 
 The fame is a illusion, I'm still losing 
 In this game, with the rules and... 
 I feel clueless, the streets with the hills blue less 
 Cops knocking at the door, got me looking real foolish 
 But I still do this, like I love it, even though I thug it 
 Keep flossing lights in public, the subject y'all don't know 
 Stars won't grow, who would dream that scars would show? 
 Minus the MTV videos with slim 
 "Up In Smoke" D-12, and many shows with Em 
 It's still me dawg, no change for change 
 It's strange, when it pours it rains 
 I take it back... 
 I wish I could take it back, I wish I could take it back 
 But it's too late 
 I wish I could take it back, I wish I could take it back 
 But it's too late 
 (Proof) 
 Always talking to snuk coke and he speak back 
 Wish my first son was here to reach at 
 Feeling detached 
 My brother Earl, and Wayne, that bail money for jail, y'all can keep that 
 I've been in deep before, ask (stalemen?) 
 My hearts melting, tell the truth, I need help man 
 I hearts big but by sins bigger 
 Fuck the world, I don't feel like I can win niggaz 
 It's like I'm lost and I find only demons 
 I wanna quit, it's like I'm tired of breathing 
 So my stress confess to a famous song 
 Em I love you, don't let this money change us dawg 
 1st born, when I'm gone, grab the sign 
 (Leave nothing?) with his cream and his mom 
 And dear mamma, I use to hate you 
 Now I relate to, everything you did to make proof 
 I love you... 
 Take it back 
 (Proof) 
 All y'all see is Free from 106 and park 
 Y'all don't know I risk my heart with this apart 
 From the streets, the groups, the friends, the foes 
 The jewels, the dick lickers and the hoes 
 What about me? 
 Sheltered with no guidance 
 Look at the finest, royal highness on some hot shit 
 Still living with the liquor and bud 
 Sometimes I wish for my demise, so I can kick it with Bugz 
 I wish it was real between us all 
 In the past, you should have seen us dawg 
 I die for Em and save Haley, brave maybe 
 But just let them tears remove my grave Shady 
 Kunive and Swift, how live is it get? 
 I meant to teach y'all niggaz to survive in this bitch 
 If we die to be rich, that makes me happy 
 And on another note, shit, don't hate me pappy 
 It's just that we look the same, you let the game take you 
 Your son came along and took the game 
 Since I took my own life, y'all feel a killa fo' sho' 
 Bizarre on the real, you're the realest nigga I know 
 Strapping and busting ain't real, just tell your man's the truth 
 And that's why you've always been friends with Proof 
 Answer to all, I've always lied with truth 
 And before I pull the trigger tonight, I'm proud of you...