It's Proof man. (Eh yo) I did write this on paper I'd like to send to y'all, but I said fuck it I might as well capture it right? 
 (Hip hop, hip hop...) 
 I don't really express my love for homies that much so... when I feel the need to I do, you know how it is! 
 Dear Paul even though you may think small of love songs 
 This is my apology for everything I done wrong 
 In the past my ego was huge, you dealt with it 
 For that I send you long life and health with it 
 You was my attorney to be, manager, and friend 
 Seen a star in me before the camera run lens 
 To think back and see that you were my approve through the struggle with Mark Hicks and damn I fired you? (What?) 
 From now to then I see where all my troubles been 
 But I'm living out my dream thanks to you and Double M 
 I love him like you from Kim to daughter a party sure it goes down, we're poor (In the water!) 
 Your test number was 313 look where it led to 
 I see it in your face yeah I miss Ed too 
 We a family to stay together 
 Yeah we don't pray together but this how its gone be everyday forever 
 (I love you) 
 This my love letters, to all my people before cheddar, no vendettas right now lets settle 
 This my love letters 
 To poor Rosenberg 
 This my love letters, to all my people before cheddar, no vendettas right now lets settle we out to get em 
 This my love letters 
 To D12 
 To my love letters, (to) I love y'all (from the heart come on) 
 Dear Nani it seems lately you seem shaky, you need to slow down, remember HP? 
 When we was broke with no vision, now you got a little money and try to make everybody's decisions 
 Listen if it ain't for the team nigga I ain't with it 
 Ain't no money out here solo and Proof can't get it 
 But I think of Vocaz, Swifty and Vizzi and how as a unit our pockets been empty 
 And put simply, sometimes you need a hug dude 
 Look what you doing that nigga Von shit he love you! 
 From the struggle to success I love you to death. Out the crew me who rumble out of stress 
 Nah, think about that that's something to grow to 
 Trials in life is something we all must go through 
 We all got your back with our rapping so true 
 But, without D12 my nigga its no use 
 This my love letters, to all my people before cheddar, no vendettas right now lets settle 
 This my love letters 
 To Denaun Porter 
 This is my love letters, I love y'all 
 My love letters (haha) 
 This is my love letters, to all my people before cheddar, no vendettas lets settle 
 We out to get em 
 This my love letters 
 To D12 my nigga 
 This my love letters, I love y'all (come on) 
 Yeah, just to let y'all know you know what I'm saying 
 Sometimes I don't stress it vocally, so y'all can see it and hopefully, we can get along socially you know what I'm saying 
 Locally to globally (ha) [?] overseas 
 Just want y'all to know, man to man, I love y'all and thanks for everything y'all done I'm proud of y'all you hear me 
 This my love letters, to all my people before cheddar, no vendettas right now lets settle 
 This my love letters 
 This all my love letters I love y'all, my love letters (haha) 
 This my love letters, to all my people before cheddar, no vendettas lets settle 
 We out to get em 
 This my love letters (ha) 
 This my love letters, I love y'all