Homie, don't bother this fatherless child 
 Niggaz wit problems get shot in the eusophagus, set off the apocolypse now 
 The projectiles choppin' you down 
 Cock it and blaaw 
 Robbin' you for every profit in ya pocket and smile 
 My cannon dismantle you, let it off like roman candles 
 Point two nines at you with bandana's on the handles 
 Blast through ya flannels 
 We just Sopranos smashin' in astro vans with ammo stashed in the panels 
 We animals when it's drama 
 Move like mechanical anaconda's, we hannibals, cannibals, and piranha's 
 The last nigga with info that hand over the fed's 
 The homie's jumped in the hummer, ran over his head 
 Hand over your bread 
 We snatch you out your land rover, choke ya 
 Smoke ya while we stand over your bed 
 Just to let ya know, this is westcoasonostra 
 Ever since Pac passed you thought the westcoast was over 
 But look closer and you're liable to find 
 My homicidal recitals' the kind that inspires a guy to rewind 
 King of survival, the title is mine 
 I write for ya spine and stifle ya mind with a cycle of triflin' rhymes 
 It ain't a gangsta that us hustlaz won't reach 
 We bust just to touch the cold streets 
 You bustas won't cease 
 And that's why my next tattoo will say "no justice, no peace..." 
 Plus "fuck the police" 
 (Yeah... that's how we do this shit... Rap 101) 
 (Yeah, get your bars up) 
 (Your metaphors and similies ain't right) 
 (Ya know what I'm talkin' about?) 
 (You old niggaz, just keep a fresh swagger) 
 (You new niggaz, learn your history in this hip-hop culture and you'll be 
 All right) 
 (This is the art of MC'ing... this is Rap 101) 
 (Listen and learn..) 
 Nigga, I wish you would speak on my label 
 I'll walk in your house, put my feet on your table, see what's on cable 
 Soon as you speak, shots leave you leakin' from navel 
 Rock you to sleep in a cradle, you geeks weak and unable 
 We can disable haters from Tennessee to Diego 
 Long Beach to Vallejo 
 Law low, a yo, we givin' niggaz wings and a halo 
 Squeezin' them thangs so easily without seein' a reason to say no 
 They ask, "why ya by yourself?" 
 'Cause I walked into the firearm store, tried to buy the entire shelf 
 To jackers out to acquire wealth 
 I fire shells, while ya yell, I serve ya like the hired help 
 My science are sins, my mind tire within 
 The bad guy wins like the giant got goliath's revenge 
 Puttin' 5 in ya benz, tie up ya wife in it then 
 Quiet your friends with gunfire as maniacal rhyme sire begins to strike like 
 A viper and snipe ya again 
 You can recite what'cha like but ya fight for ya life 'cause the "I" can ignite 
 The mic and he's slightly tighter than you when he write with the pen 
 Who's rivalin' him? 
 (It's Rap 101) 
 (Teachin' you the art of MC'ing) 
 (I hope you all takin' notes out there, ya know) 
 (Or I'm a flunk you dumb asses) 
 (Yeah, get them metaphors up) 
 (Get your patterns and rhyme schemes together) 
 (How you gonna let my timin' be better than your rhymin'?) 
 (It's Rap 101) 
 (To all you A&R's out there...) 
 (If it don't sound like this, it don't like shit...) 
 (Yeah, it's Rap 101...)