Yo yeah. 
 Haha COB 
 So funny to me... hold on 
 Slaughterhouse! 
 I'm the goat-cease 
 Pour out a lil liquor 4 the ones done before me and when a nigga die how long will you morn me 
 Baby imma die with a gun in my hand maybe the cancer that ran in my fam 
 Myb imma be an old man with the salt 'n' pepper conrnows 
 Stunnin in a lambo bumpin my jamz 
 Man I grew up in the hood 
 Hand me down pants 
 Virstart SHIRT hand me down vans 
 This is before rap had me out in France 
 This is a hungry kid family out of stamps 
 Used to live kicks till they ran med out of champs used to snatch purses from those happy our tramps 
 Imma writer and fightr like paqciuo and lance armstrong arms ?? without a chance 
 Let this mofucka breathe 
 COB! 
 I got the chronic in my hand pistol in my sweatpants 
 Gangbangers lookin' at me funny nigga lets dance 
 Let me show you what I'm made of 
 I grew up so fucked up I used to hate love 
 Tray 57" make you take 8 slugs?? 
 How you feelin' wat happen? 
 Kanye shrunks 
 Naw I don't give a fuck I was raised on that makavelli "hit 'em up" 
 Now that's a monster created by society history lied to me 
 History don't applied to me 
 So the hatred is inside of me 
 Try to be normal, normal ain't fly to me 
 So me and my homie are in the drug game till he got killed from a deal gon back 
 They put his body in a trunk of a mustang 
 Shit is so real that I felt all mad [?] cukuu! 
 Before his mind told his eyes look pow! 
 Blindside death 
 Hit 'em with a right hook 
 Pow pow! 
 Now his life took 
 Imagine laying on yo back 
 With a baggage claim kickit on your right foot 
 Now I gotta tell his moms what I feel for 
 I'm outta door like your boys and its still dro[??] 
 And the [?] and the streets 
 It's a real war 
 God? wil resign {??} I ain't talkin' 'bout a billboard 
 Them bitch niggas want beef? [idk] they Hollywood or they street? [idk] they know you from long beach? [idk] if they make a move you gon' reach? [simon] 
 1 o clok we in da club get the countdown 
 2 o clok hoes givin' love get the countdown 
 3 o clok bitches wanna fuck get the countwon 
 4 o clok I'm poppin' my trunk 
 I'm out now...