Are you waiting? 
 Waiting for something that's wrong (ooh) 
 Are you waiting? 
 (Waiting) you know sometimes a girl must move alongggg. 
 (Yeah) 
 Are you waiting? 
 (Waiting) 
 Waiting for something that's wrong (hey). 
 (Verse #1 - Trina) 
 Uh- as I vibe with the music I just think 'bout the times. 
 I came in after a date and at times, 
 Climbed in the same bed which my man was lying. 
 He questioned me am I defying? I was lying. 
 He was a real good man he worked and all. 
 I wanted a hustler so I could hurt the mall. 
 I could've made love but I wanted to be fucked, he had alot to offer it just wasn't enough. 
 I like the candy coded Lax, the niggas smoking sacks, 
 The football games fortune and fame, and more 
 Importantly I wanted me a name. 
 The jewels the crusiers too sell. 
 No more projects the foolish can dwell, the offiest weed 
 From pre-me's on pork and beans and weenie, I'm still ghetto, a porche 
 A gleam when you see me, on TV but I'm all woman (uh) (ooh). 
 Are you waiting? (waiting) waiting for something that's wrong. 
 It's wrong, it's wrong (yeah). 
 Are you waiting (waiting) you know sometimes a girl must move alongggg (ooh). 
 (Verse # 2 - Trina) 
 Uh- y'all know I'm from miami right? 
 But do y'all really know what miami like? 
 Miami life the fast pace, the consant cash chase, the clothes, cars Ooh GOD! 
 Niggas sell coke to get rich, 
 Bitches sell pussy to get rich. 
 Get down or don't get shit. 
 No options, no college, no loans no cash no knowledge. 
 I'm sexxy ass hell you know I'm gon' profit. 
 And trust me! my skills are well polished, I chat niggas down, 
 Pat niggas down, and set 'em up right if he that big of a clown. 
 I had to, well I didn't have too, but what about me? 
 Shidd I had to have too. 
 I wanted a rolley a millionaire to hold me, locker access for 
 Kobe you know me! (ooh) 
 Are you waiting? (waiting) waiting for something that's wrong. 
 It's wrong, it's wrong (yeah). 
 Are you waiting (waiting) you know sometimes a girl must move alongggg. 
 (Hey) 
 (Verse # 3 - Trina) 
 Uh- I'm the same woman mercedes or the civic. 
 Fuck the credits I just give it how I get. 
 I'm the spokesperson, for every sister who soul seacrhing, 
 Still scrolling these clubs with no purpose. 
 Stay in the malls and want purchase. 
 Straight boosting, bad checks or they lease in 
 They mouth, robbers put a piece in there mouth. 
 For what yo man keep in there house, they pull 
 Gats for stacks as tall as shaq', you chickens don't know me well. 
 I'm not I'mpressed with yo finddie purses and pony tails. 
 Always surfaced with yo phony tails. 
 When you need to be in school all day on a chase. 
 Or going to work supporting you and yo place. 
 Or with an athelete with a cool one in the safe. 
 Why suck dick to keep food on a plate? 
 I steak and bake potatoes, take the pay lo's. 
 (Ooh) uh-uh 
 Are you waiting? (waiting) waiting for something that's wrong, 
 It's wrong, it's wrong (yeah) 
 Are you waiting (waiting) you know sometimes a girl must move alonggg 
 (Heya-heya-heyaaa) 
 Are you waiting? (waiting) waiting for sometthing that's wrong. 
 It's wrong, it's wrong 
 (Yeah). 
 Are you waiting (waiting) waiting for something that's wrong. 
 Ooh it's wrong, it's 
 (Echoing-wrong)