I wanna take this time out from rapping right now 
 It's just something really personal to the world 
 I wanna dedicate this to my baby 
 Since I know that he listening... I'ma always be your girl 
 See Maybe y'all haven't been in love like I've been in love 
 And maybe you've never felt the things that I've felt 
 See I've never had this tingle inside from a man 
 It feels like... he makes my heart melt 
 I mean the way that he looks at me... 
 It's a look I've never got from another brotha 
 He's smooth, got swag, calm, collected 
 And you know what else... 
 He's a damn good lover! 
 See he knows what it takes to keep a smile up on my face 
 And he knows when I'm feeling uncomfortable and our relationship is outta place 
 The taste of his lips 
 The swag in his walk 
 How he so disciplined, ambitious and the way that he talks 
 Ah capricorn! 
 Um um um! 
 Stole my heart and I don't even want it back 
 He can have it... he can have it... he can have it... he can have it 
 'Cause he got it like that 
 So independent, focused, and he knows how ta love 
 Who would have dreamed in a million years it would be you 
 He's the tenth sign of the zodiac 
 One of the most serious and stable 
 Reliable, responsible, and the characteristic that I like most is 
 Ladies, he's always ready... willing and able 
 Now when God created him... I know He had to be in a good mood 
 'Cause my man gives me the utmost respect 
 And ladies he's never disrespectful 
 And he's never rude 
 Loving, caring, and giving 
 He's all of the above 
 I just wanna say THANK YOU GOD! 
 For giving me all I've been dreaming of 
 I feel like Cinderella when she found her prince 
 I can remember I was looking for love but I ain't been looking since 
 My Capricorn... My Capricorn 
 His charm, his motivation, his patience 
 All combined together in one man... my man 
 Strong... but careful 
 Of every move that he makes... all of the stuff that he takes 
 Real... not Fake! 
 A Capricorn! The Capricorn! 
 That's all I ever needed... all I ever wanted 
 So I took this time outta my life... to let you know how I was feeling 
 About my Capricorn 
 Baby I love you... your love is here for me 
 So wherever you are... whatever station that you're listening to right now 
 I'm here 
 Somebody call my Capricorn home for me 
 Or better yet, I'll do it myself