Eh yo drew, turn my mic up 
 'Cause I want these motha fucka's to hear me 
 I see you rap bitches talkin' real slick in the magazines. 
 I'm the same bitch your man want and your best friend's a trina fan. 
 (Hahahaha) Y'all bitches funny to me. (ha) 
 You know what, I feel like playin' 
 I'm in the air, I don't hear bitches' corny raps 
 The badest bitch is back. The badest bitch is back. 
 What's Beef? Beef is when the bitch titties looking like they sleep. 
 Beef is when the clothes lookin' like dirty sheets 
 Beef is when I help you sell records just like I do. Now that's beef. 
 What's Beef? Beef is when these hoes say my name in the streets. 
 Beef is when they fame only last a few weeks. 
 Beef is when I help you sellin' records just like I do. Now that's beef. 
 My blades been sharp, My spades been played with. 
 This one, But nu uh this ain't a game with this. 
 And ima put some hoes to shame so listen. 
 I dun seen alotta lame, but it's a shame that this (uh) 
 You see the problem is I used to like you, till you start jumpin' on the dick wit trick. 
 And doing all of my leftover shit. Now you's a scam. (was up) you get the left over hits. 
 So bitch get on the band wagon or get leftover bitch. 
 I can't believe the baddest beefin wit this drunk ass bitch 
 A slang titty havin' fake lauren hill ass bitch. 
 You moved to Georgia cause you thought you ain't hit no shit. 
 Now you's mess hoe that's why they cut you outta your own video. 
 You dissin' for promo and dissin' me is a no no 
 I'm the queen of breeze bitches a dough hoe 
 But back to the promo (yo) Ima still try to help you out 
 And yah I'm talkin' bout Khia, dirty miss of the south. 
 Now what's beef? Beef is when the bitch titties looking like they sleep. 
 Beef is when the clothes lookin' like dirty sheeps (bah) 
 Beef is when I help you sellin' records just like I do. Now that's beef. 
 What's Beef? Beef is when these hoes say my name in the streets. 
 Beef is when they fame only last a few weeks. 
 Beef is when I help you sellin' records just like I do. Now that's beef. 
 Yo neck and yo back. Bitch you know you was wrong, 
 'And Kang Wang' hoe, I ain't even like that song 
 Oh was all of this just ova some dick? 
 I todl you when my debut, best friends, I do 5 or 6. 
 Enough of that, bitch I got some other shit to address 
 About some pussy ass niggas with ma name in they chest 
 Sayin: 'Trina fucked Biggie now she fuckin' Lil' Wayne' 
 You niggas snitchin' on your records fuckin' up a bitch name. 
 You wouldn't do that to a nigga, so why you do it me? 
 You soundin' like a hoe nigga, why you slanderin' T? 
 'Cause you's a cash money reject, a night work soldier 
 He fuckin' with that boy and you gon end up in a coma. 
 And what about the waterboy he's a silly. 
 Last I heard you ain't even from Philly. 
 So nigga keep the bench warm and keep the playas handle the shit 
 Cause you just dissin' for a deal but I'm just dissin' with the real. 
 What's Beef? Beef is when the dope make a nigga fall asleep 
 Beef is when you sound like a motha fuckin' sheep 
 Beef is when I help you sell records just like I do. Now that's beef. 
 What's beef? Beef is in the street nigga beefin' wit a chick. 
 Beef is when you brag on anotha nigga's dick. 
 Beef is when I help you sell records just like I do. Now that's beef nigga. 
 Fuck niggas. Y'all niggas can't be serious. Y'all niggas is real fuckin' funny to me. Get the fuck outta here.