Damn, feel like I done got sick 
 Yeah, it's da baddest bitch, I'm in da booth 
 (Coughs coughs) 
 Uh, nothin'... nothin'... nothin' 
 (Coughs coughs) 
 Damn I think I got the bird flu, 
 I'm bout to shit on bitches. 
 Miss trina diamond motherfuckin don diva 
 I still don't know nann hoe who can see the diva 
 If she say she can tell the bitch I wanna see her 
 7:30 at the spot tell da bitch I wanna meet her 
 'Cause I know dis ass fake and these tities sit right 
 Keep my pussy in channel he wanna fuck me all night 
 Talk about me to his friends and how I throat da dick right 
 How he hit it from the back and how this pussy stay tight. 
 Gimme the keys to tha bentley that's right. 
 Hope you ain't forget I'm still da baddest 
 Y'all hoes knew what I had before I had this 
 "Here we go" dough I was a savage 
 Fendi horse and carriage my baggage 
 Louis vutton at the school house prom 
 Everybody knew trina, I had it goin' on 
 And still goin' on so bitches get gone before 
 I ring the alarm and put a match to tha song. 
 Cause you ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 Niggas ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 These bitches ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 Y'all need to alk about somethin' cause you ain't talkin' bout nothin'. 
 Nothin' nothin'. 
 Niggas ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 These bitches ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 Y'all need to alk about somethin' cause you ain't talkin' 
 I don't hear ya yappin cause you ain't talkin' bout nothin' 
 A video with "j", bitch you ain't said nothin'. 
 Ol' nappy rooted mut. actin' like she doin' somethin' 
 When I catch you straight fade no police fuck fussin! 
 "Who da fuck am I? " 
 Call me "miss billion dolla ass" 
 Which has been on covers of some billion dolla ads 
 Let alone, don't forget this trillion dolla face 
 Only covers you been on was your mugshot rate. 
 Bitch, u still gettin' beat by that nigga who don't want ya 
 With 'em five kids you ain't know they daddy don't ya? 
 You don't want it sweety got your path mapped out 
 Think you back up in da game? I had you pushed back out 
 With yo back out sellin pussy in da "a" 
 But we know that won't sell but for effort earn an "a" 
 And get them teeth fixed, spray some sheen on 'em dreads 
 Get them bags out ya eyes, get some rest and go to bed. 
 Cause you ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 Niggas ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 These bitches ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 Y'all need to alk about somethin' cause you ain't talkin' bout nothin'. 
 Nothin' nothin'. 
 Niggas ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 These bitches ain't talkin' about nothin'... nothin' 
 Y'all need to alk about somethin' cause you ain't talkin'