(Hook - Trip Lee) 
 Look, all I need is one sixteen 
 To brag on my king, Romans 1:16 
 We brag about him daily 'cause he runs this thing 
 Can I do it? (Yes, sir) 
 Can I do it? (Yes, sir) 
 (Verse 1 - Trip Lee) 
 We rep the Lord truly, we heading straight ahead 
 And we ain't tryin' to hit no U-y, man they can't do nothing to me 
 We don't look like some other dudes do it 
 We young boys, but we sound mature, call me Stewie 
 But this ain't no baby talk, say we make them looney tunes 
 Since they call this crazy talk, makes them say they may be off 
 We was blind, now we get to see, it's that Navy talk 
 My goal is to rest in him, but this ain't no lazy walk 
 My daddy ain't make me soft, but he gave me peace though 
 Threw my chains up off of me, I call that my free throw 
 'Crae 
 told me to go in, they got your boy on beast mode 
 I ain't got no white collar, he made me a priest though 
 Pray I never fall away chasing after pocket change 
 Used to put my stock in riches, I had a stock exchange 
 I was just a robot 
 , but now I do not walk the same 
 Prob'ly 'cause he put me on blast like a rocket, man 
 (Hook - KB) 
 Uh, all I need is one sixteen 
 To brag on my King, Romans 1:16 
 We brag about him daily 'cause he run this thing 
 Can I do it? (Do it!) 
 Do it! (Do it!) 
 Do it! (Do it!) 
 Do it! (Do it!) 
 (Verse 2 - KB) 
 (Let's go! Here we go again) One to the one six, going in 
 Spit one for the one sent, only him, and one taking one glimpse notice him 
 (Let's go! Here we go again) For this process in front of me 
 Got my two eyes after that W like Nintendo Wii 
 My penalty, Jesus, my remedy 
 Relentlessly shepherding lost sheep, call him Bo Peep 
 Gimme the mic, better believe I'ma go hard, scaring I think everybody with that lyrical miracle 
 Biblical theology without an apology, whenever I get upon that microphone I gotta represent 
 We ain't scared of ya! What they gon' do? What, murder us? 
 What murder does is send a surge of us to go put churches up 
 Ain't no hurtin' us, I'm on that Justin Martyr 
 When the church go in, LA couldn't dodge 'em 
 Satan try to charge 'em, media try to bomb 'em 
 Under attack, but we got value pearls couldn't harbor 
 Give me the mic, bro, I'm glad to record the immaculate sort than a man couldn't thwart 
 Elevating the father with a passionate voice, give me a sixteen I'ma brag on my Lord 
 (Hook - Andy Mineo) 
 All I need is one sixteen 
 To brag on my Lord, Romans 1:16 
 We talk about him daily 'cause he run this thing 
 Can I do it? Yeah ... 
 (Verse 3 - Andy Mineo) 
 All I need is one sixteen to brag on my Lord, brag on my King 
 Matter of fact, give me a couple of more and I'll do the same thing, do the same thing, do the same thing 
 Even on my best day, I couldn't go buy grace of the Lord that was gave for I 
 For the sin that I committed should have paid that price, but I didn't 'cause the father went and gave the Christ 
 What love is this to send his own? 
 To die for sin and take us home? 
 Got me feeling good, forget my feelings 
 When you heard a story 'bout the hero dying for the villain? 
 Kill 'em with the fast flow, then I go slow, this one here is urgent 
 When it comes to God, everybody's got a version 
 Some are wearing turbans, others getting virgins 
 With all of these options, we know he's for certain 
 'Cause ain't no other God like mine, you gots to admit it 
 Yeah, I'm falling 'cause of sin and yet his grace is sufficient 
 Beat the grave, said "it's finished," got them unsearchable riches 
 And they deep, that's why I'm like CAN YOU DIG IT!?? 
 Let's go ... 
 I'm unashamed ... 
 I'm unashamed ... 
 I'm unashamed ... 
 Wooooh ooh 
 All I need is one sixteen to brag on my king 
 All I need is one sixteen, Romans 1:16 
 We talk about him daily 'cause he run this thing 
 Can I do it? Can I do it? Yeah ...