(Apathy) 
 Better get the best shit you wrote that makes them go wild 
 Shit a bitch'll put up in an AOL Profile 
 Download it, burn it, and ship it to Kansas 
 To a cousin that will pump it on a college campus 
 Play it at dances and translate it to Spanish 
 So foreign exchange motherfuckers'll understand this 
 Shit that'll make a chick send you her panties 
 And fight with her family like "You don't understand me!" 
 Raps that'll change the existence of earth 
 From infants at birth if mum heard the verse 
 Like "What!?" Didn't understand it at first 
 So she reversed and played it until it made her brain burst 
 That's how it works 
 Gotta love it till it hurts 
 Love it till I easily ease off skirts 
 Ease on your knees and I skeet on your shirt 
 Freeze on the Floor now back to work 
 Go ("Back and forth") 
 From here to the floor 
 Till your bodies spasm and your feet are sore 
 Go ("Back and forth") 
 From here to the store 
 Use a box of Magnums now you need some more 
 Go ("Back and forth") 
 On top, make her rock, make her pop 
 Make her go, make her stop, for you blow it then 
 Go ("Back and forth") 
 From here to the bar 
 From near and from far 
 When you hear it in your car go... 
 Hey what's up Beatrice? 
 I see you standin' there with your little coach bag 
 Tiffany's bracelet trying to look all pretty (So?) 
 That's like 250 dollars total 
 That's two pairs of sneakers to me 
 Get the fuck outta here... 
 ("I'm gonna fight'em all") ("Hold me back") 
 ("Fight'em all") ("Hold me back") 
 ("Fight'em all") ("Hod me back") 
 (What you gonna do Ap?) 
 ("Fight'em all") ("Hold me back") 
 Yeah... don't, don't calm down yet... 
 About time yeah (yeah) 
 (Emilio Lopez) 
 Hold me back, fuck that, I'ma gonna fight them all 
 If you can't fight'em later swing by the morgue 
 Cause ain't nobody know how to rock a mic no more 
 I'ma gonna start teaching rappers how to start write your bars 
 I ain't tryin' to tell nobody how to fight your wars 
 Fuck weapons son, I throw hooks like Jabber 
 I don't like any of y'all 
 And any of all, wouldn't give a fuck if my bank had a penny or more 
 Come through your crib smellin' like the scent of your whore 
 Give you debt with your same hand that was pettin' your whore 
 I admit it, I'm a sinner, broke plenty of laws 
 I never got stretched but I broke plenty of jaws 
 Listen, I'm Hungary, I'm amped, I'm ready, I'm suped 
 Been broke for too damn long son, I'm ready for loot 
 Once I'm more known the artists will never recoup 
 And I'ma gonna spit the flow till I own every coop 
 Go ("Back and forth") 
 Weed spot to the coke spot 
 Bring your fiend with you just to make sure the Coke's hot 
 ("Back and forth") 
 If she with you now she's my lover 
 Boy you should've never ever bought that half of wine 
 ("Back and forth") 
 'Lotta hoes on my dick 
 Do the dough that I get, plus the flows that I spit 
 ("Back and forth") 
 Weed up get that money man 
 We about to change the game, won't be nothin' funny man 
 Yeah, Emilio 
 Y'all can call me Mr. Lopez 
 Your girl already does... 
 ("I'm gonna") ("I'm gonna") ("I'm gonna") 
 ("I'm gonna fight 'em all") ("Hold me back") 
 (Fight'em all") ("Hold me back") 
 (Fight'em all") ("Hold me back") 
 (Fight'em all") ("Hold me back") 
 Change the record motherfucker!