Yeah, Chelsea Clinton. Where you at bitch? 
 (Celph Titled speaking) 
 Yeah you monkey motherfuckers. 
 This is Celph Titled, the motherfuckin' Trife-A-Saurus Rex. 
 And I've got my motherfuckin nigga Majik Most. 
 About to molest every female bitch in your fuckin' family. 
 You want more info? Dial 1-900-Get-Fucked-Up. 
 For twenty-five stitches a minute. 
 I don't give a fuck if you're handicapped. 
 You talk that shit, I'll bust a handy cap in that ass. 
 Yo, Majik, bust them in the head and leave 'em retarded. 
 Bring that shit nigga! 
 [Majik Most]: 
 Majik Most is here now, stop tryin' to rhyme 
 Even your mom says you just wastin' your time 
 I'll catch you in line as you apply for Medicaid 
 And beat you in the skull with a prosthetic leg 
 Majik's got it made all in-between your girls thighs 
 Any tough guys get smashed and pulverized 
 I'm off the hook like fish alibi's 
 Why diss? 
 It's high risk, try this, die quick in your whip 
 With a windshield wiper through your iris 
 You not feelin' this? 
 I'll crush your grandmothers hip 
 Then strip the emergency bracelet off her wrist 
 I love to shoot the gift 
 Man I rock a Santa suit when inside a vocal booth 
 I'll blast you through the roof 
 Just to show and prove 
 Oh you still want beef? (ah ha ha) 
 I'll bust your chops 
 Fuck you up like a Cyclops 
 In a weed spot with no eye drops 
 Motherfuckers 
 Hip hop is back (yeah yeah) 
 But you're a faggot in drag 
 Rockin' a dress 
 That used to be your dads 
 I'll choke you with your do-rag 
 Slam you on a concrete slab 
 Oh you mad?! 
 Cause Majik Most is so dope, I whack kids 
 Hijack the city bus with my man Dutch Massive 
 Hit the strip club 
 Celph and Ap got free passes 
 Every verse I write, considered classic 
 (Apathy) 
 A suplex Superman like a girl in a skirt 
 Bury you in the dirt 
 Rappers get placed in a world of hurt 
 You tryin' to mack a dame but your game doesn't work 
 You should feel lame and ashamed when you go home and jerk 
 'Cause I be havin' big titty bitches buying my shirt 
 While you lurkin' in the bushes with a perverted smirk 
 So jealous of the way I be ridin' the track 
 You put your walkman on my rap 
 And fantasize that you're Ap 
 But I'll be shittin' on you nerd motherfuckers for fun 
 Till I make you mad enough to come to school with a gun 
 Beat you up until you cry and take your money for lunch 
 They'll be mopping up your face by the twentieth punch 
 You faggots get ghost 
 Puttin' holes in the fabric of clothes 
 My automatic blows metal through the back of your domes 
 I'm mackin' your hoes 
 Rapid flows that'll roast opponents 
 Who play me close or battle with Majik Most 
 (Louis Logic) 
 Stop a second and drop your weapon bitch (biiitch!) 
 I meant to kill you back when the doctor stepped in 
 And said your mom was pregnant 
 Stomp the section of her stomach 
 Where a baby doll sleeps 
 Roast beef with both feet 
 Wearing weighted golf cleats 
 Leave behind a blood trail and a bottle of Seagram's Gin 
 Covered in my bloody finger print and blame my evil twin 
 But since I didn't see you there 
 I'll burn your studio 
 I'll fill you with warm slugs like you turned marsupial 
 I'm like a savage bushman 
 Chargin' through the outback 
 I'll kick you in your asses cushion 
 Whether with or without rap 
 Whether with or without Ap, 
 Celph or Majik Most 
 I'll smash your nose 
 And drag your ghost right out from your fractured bones 
 I'll have your folks singin' church songs, dressed in black 
 Your former fans only question asked is 
 "Where has that herb gone?" 
 I'll stab you 
 Carve you with a sharp knife and tag you 
 With bad news 
 So you know my name and what have you 
 (Celph Titled) 
 A lot of rappers gonna die this year and that's the truth 
 And I'll probably end up responsible for a few 
 Communication ain't a problem 
 My guns speak all languages 
 Gimme what I want 
 Or be a dumb nigga, brainless! 
 I'm the complete opposite with drug fiend chicks 
 I know straight-edge bitches that'll smoke crack to suck my dick 
 Floss through the hood and stack chips by the cases 
 I've got more whips than a slave-master dominatrix 
 I won't even do a cameo 
 I get paid for my ad-libs 
 Visit your girl and fuck her from her baby-back ribs 
 You might as well go snow skiing or somethin' 
 It's your only chance to rock ice without frontin' 
 Throw a monkey wrench in your program 
 Make you go ape shit 
 Attach your head to a launching space ship 
 Give you a face lift 
 It's basic 
 Bury your corpse under the basement 
 I'm ill enough to start a drug war with the Jamaicans 
 Don't make me have to pop your collar bone 
 Put the silence on the chrome 
 And let my Rottweilers roam 
 Thirsty for blood 
 Ready to shatter your brain 
 I talk a lot of shit on records but I can back up my claims 
 Motherfucker!