What you mad now? 
 'Cause I done made it, laugh now! 
 You doin' bad now? 
 I thought you was a big timer! 
 You a trip nigga 
 You just a buncha lip nigga 
 Why that shit so little and all the diamonds missin'? 
 Where the hood street shit? 
 Show me where the G shit 
 Where the gutter holes be and nobody gone see shit 
 Hit the purple main up, man I need a complete zip! 
 And if I catch you anywhere I can hit, you gettin' ripped 
 Verse 1, Webbie 
 I had to ? at the club 
 And I didn't even know her 
 I just looked her in her eyes 
 And I could tell that she was sober 
 That's a problem, bought some bottles 
 We started blowin' and pourin 
 She got to bouncin' and twerkin', my dick it start gettin' hard 
 The lights and 'em got 'em movin my shit it start glissen hard 
 Told niggas that got to lookin' I'm muggin them bitches hard 
 Already smoked about a half of dat shit I was trippin' hard 
 So I made sure my niggaz was straight 
 And kept her goin' 
 First night! Watch diz nigga do it every time 
 First night! Probably get to even let my nigga get a try 
 First night! Oh come on suck it I know it's your first time 
 First night! I just hit 'em and forget 'em I ain't lyin'! 
 2x 
 Verse 2, Webbie 
 Ugly hoes stand wide bad bitches come and talk to me 
 I don't really talk a lotta shit my appearance talk fo me 
 I don't like relationships 'cause I dun really wanna fuss 
 I love me thighs and hips to grip when I be cuttin' some 
 Me, I'm quick to nuttin some 
 I know you clowns trippin' out 
 Until you find out that it's yo bitch mouf I'm talkin' bout 
 Real feel this shit 'cause 
 On the beach just chillin' out 
 Six puerto rican hoochies just me, boos, and rick ross 
 Bet a hundred on that Saints game 
 Kinda pissed off I just lost 
 She ate nuts I cheered up 
 Nigga feel her this bitch soft 
 I call soon as you go to work 
 I leave right when you get off 
 I stay there when you ain't home 
 I'm the nigga behind them prank calls 
 I fuck hoes, I touch them, I'm out shit, I'm bout dat 
 I count toes, I flow hoes, I slang hoes, these skank hoes 
 Head first, a fo sho, and bread first, a no no 
 To the room after my show, don't wanna go then don't worry 
 Verse 3, Mouse 
 I met a cutie with a booty, and she was kinda groovy 
 She woulda gave it to me if I took her to the movies (Yup!) 
 Then I met Pam, straight outta Birmingham 
 She says she ? but she did the whole fam (Yup!) 
 Can't forget Ashley, yeah she get nasty 
 Chopped her on campus right befo she changed classes (Yup!) 
 Freaks by the bundle, yeah they act humble 
 But when they let the ?, shit they will rumble 
 When I work that lumber, big cucumber 
 Hit you and forget you, you's a one hit wonder 
 When I work that lumber, big cucumber 
 Hit you and forget you, you's a one hit wonder 
 But if you work it good you can leave me your number 
 Hit the bedroom and make it shake like thunder 
 That girl ass phat but yours much more plumper 
 Girl don't waste a minute go on lemme hit it on tha 
 First night! Watch diz nigga do it every time 
 First night! Probably get to even let my nigga get a try 
 First night! Oh come on suck it I know it's your first time 
 First night! I just hit 'em and forget 'em I ain't lyin'! 
 2x