Like that like that, Bounce ya ass like that like that. Bounce that ass like that like that. 
 Bend over let me see it from the back. Like Beyounce, like Trina, like a big bootie ass black diva, like a 
 Stripper, up and down like flippa, bend over let me see it from the back. 
 Double shots of hennessy 
 Let it get you groovy. 
 Gone work yo ass do ya thang, 
 I'ma do me. 
 I done switched to doucher, 
 And the switcher got a room key. 
 Act like you auditioning for a video or movie, 
 Bend towards the floor I want your hands where your toes be. 
 Ima Squeze all on you booty all nasty, 
 Done made 18 girl I'm legal you can harass me. 
 Cash and a bemmer I can't seem to find a bad beat, 
 A big fat ass like Trina make me happy. 
 Titties shake thighs shake vibrate while she dancing, 
 Like to shake her ass like Ciara real fancy. 
 Wonder if Ciara can shake her ass on this lamp piece, 
 Betcha Jada Pinkett shake that ass real classy ain't ready for the real betacha she be actin' Will have it. 
 You see me I'm picky I rate that ass, 
 I got a ask 50 how Vivica shake that ass 
 Like Beyounce, like Trina, like a big bootie ass black diva, like a stripper, up and down like 
 Flippa, bend over let me see it from the back. Like Beyounce, like Trina, like a big bootie ass black 
 Diva, like a stripper, up and down like flippa, bend over let me see it from the back. 
 You see big fine you when I find you, 
 I'ma beat that pussy from behind you. 
 Show lil thang up girl I ain't tryin' to, 
 I'm trill young savage boo must I remind you. 
 All I need is one night and a few minutes, 
 I'ma handle that there and then I'm through wit it. 
 Tell me is you bullshitin or is you cool wit it, 
 Our baby parents ain't got nothing to do wit it. 
 I want a J. Lo yonce' coke bottle shape object, 
 Cook soul food bake cake straight out the projects. 
 A female savage straight bad bitch prospect, 
 Baby Phat, Apple Bottem big booty Gucci and Prada. 
 I be lookin' for the kinda lil mama that's bout some dollars, 
 350 dollar bottles that's all she want to swalla. 
 And if you ain't a big balla she ain't even trying to holla, 
 She gone take ya lil measly dollas and walk off like a model. 
 Like Beyounce, like Trina, like a big bootie ass black diva, like a stripper, up and down like 
 Flippa, bend over let me see it from the back. Like Beyounce, like Trina, like a big bootie ass black 
 Diva, like a stripper, up and down like flippa, bend over let me see it from the back. 
 I need something like Nia Long make you wanna bring her home, 
 Feed her bone and don't even treat her wrong. 
 Ever seen that movie monster ball, 
 Bend over like Halle Berry on that part when ole boy knocked her off. 
 I'ma dog I like it soft I like to rub I like to grip, 
 To tell the truth I like them loose cause me and my thugs we like to flip. 
 I like the friends who get involved all the broads say I'ma trip, 
 I like the picture takin' pictures while you catch it on ya lip. 
 I like to sneek and take ya shoppin' when ya niggas start to trip, 
 Drink my liquor out the bottle on his couch and watch you strip. 
 Stick a couple fingers in ya make it tickle make ya drip, 
 Make ya holla like I'm robbin ya like a pimp and then I dip. 
 I want to get an ounce of hydro get alicia eyes low take her to the suite and make her hit all of her 
 High notes. 
 Strapped up fa sho 'cause I don't trust no hoes anybody can go Eazy E perfect example. 
 Like Beyounce, like Trina, like a big bootie ass black diva, like a stripper, up and down like 
 Flippa, bend over let me see it from the back. Like Beyounce, like Trina, like a big bootie ass black 
 Diva, like a stripper, up and down like flippa, bend over let me see it from the back.