(Master P) 
 Weebie! Holla at me (c'mon) 
 I got like twelve bottles of bubbly (oh) 
 (Chorus One 2X: Weebie) 
 I love the way she shake it in the thong - OOOHHHWEE! 
 The way she make it twurk and grab the wall - OOOHHHWEE! 
 Oh, baby you know whatchu doin' - OOOHHHWEE! 
 No Limit got the steps bouncin' and movin - OOOHHHWEE! 
 (Master P) 
 I know a big girl, with a ironed skirt 
 Give her couple dollars, she'll make it work 
 I mean holla at me whoadie, you know our crew large 
 Our fantasy's to have sex wit two broads 
 On a boat or a plane or exotic cars 
 Bring it to the next girl, bring the toys 
 On the dash, little shawty started takin' it off 
 Took her to the V.I.P., started breakin me off 
 Said she knew I was a baller by my iced out wrists 
 I told her "Wait, it don't stop, keep drinkin' the Cris'" 
 I'ma perky boy this, like to do the ass 
 See a fine chick, you know I'm gon' grab her 
 Nelly Nay girl where you at? 
 This No Limit boy tryin' to do that thang 
 I said "Rock the boat, don't let it sank" 
 It's time to go to war, I got the tank 
 (Chorus One) 
 [Master P] Say that then 
 (Weebie) 
 I could work, put ya body, c'mon back it up, back it up 
 You know Weebie and Master P, we gon' tank it up, tank it up 
 Turn around to the ground, you know how it goes 
 Catch the flow, tippie-toe, come and wobble some mo' 
 Like you know how I do it so don't act surprised 
 For a fact gotchu dancin till you hurtin' your thighs 
 Now won'tcha tune it up and wobble wit it 
 Act a fool and wobble wit it 
 Won'tcha make it hustle, ooh baby don't pull a muscle 
 Gotcha workin on the wall till you run outta breath 
 No Limit like I told ya so y'all give us respect 
 Now you could shake it like a dog, break my fuckin' balls 
 Do it how ya do it, lemme see ya take it off 
 (Chorus One) 
 (Chorus Two: Weebie) 
 Now won'tcha rock, rock on, rock, rock on, rock, rock on 
 Rock, rock on, rock, rock on, rock, rock on, rock, rock on, rock 
 Now won'tcha turn around and hustle wit it 
 Back it up and hustle wit it, test around and hustle wit it 
 Ooh baby ooh baby 
 (Master P) 
 Mary had a big ol' butt as tight as Jesus shorts 
 And every club that Mary was at then thugs would show the gold 
 That mean she had the bo-legged wit the curves just like a model 
 Project chick but pretty just like a model 
 When I'm rollin' through the hood she on dubs 
 Don't mind gettin' in and shakin her thang in the club 
 I mean, beat bopper she loved the tote shoppers 
 Call her head nurse then I'ma be the doctor 
 A real country mamma cook bricks and eggs 
 And she don't leave the farm herself to get paid 
 Candice on twaps 'cause she love the ball 
 Thought she had the nizzle on the dresses at the mall 
 Buyin, high heels on some leather boots 
 And lookin' for them ballers wit the crazy loot, WHAT?! 
 (Chorus One) 
 (Chorus Two) 
 (Master P over Chorus Two) 
 Where them No Limit boys at? Throw them 'bows 
 Them No Limit girls, get money and what? 
 Told y'all (?) ain't no stoppin' us 
 Putcha "Gameface" on when ya catchin us 
 (Master P (Weebie)) 
 East side (OOOHHHWEE!), Mid West (OOOHHHWEE!) 
 West coast (OOOHHHWEE!), Dirty South (OOOHHHWEE!) 
 The ghetto clique (OOOHHHWEE!), No Limit! (OOOHHHWEE!) 
 Haters off, can't stop us, can't stop me (OOOHHHWEE!) 
 Y'all, know, where we be (OOOHHHWEE!) 
 Somebody tell valet to bring my Bentley 
 I'm about to (?) wit a couple these poppers why'heard? 
 The party's not over, Ooh-WEE-WEE!