Ok I say that shit again, I said it once before 
 I just - - I just - - I just - - I just want it all 
 I glist and shine wit miss's fine 
 Model chick, big behind 
 Bad enough to skip the line but to me she just a nine 
 I hop up out that double o you can call me mr. bond 
 Bitch I am a monster I belong on district 9 
 Catch me in my office... doin' business 
 The fuck you doin'?! BULLSHITTIN 
 I get all the eyes when I step inside and 
 They all arise when I am arivin 
 Bring out the rozay and the ciroc and 
 Bring out the OJ like johnny cochran 
 I GUESS they on somthin 'cause my neck look like horizon 
 Just a million people behind me and I dnt have verizon 
 Man I'm chillin' wit my niggas nigga 
 And a couple cool bitches 
 Whada fuck you doin'?! BULLSHITTIN 
 Me and my nikkkkkazzzzz say it ain't Ton 
 Hundred pretty girliess singin' our songgg 
 Yeah I kick my feet up you can't say that I ain't home 
 And I be blowin' on that reefer you can't say that it ain't strong and 
 She just -- she just -- she just-- she just want a long dick 
 I put it in her mouth and now that btich look like a conehead 
 When I'm done go ahead... what the fuck this is?! 
 What the fuck you doin'?! BULLSHITTIN 
 I hear -- I hear -- I hear man but that shit just don't compare 
 I tell you you the best, when I'm lookin' in the mirror 
 By the time y'all over here, I'm prolly over there 
 And by the time you ridin' wat I'm ridin' on I'm in the air 
 No wonder why my mind is so cloudy, I'm drowsy 
 My frequent flyer miles is in the thousies I'm outtie 
 Somewhere chillin' in maui swimmin wit the scuba fishes 
 Wat the fuck you doin'?! BULLSHITTIN 
 Nigga I be splargin 
 I beg my pardon 
 'Cause yalll niggas is starvin 
 Lookin' for a bargain 
 Gone and roll that weed yeah I think its time to spark it 
 'Cause I be runnin' through them trees niggas call me tarzan 
 Wat you think? we won't stop! gone stop? 
 Silly hoe I'm livin' out my dreams don't you dare hti that alarm clock 
 I'm laid up wit yo girlfriend you knockin' like wat you doin' nigga?! 
 I'm like fuck YOU doin'?!?!?!?! BULLSHITTIN! 
 I hit you wit a amc, my nigga that's a full clip 
 And you could be like me if you just quit wit all the bullshit