I am in love with the lights, the love, the rights, the wrongs, 
 They told me that it wouldn't be night for long! 
 The lights, the love, the rights, the wrongs 
 They told me that it wouldn't be night for long! 
 And I'm in love with the lights, the love, 
 Celebrity hoes, Hollywood parties that never get old! 
 Table full of new hoes, champagne NuVo, 
 But my mind is on Venus, but my neck is on Pluto. 
 I need a girl that look badder than my girlfriend, 
 Not the ones that look badder than they girlfriends, 
 Paparazzi try to pop big, since I'm in Cali 
 But I just had my face doing a Earl Flinn 
 Hoody over my head, Jedi, 
 Anacin, looking like a BBC 
 Louis V mannequin, she ain't got no man in him, 
 She got no companion, she's Jenifer Aniston, 
 I'm trying to hit her, and her friend! 
 And again, and again, 
 Pass it to my man's and them. 
 Fuckin' all the baddest bitches 
 In cities we landin' in. 
 What happens when it all falls, 
 And the success is all gone, and is all gone? 
 But for now I'm a celebrity! 
 For now I'm a celebrity! 
 'Cause I'm in love with the lights, the love, the rights, the wrongs, 
 They told me that it wouldn't be night for long! 
 The lights, the love, the rights, the wrongs 
 They told me that it wouldn't be night for long! 
 The money they said that is the root of all evil, 
 At least that's what the pastor tried to teach ya, 
 But he ain't pass around and collects and play, 
 Till he's heavy weight as soon as his speech through, hah. 
 Now hop in that Benz, coop. 
 Shit, I'm trying to get Benz too! 
 Man how is it the root of all evil? 
 If it could take my whole family out to Rio. 
 No more re-po or depot speed-boats. 
 Jury all gone, come and see 3PO. 
 Smoke so much, I gotta see 3POs 
 'Cause I'm worldwide tourin with me and my nigga Zeno 
 Most comfortable behind the Mic's like Tito 
 So I hate to lose my mic like Tito 
 What happens when it all falls, 
 And the success is all gone, and is all gone? 
 But for now I'm a celebrity! 
 For now I'm a celebrity! 
 'Cause I'm in love with the lights, the love, the rights, the wrongs, 
 They told me that it wouldn't be night for long! 
 The lights, the love, the rights, the wrongs. 
 They told me that it wouldn't be night for long! 
 I do it for 
 Anything in life for love and meaning, 
 I hope they never try to tell me I'm leaving, 
 Getting everything I want, then I got my mom next, 
 LA Reid sign checks right after the contract. 
 I always had a crazy flow, pockets was on radio, active. 
 I guess 'cause I was active on a radio. 
 Way back in high school, yeah nigger CT 
 Where I met my nigga Ton', bad pimpin' CT 
 Came up afta Slum Village, way before T3. 
 Give my hoes the run around, we just call 'em track meets. 
 It's funny now when I look back, tho. 
 Cause them the times that gave the inspiration at the track meets. 
 Yeeuh, Boi. 
 Do it.