Catch me running to the money until my feet lose feelin'. 
 Stack it wall to wall till its leaking through the ceilin. 
 Man 
 All fucking hundreds so what's that like a zillion? working grave yard shifts 'cause we finna make a killin'. 
 Went from intern to the owner of the building. Bustin' nuts counting money like oh what a feelin'. 
 To be seeing what I'm seeing after I've seen what I've seen it's like acting out a scene from a dream of my dream.(X2) 
 I got a dream that's worth more then my reality. And pride that's worth more then a salary. 
 And a text from the girl I love I stopped calling 
 Quote I hope its worth all it. 
 Sometimes I feel I'm working just to work harder. And then work harder than who worked the hardest. man the life of a workaholic .You either on your work or just workin on it. 
 Man fuck it kill'em all we gon need a ton of flowers. And if you need impossibilie give me bout an hour. 
 Its time to turn a polaroid to a portrait. 
 Rockin' street clothes gettin' money like I'm corporate. Youngin gettin' it isn't life gorgeous. 
 Bet the crib on 'em and you'll end up with a fortress. And ima need that new condo, town home, brown stone should I fuck with the dow jones. 
 Or maybe I'll put money on the block instead? 
 There's no need to save I could get change off the street next to the meter maid. 
 'Cause I need a maid house with a piece of shade. Butlers doing such a good job that they need a raise. Bad chick with an angel ass and an alyiah face. Tryna show a little TNA. 
 Hell ya I'm tryna see the day 
 Man 
 Life is so bright when you don't see the grey. The new school appointed me to lead the way. A real nigga to the DNA. 
 Me mike grace and dilla. Stickin to the script. and what's her name still licken on my tip. 
 Gon a head and tell these bitches who there fuckin' wit. Man to get where I'm at I'll make her suck a hundred dicks. Man to get where I'm at I'll make her suck a hundred dicks. Her mouth lookin' like dannon. Because of me and cannon and to get where we at she had to suck a hundred dicks. biatch 
 Man I got on versace shades, 
 Versace belt, versace shoes. I might've fucked around and been the freshest nigga in the world today. 
 You don't understand man I came from nothing. This is what I dreamed about. This is what we dreamed about. 
 Boy. BIG Sean don nigga. Good Music. Finally famous in this gettin'. 
 Errythang. Detroit what up doe.