Yo! It's money time! 
 Yezzir... 
 [Hook: Pharrell] 
 I'm tryna stuff 'em until I can't fit no more 
 I'm talking Donald Trump level 
 I'm trying to get these dreams off the ground 
 All aboard for the shuttle 
 All the hoes, screaming "ho!" 
 That nigga go, from the go 
 [Verse 1: Big Sean] 
 Okay, "B-I, B-I", bitches do it to death 
 If I come with half, bet I leave with the rest 
 OK, you might be cool getting 50% 
 I'm like "what you doing? I need Diddy's percent!" 
 Got a million on line 1 and 
 Another mil' dialing in, momma on line 4 
 Telling me how much not to spend 
 'Ye on line 3 telling me how we about to win 
 You on hold tryna get conferenced in 
 I just gotta have it, trying to imagine 
 Making it happen, I prayed about it and grabbed it 
 My life is a fucking movie, the baddest bitches 
 Get casted, I'm in a race with myself to see 
 Who could get it the fastest 
 Sipping on shit older than me 
 The warmer the weather, the colder the drink 
 The colder the weather, the warmer the mink 
 I'm living life like a found a fucking check 
 With no ink - I get it 
 [Hook: Pharrell] 
 I'm tryna stuff 'em until I can't fit no more 
 I'm talking Donald Trump level 
 I'm trying to get these dreams off the ground 
 All the hoes! Screaming "ho!" 
 That nigga go, from the go 
 Get it, get it, nigga we gonna get it 
 Get it, get it, nigga you gonna get it 
 [Verse 2: Big Sean] 
 Whoa! The sky never seemed so low 
 Looking at her like "you never seemed so close" 
 I had a dream about a trillion in cash 
 It's time to make it happen! 
 I'm back to dreaming what you can't imagine 
 Talking cash, you ain't got to fake an accent 
 I've broke enough tree down that I couldMake a cabin 
 Look: I turn all my problems to ash 
 All my ones that I have is then divided by half 
 Pass it on to my man, write my will out then 
 Pass it on to my fam and finally become a man 
 I had a dream I was greatest of all time 
 Greatest of all Big's, greatest of all Sean's 
 Sipping on shit older than me 
 The warmer the weather, the colder the drink 
 The colder the weather, the warmer the mink 
 I'm living life like a found a fucking check 
 With no ink - I get it 
 [Hook: Pharrell]