(Kanye) 
 Yeah, Ok. 
 Ay Yo, y'all niggas poppin' willy shit, 
 Lets see who really rich, 
 Y'all ride the beat, 
 I'ma bout to pop a wheelie bitch, 
 Really this, I came up with on some silly shit, 
 Look how good it is, 
 That show you who you dealing with, 
 Y'all illy, I'm Iller, I'm from Illinois, 
 The big sean, why don't you call your chi town boys, 
 Show me where they at, 
 I will destroy, 
 I'm bout to fuck somethin' up, 
 I might as well call the lawyer, 
 Good music run this bitch, 
 Yes we do, 
 I know you thinkin' "damn I wish Ye would bless me too" 
 In the booth I use the restroom 
 Its best you, Go ahead and kiss the Jesus piece 'Cause I just blessed you, 
 Uh, And holy water odds against Ye 
 Its slaughter ever since the day I opened up that midnight marauders 
 Now its gon be a problem like a brand new installment from the late great Mr. Christohper Wallace, 
 They call us pompus, 
 Can I be honest? Honestly, Modesty wasn't ever in my policy, 
 Apology accepted, you ain't say it? Shoulda said it, 
 As soon as I did, all the Bullshit was deaded. 
 Get it? 
 (Big Sean) 
 Yup, Yup I get it, 
 Good music bitch, Ain't nobody fuckin' wit it, 
 And Nah, nah they can't really do it how we did it, 
 Its good music bitch, Ain't nobody fuckin' wit it, 
 B.I.G. is, gee wiz, he is sure he would be the man ever since a fetus, 
 I know us niggas prayin' um down fallin' weak shit, 
 But I'm never goin' down here, 
 Even on ski trips, 
 I am the d, 
 Come and make an observation 
 And it seem like the murder rate is higher than the population, 
 Damn, I bet you just as sweet as you look bitch, 
 You are just bushwick, I'm 8 foot 6, 
 I'm so up up on it like insomniacs, 
 Good music man Ye where he find me at, 
 I'm so dominant, I'm so confident 
 That Ima get a compliment on any fuckin' continent from freaks that's fine is shit without this designer shit, 
 Big business, respect my conglomerance, 
 Girls get check, but my bank get check more, 
 Whenever niggas check up, I'm who they check for, or have a check for, 
 Loui V shit so much domnier print fuck around and play checkers, 
 And these rappers get critical damages, But I rap to good its no need for bandages, 
 You the man in your city, Cool. 
 When I'm out performin? right after you, 
 I'm sorry but you gone be ranked right afta two, 
 'Cause I'm first place, 
 And second is my crew, 
 So move, Bitch.