Lyrics: (Verse 1) 
 I promise we gone live how we want 
 I promise we gone get all we want 
 Split the bill, naw forget the bill 
 Look, We gone buy the whole restaurant 
 Remember way back when we gone say back then 
 We'll be the ones that will have arenas packed in 
 Livin' big time yup big time to the point were our name coulda been Big Ben 
 No matter what they gave I'da neva gave in wit out sun shine I neva caved in. 
 I'm finally famous till the lights is faded then the crowd is jaded when I hop on stages 
 (Hey) You don't live for life so live your life when you live and die look back and say you did it right When you get it right I hope it lasts for life 
 Last for life 
 Last for life 
 Last for life 
 Man I wish that this could last for life 
 (Lookin' back) Lookin' back on all we saw who woulda thought we'd get this far You search your life for heaven on earth when you get it right hope it lasts for life 
 I promise they gone all try and be me 
 I promise they gone know who we are 
 I promise we that gone be successful with or without the college degree 
 Remember old head use to tell my momma That boy will be somethin' one day I promise 
 So they should not expect nothin' less then to see us set like dine nets I guess and we all waitin for tomorrow and sometimes without actin' we gotta deal with drama 
 Hey to get these dreams I figure its gone take more than nyquil and pajamas 
 But they know what's up We hoppin out and they know it's us 
 When we get it right look back and say that we did it right and hope it lasts for life 
 Last for life 
 Last for life 
 Last for life 
 Man I wish that this could last for life 
 (Lookin' back) Lookin' back on all we saw who woulda thought we'd get this far You search your life for heaven on earth when you get it right I hope it lasts for life 
 (Big Sean Talking) 
 Yo I remember I use to ride to school with my dawg Tom and we be listening to Kanye jay z man you know every body basically and it's crazy now 'cause I do business with them. You know people always ask me like you know, Why didn't you go to school? Why didn't you go to college? It's like man I didn't go to school 'cause this is what I wanna do you know what I mean this is my dream. The thing is you can go ask Jay Z who Big Sean is? you can ask Pharrell who Big Sean is?, you can walk into Def Jam offices right now be like who is Big Sean is and LA Reid will tell you Who Big Sean is. you can ask Nigo who Big Sean is and they Know. Man I'm 20 years old and I've been around the world. I've been around the world you know doing the thing I love to do. Like what more could you ask for and that's real.