[Hook: Children] x2 
 Man, not my mama (x3) 
 Quit messin' with my mama 
 (Verse 1 : Big Sean) 
 Okay, I love me some of yo mama, (oh) true that (true that) 
 Don't call me daddy, only she can do that 
 Ok, me and yo mama be fuckin', boy you don't know nothin' about that 
 You seen her lookin' all mad, ain't time for ya nap? 
 You wake up, I'm back, eating up all your snacks 
 Don't ask for help with your math (stupid) 
 Ain't my fault, you can't add 
 Don't be out here fake cryin', lyin' 
 Up in the keyhole straight spying 
 Only knock the door if you're dyin' 
 I wish I could stay here forever (I love it) 
 You the only reason me and your mama ain't together 
 She's so much better than my old bitch 
 Man, I love that old bitch 
 I do 
 (Bridge: MILF) 
 OH! This feels so nice. Oh shit! 
 (Hook: Big Sean) 
 No stress, no drama, 
 Her kids hatin', they know I fucked their mama 
 I love ya mama, I love ya mama, I love ya mama 
 I love ya mama, I love ya mama, I love ya mama 
 (Verse 2 : Big Sean) 
 The way she bounce both cheekies 
 Boy, she freaky, shoulda known she was kinky 
 When I walked inside the room and I seen her slinky (wtf) 
 Even made me use my pinky the way she teach me 
 It's just so dreamy, oh God, damn, man 
 I cheat on tests, cheat on hoes, I cheat when I can 
 I'm even cheating on my whip, I got a side Benz 
 But she made me wanna cut off all my side friends (I love you, baby) 
 A nigga be tryna chase her, take her 
 Date rape her, stand out the daycare sit there and wait there 
 Fuck, I can't even trust the neighbors, damn (what you lookin' at?) 
 You niggas stick to your young hoes 
 I got a freak that wash, dry, and fold clothes 
 You motherfuckers 
 Ooh this? mothafucka! OH! Just let me, oh! Let me jockey this dick! 
 (Verse 3 : Nicki Minaj) 
 I got my welfare check, smokin' on that crack 
 Hell yeah I'm unemployed 
 Baby daddy down my back 
 Now what you got for me Sean? 
 I heard it's big and it's long 
 I take my teeth out, suck it good 
 This where your dick belong 
 Y-Y-Yeah, do it like that daddy 
 Pump pump bump bump it in my ass-matic 
 You a dummie, you is big bone 
 (Mom, I'm hungry) Shut your mouth, you little bastards go on 
 All this ass is for you Seany, can I call you Seany? 
 Sl-Sl-Sl-Sl-Slap me in my face with it 
 Get a crack valve with that bass in it 
 If I got weed then I'm lacing it 
 Eat all this ass, quit tasting it nigga 
 (Verse 4: Juicy J) 
 I got yo mama all in my line 
 Bullets all in my 9 
 Rollie tell the time 
 She ain't yours, she ain't mine 
 Throw a hundred every time 
 I think my coupe just lost its mind 
 Put yo mama on that trippy shit, sippin' lean, snorting lines 
 Overseas like "bonjour" 
 Last ten years I've been on tour 
 And I still got that old money 
 I touch more green than a lawnmower 
 With a ratchet bitch, you laid up 
 I'm on my tour bus fucking mamas getting paid up 
 I take that bitch to my mansion 
 And a nigga can't pay her to leave 
 Yo mama a great head doctor, with no PhD 
 My pockets stuffed with dough 
 I made it all in the streets 
 I might just go to the club, and throw it all on a freak 
 Yo mama 
 Ratchet ass bitch 
 Baby, ooh. Can you feel what I feel, OH shit! 
 I want a bunch of boots and shoes, 'cause mothafucka, I'm gonna be here a while.