Make it, make it, make it, boy, we gotta make it 
 You can save your hand, I ain't gotta shake it 
 Everything lined up for the takin' 
 And what I need from 'em? No favors 
 Clique too big, bread gotta break it 
 'Cause these others lowkey with the snakin', fakin' 
 Everything lined up for the takin' 
 And what I need from 'em? No favors, no favors 
 What I need? No favors 
 Everything lined up for the takin' 
 And what I need from 'em? No favors 
 I'm about gettin' the job done, boy up every night 
 I'm about rollin' a seven when I toss up the dice 
 I'm about gettin' my logo all flooded with ice 
 I'm about takin' a risk that might fuck up your life 
 Tell 'em point and shoot like camera crews 
 In front of cameras too (Brrr!) 
 Damn, Sean, what happened to the humble attitude? 
 I'm like, "Niggas took the flow, but I'm still standin' too." 
 Thought I had the Midas touch, and then I went platinum too 
 Motherfuck all your comparisons 
 I've been talkin' to God like that's my therapist 
 I'm African-American in America; I ain't inherit shit 
 But a millionaire under 30, so He must be hearin' shit 
 Don, don, don life, I do this for the crib, the D to Flint 
 Kids who get sick with lead, others get hit with the lead 
 From where they need a handout 
 But they tell you put hands up 
 Only deals I have is from the Sam's Club 
 Now it's blue blood in my veins 
 Though you know what I came for 
 Born in a world goin' where they told me I can't go 
 In my lane, though, I'm in the same boat as Usain Bolt 
 Get ahead by any means, so the head's what I aim for 
 When my grandma died I realized I got an angel 
 Show me everything's a blessing, dependin' on the angles 
 Look, I am the anomaly, never needed favors or apologies 
 That's my new lifetime policy 
 Woodgrain steering wheel, this bitch feel like a pirate ship 
 How many hot verses till you bitches start acknowledgin' 
 The pictures we been paintin'? My nigga 
 Connected to a higher power-how I know? 
 'Cause I don't write this shit, I think it, my nigga 
 Look, all I ever did was beat the odds 
 'Cause when you try to get even it just don't even out 
 Never stoppin' like we hypnotized 
 Watch what we visualize on the rise 
 Be the GOAT while we alive; when we die, we gon' be the gods 
 Make it, make it, make it, boy, we gotta make it 
 You can save your hand, I ain't gotta shake it 
 Everything lined up for the takin' 
 And what I need from 'em? No favors 
 Clique too big, bread gotta break it 
 'Cause these others lowkey with the snakin', fakin' 
 Everything lined up for the takin' 
 And what I need from 'em? No favors, no favors 
 If she was flavor, I won't save her 
 No taste buds, ho, later! 
 Fuck you lookin' at, hater? 
 I saw them eyes, like an ass raper 
 Try to copy my swag like a cheating classmate 
 I'll be the last face you see before you pass 
 When you get your fuckin' ass graded like a math paper 
 So ahead of my time, "late" means I'm early 
 My age is reversing, I'm basically thirty 
 Amazingly sturdy, zany and wordy 
 Brainy and nerdy, blatantly dirty 
 Insanely perverted, rapey and scurvy 
 They blame me for murdering Jamie Lee Curtis 
 Said I put her face in the furnace, beat her with a space heater 
 A piece of furniture, egg beater, thermos 
 It may be disturbing, what I'm saying's cringeworthy 
 But I'm urinating on Fergie, call Shady number 81 
 Surely I'm turning into the Aaron Hernandez of rap 
 State of emergency, the planet's having panic attacks 
 Brady's returning, matter of fact I may be deserving 
 Of a pat on the back, like a Patriots jersey 
 Inexplicable stomach growl from the pit of it 
 Like a fuckin' Terrier hid in it 
 Despicable, dumb it down, ridiculous 
 Tongue is foul, shoot off at the fuckin' mouth 
 Like a missile, a thunder cloud 
 Hundred pound pistol, pull the trigger, this gun will sound 
 And you'll get a round, like Digital Underground 
 And fuck Ann Coulter with a Klan poster 
 With a lamp post, door handle, shutter 
 A damn bolt cutter, a sandal, a can opener, a candle, rubber 
 Piano, a flannel, sucker, some hand soap, butter 
 A banjo and manhole cover 
 Hand over the mouth and nose smother 
 Trample ran over the tramp with the Land Rover 
 The band, the Lambo, Hummer and Road Runner 
 Go ham donut, or go Rambo, gotta make an example of her 
 That's for Sandra Bland, ho, and Philando 
 Hannibal on the lamb, no wonder I am so stubborn 
 I'm anti, can't no government handle a commando 
 Your man don't want it, Trump's a bitch 
 I'll make his whole brand go under (Yeah) 
 And tell Dre I'm meeting him in L.A. 
 White Bronco like Elway, speeding 
 I'm bout to run over a chick, Del Rey CD in? 
 Females stay beatin' 'em, bet you they'll lay bleeding 
 And yell, "Wait!" pleading-but screaming is pointless 
 Like feeding Michel'le helium 
 Leaving them pale-faced, medium-sized welt 
 Straight treating 'em like a cellmate 
 Seedy, I'm climbing hell's gate 
 Bitch, I'm like your problems: self-made 
 Meaning someone else's help ain't needed, 'cause I'ma... 
 Make it, make it, make it, boy, we gotta make it 
 You can save your hand, I ain't gotta shake it 
 Everything lined up for the takin' 
 And what I need from 'em? No favors 
 Clique too big, bread gotta break it 
 'Cause these others lowkey with the snakin', fakin' 
 Everything lined up for the takin' 
 And what I need from 'em? No favors, no favors 
 What I need? No favors 
 Everything lined up for the takin' 
 And what I need from 'em? No favors 
 (I know you feeling yourself right now.) 
 (But I'm not sure she's the one-I would call them in.) 
 "Hey, I'm outside." 
 What are you doing here?