Nothing is stopping you 
 Nothing is stopping you 
 Nothing is stopping you 
 Nothing is stopping you 
 Stopping you 
 Stopping you 
 I know I'mma get it, I just don't know how 
 Heart up on the stage, body in the crowd 
 Parents always tried to keep me home 
 But I can't get paid from the crib, so I'll be gone till we on 
 What's up, Finally Famous 
 I had it on my jacket way back in high school 
 Know I wanted to be in them night clubs and not all off in that night school 
 So me and my niggas real life'd it, every week we did them cyphers 
 At the radio, had a crazy flow, man the city ain't heard shit like this, 
 I woke up early on a Saturday 
 Said I'mma cash my check and hit some ass today 
 Hit the bank, my nigga called me like: "Go rap for Ye 
 He at the station, rap that shit that you rap everyday" 
 Man, that shit sounds stupid 
 Then I hung up on his ass, then called him back like "Fuck, let's do it" 
 I didn't even cash my check, man can't believe my ass pursued it 
 I didn't even have no gas but somehow God just lead me to it 
 Like, "Let's do it" 
 When I heard the songs he was doing 
 Man, I knew he had to be on G.O.O.D Music 
 (Big! Sean!) 
 (Big! Sean!) 
 (Big! Sean!) 
 (Big! Sean!) 
 (Big! Sean!) 
 Just to think, last night I was in Venice hugging bitches, 
 Thanking God Almighty, condoms were invented 
 'Cause I had a yellow bone that could've come from out the Simpsons 
 Man. who claim she never did it (Yeah right) 
 But under these conditions, she was with it 
 Then I hopped up on that red eye when I finished 
 I been gone for five hours, fuck, my head still spinning 
 Fucked the hotel up, shit she probably still in it, 
 Getting rest that I be missing, 
 But fuck it I'm on a mission 
 Flight delayed like 30 minutes, now that's the shit that I hate 
 Now it's eight thirty, I'm officially late, for that eight o'clock spot 
 I know the Program Director hot 
 But I spit a freestyle up in there so cold 
 That everybody in that bitch forgot, now I'm running late for sound check 
 And I heard the line's already to the lot, walking out the station 
 And that's around the time that I got stopped, by this shorty tryna rhyme 
 Manager said we ain't got time, but time to time 
 You gotta make time when it's time for karma to come back around 
 I say "Aye dawg, What you got?", "Aw dawg, Big Sean, thanks a lot 
 Um, all right, it's that young renegade, man they been afraid 
 Tryna follow me get in a maze, Leave you minute maid 
 Um, I'm like a young black Eminem 
 It's a riddle and I'm repping that Michigan 
 Tryna stack my dividends, get my mom a new crib and them 
 And a bunch of synonyms about how he was living in, I even let him finish it, 
 I mean I can't lie he was all right, but at his age, shit so was I 
 So I give him my email on a fly, and if his songs good, I'll reply, Uh 
 Hello 
 Ay nigga, ay trick, where you at, nigga? 
 Ay what up? What's good? What's up man? 
 Ay bro, ay nigga I just rapped for this nigga Big Sean dawg 
 What! 
 Bro, haha, I just rapped for this nigga Big Sean dawg, aye 
 Oh hell naw, what? 
 Hey I ran into this nigga, but aye he cool as hell man 
 Awwww dang! Tight! 
 Bet, he short as hell though. 
 Hahahaha 
 But that nigga was cool though man 
 All right! 
 Man just like how he spit a hundred bars, I spit like two hundred bars. 
 Tell me what you know about dreams, what you know about having faith 
 In something you can't see, tell me how much do you believe 
 What you know about feeling something, that you can't even touch 
 What you know bout smelling something, that you can't even breathe 
 But when the world drives you out, and your gas tank is on E 
 All the faith that you had, just ain't all the faith that you need 
 All the faith that I have, just ain't all the faith that I need 
 I'm sorry 
 I know you're not my child talking like that. Focus on shifting this negative energy, into something positive. And the easiest way to do that, is to be grateful for all the things that you do have, for your health, for your family, your friends, all the people that care about you. You've got food to eat, you've got a place to stay. Ugh you know, let's feel good, let's get happy, boi! haha