187, gang related, I'm accused 
 And after every court date my face is on the news 
 They say I wrote a song about a murder 
 I maintain my innocence, it's nothing but a coincidence 
 I'll admit it looks kind of shadey 
 From the outside looking in 
 The situation is serious but people don't comprehend 
 I was 17 years young back in '92 
 Facing 25 to life for something I didn't do 
 My song is supposed to be a big admission on my part 
 And they're using the lyrics against me when my trial gets ready to start 
 My songs are being misinterpritated 
 It ain't nothing but the D.A. trying to prove premeditated 
 They've got X-Raided stuck, majorly crossed up 
 The D.A. got a fucked up witness and my lawyer is a dump truck 
 I've been sitting in the county, three years have already went by 
 They're pressuring my Locs, trying to get them to testify 
 Snitching ain't no joke, it's hazardous to your health 
 When you point one finger at me, you're pointing three back at yourself 
 My homies got convicted for murder in the first degree 
 Ain't no doubt about it, they'll try to do worse to me 
 They take me in the court room in front of an all white jury 
 With the family looking me with barely concealed fury 
 My lawyer standing next to me, prepared to represent 
 And help me get convicted cause to him 
 I'm guilty till proven innocent... 
 Why they trying to give me deuce-5 to life? 
 They trying to give me 25 to life 'cause I'm guilty till proven innocent... 
 I open up the front page of the Sacramento Bee 
 And read the article that Dan McGrath wrote about me 
 He has his own opinion and it's his job to write it 
 I say he's being biased and completly one sided 
 The media write their stories for the public to consume 
 And any chance I have of getting a fair trial in Sac is doomed 
 Any potential jurors mind is being contaminated 
 From reading all the bull they wrote about X-Raided 
 I never told anybody to go out kill somebody's folks 
 And blaming it all on me and 
 A song I wrote is a complete joke 
 They're looking for a move but they're looking in the dark 
 Putting a noose around my neck and a bullet in my heart 
 Just because I'm capable of killing doesn't mean I kill 
 And just because I'm capable of killing doesn't mean I will 
 I wish they all knew, how can I make you feel me? 
 X-Raided didn't do it but I've gotta ride 'cause I'm guilty till proven innocent... 
 Why they trying to give me deuce-5 to life? 
 They trying to give me 25 to life 'cause I'm guilty till proven innocent... 
 I'm knowing I'm going to end up in the pen 
 Fighting my appeal and hoping that I win 
 It's me and Baby Bread fighting this fucked up case 
 Like Dooney and B-Dub trying to get these years erased 
 In Sac there ain't no love when you're from the Garden Blocc 
 Maniac, C-Mooney, Baby Snake and Lil' Venom already got washed 
 I'm trying to keep my head up but my load is getting heavy 
 It makes me want to do like Sicx: take some Tylenol and get it over with 
 But instead I just maintain and do everything to keep my composure 
 Representing the Blocc to the fullest and riding like a soldier 
 I told you fools the X-Loc ain't going out like the average 
 I didn't kill your folks but if you run up then I gotta loc up like a savage 
 On that ass, bitch, it ain't nothing personal thang, it's just about survival 
 And I'm going to be 125 years old before I die 
 If I can help it 
 You made your threats and I felt it but I ain't dead yet 
 So you niggas talking about 
 What you're going to do when you see me 
 I'll be on the weights, wearing state boots and a beanie 
 I wish I didn't have to be this way but it's reality 
 So I'm strapped based on the fact 
 I'm guilty till proven innocent... 
 Why they trying to give me deuce-5 to life? 
 They trying to give me 25 to life 
 'Cause I'm guilty till proven innocent...