Next song is Macaframa. 
 Yeah... for y'all uneducated ass bitches (fuck you hoes) 
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, foever hatin' on a nigga that's havin' thangs 
 Nigga, these type of situations on lockdown, were da real love at? 
 Yeah, yeah... 
 Ain't no love for them hoes an I'm knowin' 
 Bitches only jocking X-Raided 'cause I be flowin 
 That's why I'm showin 'em love and affection 
 In they silky sections my erections 
 Spitten milky secretions in they directions 
 When you in they presence, they say you king 
 But when you ain't around they clown like you a peasent 
 Fuck givin' the bitches presents 
 Diamond rings and things of that nature get you pussy fo sho 
 That hoell date ya and inflate your ego 
 But they got you hero zero fo show for all your actions 
 You went to jail wit no bail an now ain't nothin' cracking 
 Bet back when you was free you thought you had a silent female 
 But now you can't even get a visit an got a bed fulla mail 
 Movin lika a snail when you tryin' to get her to handle somethin' 
 And late at night she got cum drippin out her bellybutton 
 That good for nothin' bitch is useless for a convict 
 I'm nuttin up on hoez, nigga fuck that cum shit 
 Her cousins on my nuts like a little squirrel 
 An I wouldve been to mack her if she wasn't a little girl 
 But about two months from now that little girl gon turn 18 
 The number one draft pick on my whole team 
 I'm that gansta you answer to 
 When I say bitch jump then that's whatcha do 
 I'm a fast talkin' convict, blowin' yo mind 
 I'm workin macaframalama even if I'm in da slamma 
 It don't take much to keep yo man happy doing eight months 
 Bbut it ain't no contact visits so you can't touch 
 An county time ain't no joke 
 In Sacramento this shit will have you mental 
 'Cause you can't smoke 
 You be stressed out 
 Hopin that you get yo case 
 Three strikes tryin' to wipe out my whole race 
 Now here comes yo wife since you done got your time 
 Saying that she can't hang. Bitch is you out yo mind? 
 She got everything you own 
 Vehicle, clothes, even yo home 
 Not a penny on yo bus cause tha bitch is gone 
 They send you to the branch then from there 
 Out to tracy 
 And one of the homies hooked you up with 
 This bitch Stacy 
 She's white, overweight with bi-focals 
 But she's sending letters wit money or ???? 
 You dedicated to love an married her quick to hit that ass 
 On the first contact allowed visit she had you cummin hella fast 
 You lost you're pretty bitch but you gained a ugly soldier 
 Move over bacon, its time fo sizzleen to take over. 
 Cause doing time, it's all about support 
 An the bitch is to come an let you make her pussy for it, tell 'em short 
 Now this is fo the homies that got them Nike wearing hoes 
 Ponytails in they hair sportin other bitches clothes 
 Ruggish, thuggish, raggedy like them up at the type that 
 Wakes up in the mornin put on some sweats an be like fuck it 
 Nigga don't lie, you know I just detailed yo babys mama 
 The type of bitch that's even crooked to be to start some drama 
 Like a comma, puttin' pauses in yo sentances 
 Y'all can't even get along on reconcilable differences 
 That bitch is famous from so many nameless sticks 
 That penetrated and she's gameless 
 That's how you know she's never been with 'Raided. 
 She's aimless, where is you headed? Bitch is you knowin'? 
 Gettin' on my nerves like my bunkie when hes snorin 
 He needed to leave or get rid a her at this moment 
 An shake her like jordan does a basketball 
 Upon niggas if you eva fall or take a loss 
 Nigga that bitch is gone an look ???? for another nigga 
 To lean on 
 She's a forty ounce swigga, weed smoker 
 Needin to get that shit up 
 Her beer belly overflapping 
 Needin to do some sit-ups 
 She's lazy as can be anll never make no progress 
 So shake that hoe that's all I can suggest, nigga 
 X-raided locc 
 Dott Dogg: 
 Yeah, how do you bitches out there like that? Funky ass hoez! Good for 
 Nothin', runnin' out on a motherfucker when times get hard. Punk ass bitch! 
 Yeah, Dott Dogg said that, sorry ass beatch! [X-Raided: Beatch!] to all 
 You hoes that fit that description. [you know why? 'Cause I'm workin 
 Macaframalama even if I'm in the slamma. Beatch!] 
 I'm that gansta you answer to 
 When I say bitch jump then that's whatcha do 
 I'm a fast talkin' convict, blowin' yo mind 
 I'm workin macaframalama even if I'm in da slamma