And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 X-Raided and ya don't stop... 
 Straight going on a war path, taking niggas out like it ain't shit 
 You can't coup with the X-Loc gone hit 
 A nigga gotta be, don't even try to be a friend of me 
 You just want a piece of me 
 I know what I see through my eyes: 
 I see another black brotha living life streetwise 
 Who's making dollars like a dope man 
 Making money anyway a nigga can 
 Taking your shit and selling drugs 
 Getting drunk, sagging Levi's, looking like a thug 
 Hanging with my miggas at the spot 
 The spot's hot so I'm looking for cops 
 And I spotted one 
 Told my nigga Trip to slap a clip in a gun 
 9 double M, the U-Z-I, you ask me why 
 Cause a nigga ain't gonna die... 
 Like a sucka, I'm going out spraying 
 Letting fools know X-Raided ain't playing 
 Tha Murder, yeah, I got something to do with it 
 'Cause I shoot cha punk ass in a minute... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 Lynch Hung and ya don't stop... 
 People always ask why I act this way 
 I say: 'cause I'm a villain like my homeboy Ray 
 A straight lunatic, a little skitzo 
 A male hoe, a mothafucking psycho 
 Killing punk niggas like flies 
 You piss me off and everybody dies 
 X ain't the one to be ludicrous 
 Any mothafucka I wanna diss I'm gonna diss 
 It might be you if ya on the shitlist 
 Instead of an 'uncle' I make ya say 'triple-six' 
 And make you suck four dicks 
 In otherwords you can get the duck sick 
 And ya better do it good, choke this dick 
 Make me nut real quick 
 20 seconds like a mothafucka 
 It feels good like a mothafucka so, bitch: suck 
 It tastes like chocolate, that's the nickname 
 Doggy style, I'm known to inflict pain 
 Making hoes feel real swell 
 A nigga with a mind like me needs to go to hell 
 Where else can a nigga go? (Nowhere!) 
 In heaven the mothafuckas don't allow psycho 
 Now the book is closed 
 A fool like me killed all them hoes 
 'Cause I (shoot a mothafucka in a minute)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 Yo, pump it up, nigga and ya don't stop... 
 The definition for a skitzo is 
 Strictly killing any tough son of a bitch 
 When I say tough I mean he thinks he's tough 
 I'm kinda fed up, a nigga done had enough... 
 Of this shit to last me a year or two 
 What in the fuck a nigga gotta do... 
 Nowadays to get his point across 
 I don't know, I guess ya gotta get toasted like a salad 
 A ballad of a menace, ya can call this a ten percent diss 
 Ya get pissed but I don't give a fuck 
 Ya wanna squab, yo, what the fuck is up? 
 My nigga Trip got a nine for ya ass 
 Talk shit, mothafucka, and we blast 
 Three sixes' the code that we use 
 I'm killing muslims, baptists and jews 
 And the hovers, fuck the witness 
 Hitting niggas to the triple-six sickness 
 At my house windows are tened 
 Knock on my door: I shoot cha in a minute... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop... 
 The definition for X-Raided 
 Is ruthless attitude towards every delinquent 
 Don't forget the 'X' for 'X-tra' 
 The X-tra as I kicks so nobody steps up 
 To the villain peeping that bullshit 
 I grab the nine and unload the clip 
 Spray every punk nigga on the scene 
 'Cause I'm a lunatic, know what I mean? 
 Don't forget that Triple-Six got the backfade 
 Step up, try to steal, ya get sprayed 
 'Cause I'm not giving up an inch 
 And neither is the mothafucking Lynch... Hung 
 But you ain't dumb, you know what's up 
 The whole Mafia is crazier than a mothafuck 
 We don't give a fuck about the nextman 
 Unless he's down with our clan 
 And if ya ain't then ya got nothing incomment 
 Do like a nigga from Compton 
 And start running a hundred miles to the city I'm from 
 S-A-C, punk bitch, you can't get none 
 I'm from South Sac, we all packed 
 Even that nigga Homicide is kicking raps 
 A title to be welthy and we taking it 
 And if not we'll shoot cha in a minute... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop (and ya don't stop)... 
 Can I kick it? (And ya don't stop)... 
 Can I kick it? (And ya don't stop)... 
 Can I kick it? (And ya don't stop)... 
 And ya don't stop and ya don't stop... 
 And I'm out...