Why are men so weak? 
 I ain't got the answer 
 Any boy can bust a nut 
 Takes a man to be a father and a partner 
 Especially young and poor, makes it harder 
 So we fuck and flee the glee of dicks harder 
 See every man wants to be loved as much as women do 
 But we are men, who we gonna admit it to 
 Especially in these streets when we pose like a killer do 
 When we say they're hoes does that go for our sisters too? 
 And I ain't saying I'm perfect 
 Far from it 
 Chauvinistic pig, but shit, I'm working on 
 From the day I woke up and realised that I hated women 
 Which is dumb, 'cause I was only raised by women 
 And I ain't saying they're perfect they would admit they ain't 
 But they ain't doing 99% of the rape 
 Male supremacy got us thinking it's cool 
 And women are just objects we do things to 
 This is a message to my little sisters (this is a message!) 
 Growing up in this world with no father figures 
 Deep down need that love from a man (from a man!) 
 So she get it anyway that she can, yo 
 This is a message to my little brothers (this-is!) 
 Growing up in this cold world with only mothers 
 Trying their hardest to be a man 
 Gettin' the gram feed the fam only way you can (any way, yeah) 
 If most mothers acted exactly like most daddies do 
 There would be an even bigger bigger bag of homeless youths 
 Runnin' the streets, feeling unloved 
 How many so called tugs 
 That grew up with only mums 
 What if daddy stayed around 
 Showed him what a man was about 
 What if he wasn't 8 when he became the man of the house 
 Where would he be now? 
 Disciplined, smarter 
 Mums wouldn't have kicked him out for lookin' just like her partner 
 Instead when she glance at her son? 
 It's a reminder of the beatings that he gave her 
 How he mentally enslaved her 
 All the while he was abusing she looked at him like a savior 
 But nobody but herself could save her 
 And now her eldest son in and out of the prison and women like his daddy 
 And daughter 15 dropping a baby on the family 
 This is a message to my little sisters (this is a message!) 
 Growing up in this world with no father figures 
 Deep down need that love from a man (from a man!) 
 So she get it anyway that she can, yo 
 This is a message to my little brothers (this-is!) 
 Growing up in this cold world with only mothers 
 Trying their hardest to be a man 
 Gettin' the gram feed the fam only way you can (any way, yeah) 
 Listen 
 What about the daughters 
 We always hear about the boys madness 
 What about the girls born to a dad absent 
 Told her she was the princess, him and mummy fell out 
 Ever since then? quickly just lost interest 
 On to the next piece of skirt with a thin dress 
 Odd, the lessons we learn we don't sin less 
 We leave daughters, just because we can 
 And she after any affection she can have in a man 
 Same type of girl we turn and call a slag 
 I ain't sayin' I never did it I'm just sayin' it's mad 
 'Cause 'cause 
 Been 15 and suicidal sad 
 I don't know what it was 
 Maybe I miss my dad 
 All the things I never had, making me mad 
 In a world that says you don't have? You're basically bad 
 If we have half the parents 
 Are we half the person then? 
 Has it always been like this? 
 Is this the curse of men? 
 But then again, even if they stayed together 
 I don't know if it's necessarily better 
 If they're at each other's throats, or just plain ignore 
 Parents, they fuck you up they do, that's for sure 
 Then we grow up 
 And turn up just like you 
 The question is? 
 Can we break the cycle