Yes, I grew up on the dole in a single parent family 
 Been through a little bit of tragedy 
 Yes I was around drugs and violence before the day that I started secondary 
 And that's part of it not half of it, get the picture, the rest ain't necessary 
 Growing up, got a little caught up, but that ain't even half of my life 
 Also given the knowledge of self 
 That is all we actually need to survive 
 If you saw me aged 9, reading Malcolm just fine 
 Teachers still treated me stupid 
 Students that couldn't speak English, they put me in groups with 
 And the irony is some of the first man to give me schooling 
 You would call gangsters but I already explained, we know what the truth is 
 They used to say 'Don't be like me' 
 Yeah I got a name and dough on the street 
 Night time comes, I can't sleep 
 And that's the part that rappers don't speak 
 We don't hit the road 'cause we are thugs 
 Don't come out the womb, wanting to sell drugs 
 If we got the right guidance and love 
 Would we fight people just like us? 
 How could I knock the hustle to get by? 
 How do you think I ate as a child? 
 Judge no one, done many things wrong 
 I just don't boast about it songs 
 But listen to my older bars 
 I was just as confused as you probably are 
 But you grow and you learn, travel and fuck up 
 One too many man you know get cut up 
 One too many man that could've been doctors 
 End up spending their whole life boxed up 
 You learn, if you study 
 It's all set out just to make them money 
 No cover, it's all about getting poor people to fight with one another 
 So its logical that us killing our brothers, dissing our mothers 
 Is right in line with the dominant philosophy of our time 
 But time is a cycle, not a line 
 Comes back around you regain your mind 
 You be ready for the energy I channel in my rhymes 
 Remedy the pedigree, the jeopardy of mine 
 When the world's this fucked up, lethargy's a crime 
 We can all fight with our brothers over crumbs 
 Far harder to fight the one who makes guns 
 We can all talk shit and get two dollars 
 Far harder to be the one who seeks knowledge 
 If we understood economics 
 We'd know money's nothin' 
 Think nothing of it 
 Money is a means to get wealth, not the wealth itself 
 Don't get confused, I'm far from broke 
 All that you see me do I own 
 But I won't hang what I make around my neck 
 I know from where that the diamonds came 
 But I do quite literally own a library 
 That definitely costs more than your chain 
 And businesses, and properties 
 Far from starvin', I eat quite properly 
 And I don't care, just said it for the kids 
 Who need to know that you're not broke to listen 
 Don't know an asset from a liability 
 They've never been shown or told the difference 
 So they don't change situations 
 Richest man in Britain is Asian 
 That's significant, not coincidence 
 Asian people build businesses 
 Not by flossin/going out shoppin' 
 Giving out their culture for everyone's profit 
 Who run's Bollywood? Indian people 
 Who owns our shit? 
 So we shake our arse and dance 
 As if racism just upped and vanished 
 But has it? No its right on course 
 You're beaten so bad, you're trained to ignore 
 Let me not just make sweeping statements 
 Gimme a second, I'll explain it 
 For small amounts of drug possession 
 There's more black people in jail in America 
 Than there is for rape and armed robbery and murder all put together 
 You can say they're just locking up thugs 
 Imagine if they locked up every middle class kid that had ever held drugs 
 Oh that's right, that'd be your kids! 
 Bigger than that what is going on with this 
 Prison in America's a private business 
 They get paid 50k per year per inmate by the State, just wait... 
 Also legally are allowed to use their prison inmates as slaves 
 Cheap slave labour, big corporations 
 They come out of jail, can't get a job 
 So when we celebrate going to jail 
 We are literally celebrating enslavement 
 Add to that, that the hood that you're livin' 
 Engineered social condition that breeds crime by design 
 Where do you think you get your nine? 
 You can say that they're just black 
 But I like to deal with facts 
 In the 1920s you would've found in America 
 Black towns 
 Prospering centres of economics and education to make you proud 
 But some people couldn't bear that the former slaves would not just lie down 
 So the KKK and other hate groups burnt those towns to the ground 
 Killin' hundreds 
 If it ain't understood 
 You think you were always livin' in the hood? 
 Shit it's only been sixty years 
 Since they hung blacks and burned em' 
 And that was so cool 
 They were your pastors' picnic baskets 
 Even gave kids the day off school 
 To go see a lynching, have a picnic 
 It's fun to watch the little monkeys die 
 Then people act a little dysfunctional 
 You wanna pretend that you don't know why 
 If your colour means you can be killed 
 And you're powerless to get justice about it 
 Is it difficult to figure out how you would then end up feelin' about it? 
 And that ain't excuses 
 Just dealing with the roots of abuses that make a reality 
 Where a generation of young men speak of ourselves as dirt casually 
 That's America 
 This Britain 
 Some things are similar 
 Some different 
 In this country the first enslaved were the working class 
 What's changed? 
 Worst jobs, worst conditions 
 Worst taxed, look where you're livin' 
 You go to the pub, Friday night 
 You will fight with a guy, don't know what for 
 But won't fight with a guy, suit and a tie 
 Who sends your kids to die in a war 
 They don't send the kids of the rich or politicians 
 It's your kids, the poor British 
 That they send to go die in a foreign land 
 For these wars you don't understand 
 Yeah they say that you're British 
 And that lovely patriotism they feed ya 
 But in reality you have more in common with immigrants 
 Than with your leaders 
 I know, both side of my family 
 Black and white are fed ghetto mentality 
 Reality in this system 
 Poor people are dirt regardless of shade 
 But with that said 
 Let's not pretend that everything is the same 
 When our grandparents came here to Britain 
 If you had a criminal record you couldn't get in 
 Yet that ain't protect them from all the stupid, stupid abuses they would be livin' 
 Kicked in the teeth, stabbed in the street 
 Many times fired bombed our houses 
 Put faeces through our letter box 
 And of course the cops did so much about it 
 Daily, up to the 80s 
 People spittin' into my pram 'cause I was a coon baby 
 But of course that has had no effect on why today we are crazy 
 And none of this was for any good reason 
 They were just dark and breathing 
 To ease the guilt now for all of this treatment 
 Constant stereotypes are needed 
 So if I celebrate how big that my dick is, bricks that I'm flippin' 
 Clips that I'm stickin', chicks that I'm hittin', I'm playing my position 
 But if I teach a kid to be a mathematician, messin' with the schism 
 How they gonna fill a prison when materialism is no longer our religion? 
 What do you think we got now in Britain? 
 Just like America, private prisons 
 Prisons for profit! 
 That mean when your kids go jail people make money off it 
 So keep environments that breed crime 
 Build more jails at the same time 
 Market badness to the kids in the rhymes 
 As long as rich kids ain't dying its fine! 
 Get em' to the point where some are so lost 
 They actually believe that if they don't celebrate killin' themselves off 
 That it's because they're soft 
 Was Malcolm soft? Was Marley soft? 
 Tell me was Marcus Garvey soft? 
 Well? Was Mohammed Ali soft? Nah, Nah I think not! 
 But they want us to think that the road is cool 
 Being on road is all we can do 
 We don't control the wholesale productions 
 Who benefits from us movin' the food? 
 Or thinking there's no way out of road life 
 But Malcolm X used to hustle out on the roadside 
 When Marcus Garvey organised more than 6 million people 
 With no Facebook or Twitter 
 Why is this something you cannot equal? 
 Shit! 
 One of my homeboys did a ten straight in the box in yard 
 Now what's he doing? Passin' his doctorate 
 Don't tell me that it's too hard! 
 Who trained you to believe that you're inferior? 
 Sungbo Eredo in Nigeria are the remains of an ancient moat 
 Dug 1000 years ago 
 20 metres wide, 70 down 
 Round the remains of an ancient town 
 That's 400 square miles around 
 400 square miles around 
 Please, please don't believe me 
 It was a documentary on BBC! 
 But we ain't studyin' history 
 Too busy watching MTV 
 And MTV said wear platinum 
 Now everybody wanna go and wear platinum 
 And MTV said pop magnums 
 Now everybody wanna go and pop magnums 
 If MTV said drink prune juice 
 You would start hearing that in tunes soon 
 'Hey! Today I wore my Cartier 
 Is it now more important what I got to say?' 
 Oh and I drive a Mercedes by the way 
 So everybody listen to what I got to say 
 Huh, does that make you all happy? 
 Ah but shit my head's still nappy 
 Think for myself, still some mad at me 
 But on the mic ain't not one bad as me 
 All of this here's good for the rhymes 
 Put us in the same place at the same time 
 And it's clear to everybody that I'm out of my mind 
 Some of these guys are runnin' out of their rhymes 
 Clear to everybody that has got ears 
 I'm the guy that they just might fear 
 They wanna get near but they can't have a peer 
 Ah dear I'm hard liquor you're just like beer 
 Front on the kid for another five years 
 Come to my shows and some cry tears 
 It mean that much to em', it's a movement! 
 I don't speak for myself but a unit 
 Black, white, man, woman, anyone that respects truth we put in 
 Dudes are like no dinner with just puddin' 
 Yeah you're sweet but no substance puddin' 
 You could never ever be with a level on 
 Our songs get out played out there in Lebanon 
 We speak for the people properly 
 Not for the old fat guys in offices 
 And the girls love him, it ain't fair 
 He can't even be bothered to comb his hair 
 Anyway that's enough kissin' my own arse 
 Back to the more important task of being so shower 
 I got half the hood screaming "knowledge is power" 
 And I ain't saying that will change rap 
 But I do know this for a fact 
 Right now there's a yout' on your block 
 With his hand on his cock and his face screwed up 
 Swear he don't care, don't give a fuck 
 That he won't let nobody call his bluff 
 But the words go in 
 Open up your chakra 
 Because once that's happened there's no going back 
 Once you start to see what is really happening 
 Who the enemy you should be attackin' is 
 So read, read, read! 
 Stuck on the block, read, read! 
 Sittin' in the box, read, read! 
 Don't let them say what you can achieve 
 'Cause when people are enslaved 
 One of the first things they do is stop them reading 
 'Cause it is well understood that intelligent people will take their freedom 
 'Cause if we knew our power we would understand that we can't be held down 
 If we knew our power, we would not elevate not one of these clowns 
 If we knew our power, we wouldn't get arrogant when we get two pennies 
 If we knew our power, we would see what everybody sees, that we're rich already! 
 But never mind MCs go run for your mummy 
 I'm hungry, I run for my tummy 
 That's enough, back to worshipping money 
 I'm off, back to the study!