We claim we're lovin' this hip hop 
 Are we ready to understand it 
 In its fullest cultural state 
 Beyond its useless branding 
 Beyond the story that keeps us telling us the common myth 
 People started rapping in the 70's what a bunch of shit 
 Done with the talk 
 I'm lovin' New York for impact in my heart 
 But lets not pretend there was no foundation to this art 
 'Cause KRS-ONE and Bam would be the first ones to say 
 Birth of hip hop runs far deeper within our veins 
 Before Kool Herc came to New York pumping 100 watts 
 Before the Watts Prophets, Last Poets and Gil Scott 
 Before there was Jazz 
 Before there was Blues 
 Before there was Cab Calloway 
 Before the whips the ships and all the tragedy 
 Before we were stripped of Knowledge of our cultural anatomy 
 You could be hip hop for generations you're still family 
 Before there were slaves, fuck the bullshit about slave music 
 You must have had a cultural base to even produce it 
 The schools of Timbuktu they already knew 
 The cycles of the planet and the motion of the moon 
 150 years before Galileo check it 
 And medieval Benin's in the Guinness book of records 
 And all of them cultures there... they had a Griot speaker 
 A story telling musician poet and history keeper 
 Who had to memorise a couple thousand oral epics 
 The tradition still exists today but it could get neglected 
 And hip hop? Needs to be understood 
 In its fullest context not just as a product of the hood 
 'Cause Miles Davis was rich and still played with the same feeling 
 It's that cultural memory go and ask Steven 
 Ella Fitz Gerald scatting's basically rapping 
 If you know we lost our language then you know what has happened 
 So when you hear somebody's rapping? 
 The base of its is African 
 It's not about excluding nobody its just accurate... 
 Knowledge... is... power! 
 Don't let them tell you 'bout yourself 
 Never that's your wealth 
 Knowledge... is... power! 
 If you don't feed your mind how can you live in health? 
 Knowledge... is... power! 
 Don't let them tell you 'bout yourself 
 Never that's your wealth 
 Look around hip hop's becomes this global voice 
 But we must understand its roots so we can have a choice 
 What we should do with it how to use it 
 How to teach our students 
 'Cause Viacom is not our cultural institution 
 But it will use this culture for its prostitution 
 And our destruction, anything but a solution 
 The ghetto dilemma's as bad as its ever been 
 People are dead, just ain't rememberin' 
 Roots of the rhythm and bass 
 (?) Thing is as good as the parts that assemble it 
 Hamlet is writing, we think the pencil is 
 People are sacred, we think the Temple is 
 If I'm uncomfortable you shouldn't mention it 
 I'm superior so watch your sentences 
 Don't disturb my privileged pensioners 
 Living off ignorance of all the members of 
 Every one of all the people we severed off 
 Never one of all the people we're never soft 
 Any gun or the better we sell it off 
 Any sum of all the cheddar we level off 
 Cultural suicide is a necessity 
 To get you to worship celebrity 
 'Cause people with a strong sense of themselves could say that we'll never be 
 When they say that Knowledge ain't for you and your people 
 They're tryna' keep you less than equal 
 'Cause deep down in themselves, that's how they really see you 
 Less based on status 
 Or the places you was raised in 
 Or the shape of your faces 
 Degrees or bank statements 
 So we gotta reject Whatever they set 
 They're never benevolent yet 
 Yet we sit at a desk Collecting a check 
 No need to ever respect 
 Mess coupled by death 
 Tripled by theft 
 Look at the West and the rest 
 Transfer knowledge transfer the power then tell me what is left 
 Bliss? No ignorance 
 It just just his head that is numbing the pain 
 Only the clever shit should ever change 
 Our development towards an aim 
 No bro, push of the chain 
 Training the muscle is training the brain 
 It is the same if you push through the pain 
 Once you are strong you are never the same 
 Your manner your swagger 
 The way that you stand up 
 The way that you work with your boys as a rapper 
 I've seen a killer convert from a trapper 
 To working with yout dem and tellin' 'em man up 
 I am not telling you it will get better 
 But if we are to fight we must keep our jab up 
 C'mon my people stand up