How many lives have we lost to the Maangamizi 
 It's way bigger than the pain that I place on the CD 
 If I told you all the truth would you really believe me? 
 It's the Maangamizi, it's the Maangamizi 
 How many lives have we lost to the Maangamizi 
 It's way bigger than the pain that I place on the CD 
 If I told you all the truth would you really believe me? 
 It's the Maangamizi, it's the Maangamizi 
 Maangamizi, meaning African hellacaust 
 Because we paid a hell of a cost 
 And don't really know what was lost 
 And the process ain't ever stopped 
 Since black civilization dropped 
 Through internal greed and external plot 
 Same ones that taught the Ancient Greeks 
 Greece and Rome helped to bring to their knees 
 Then Islam spread across Northern Africa 
 With slavery and massacres 
 Too many hurt, refused to convert 
 Spread South and West and people dispersed 
 Christianity is not alone in using 
 Race and religion for power to expand 
 Desert caravans took slaves across Sand 
 Where they staged a revolt of the Zanj 
 Enemies always invented mythologies 
 Curse of ham, so-called prophecy 
 After the migration 
 There was some reinstatement of autonomous nations 
 Then floating on the waves of the seas 
 Came a plague, a genocidal disease 
 With arms and heads, they looked like men 
 Really they were just dogs on two legs 
 When they first came some of our people said "Go!" 
 Most welcomed them into our homes 
 We didn't know they had hearts of stone 
 Frozen by Western Europe's cold 
 Also, there were scumbags among us 
 Willing to work for white conquerors honours 
 And with that collaboration 
 Began the largest forced migration 
 In the history of nations 
 How many lives have we lost to the Maangamizi 
 It's way bigger than the pain that I place on the CD 
 If I told you all the truth would you really believe me? 
 It's the Maangamizi, it's the Maangamizi 
 How many lives have we lost to the Maangamizi 
 It's way bigger than the pain that I place on the CD 
 If I told you all the truth would you really believe me? 
 It's the Maangamizi, it's the Maangamizi 
 How many millions dead at the bottom of the ocean? 
 Thrown overboard like property stolen 
 Or jumped overboard rather than be sold on 
 A mother with her baby in arms, hold on 
 What awaited was not just enslavement 
 But a genocidal impulse craving 
 They committed unspeakable abuses 
 To make a nigger from an African human 
 Took a woman ready to give birth 
 Tied her limbs to four posts held firm 
 In a main square made every slave watch 
 Covered her in raw meat 
 Let off a pack of dogs 
 If anyone watching, even a relative 
 Made a sound, kill them for the hell of it 
 This was every day, not the exception 
 The science of gynaecology was perfected 
 On black women, no anaesthetic 
 They said a nigger bitch couldn't feel pain, pathetic 
 Hang a man from a tree cut off his penis 
 Force people to eat their own faeces 
 Put people in zoos, in a cage 
 Chimpanzee, black human, ape 
 And it was upon this here atrocity 
 Europe became the dominant economy 
 Now they play games, pretend it's about names 
 It's a scheme for unequal trade 
 Imagine the largest companies today 
 If all of their employees got no pay 
 For all of the centuries profit was made 
 Black skin was always branded slave 
 Even the child of the masters rape 
 Could be killed or sold because black blood in her veins 
 But the ancestors fought back, got free 
 Probably have not heard of Jean-Jacque Dessalines 
 Probably don't know the Haitian revolution 
 Caused the French to sell half of America 
 Nor know the role that Africans played 
 In the Civil War for that same America 
 If you ain't heard of Nanny of the Maroons or Bogle 
 You probably believe what they told you 
 But if they set Africans free 
 Because all of a sudden they grow a conscience 
 Tell me this 
 Why were the slave masters given compensation 
 And those that suffered not given a thing? 
 Why did they then invade Africa? 
 And make Africans slaves in their home? 
 With the Belgians killing 10 million 
 Souls in the Congo alone 
 Why then Jim Crow 
 Why Apartheid? 
 Why did Black Wall Street burn that night? 
 Why collaborators will work for such evil 
 Willing to be tools against their own people? 
 Why Africom? 
 Imperialism for the new age 
 But with a brown face on it 
 That's right imperialism for the new age 
 But with a brown face on it 
 How many lives have we lost to the Maangamizi 
 It's way bigger than the pain that I place on the CD 
 If I told you all the truth would you really believe me? 
 It's the Maangamizi, it's the Maangamizi 
 How many lives have we lost to the Maangamizi 
 It's way bigger than the pain that I place on the CD 
 If I told you all the truth would you really believe me? 
 It's the Maangamizi, it's the Maangamizi 
 Some will try their best to justify this torture 
 By asking you who the slaves were brought from 
 As if we do not know, tell them "Get the hell out 
 Every genocide ever has had sell outs" 
 And the largest wars of humans 
 Were fought between the people of Western Europe 
 So by your rationale it's cool to kill Frenchman 
 They killed Germans that look like them 
 Absurd right? But when your skin is white 
 Different set of rules you can abide by 
 Dark suffering is not humanized 
 No surprise, we still see ourselves through their eyes 
 Darkies became legally human 
 During the course of our parents life 
 And the freedoms we have only occurred 
 'Cause our ancestors spilled their blood to the earth 
 They changed that much? Are you so sure? 
 The world's darker people still the most poor? 
 So it's our task to put an end to this 
 Even those like me with our heritage mixed 
 If a knife is in your back 9 inches 
 And it's only been pulled out six 
 When the wound starts healing 
 And we stop bleeding and bleaching 
 Can it begin to fix? 
 When the plague of self hate 
 Is no longer a weight so great 
 Push you to kill one another 
 When we put a stop to false charity 
 That gives with one hand and bombs with the other 
 When the IMF and World Bank, along with their puppets 
 No longer strangle our nations 
 When the invaders don't have military bases 
 In so many places 
 When the jail cells are not packed with black backs 
 And the gats and the crack are no longer factors 
 When we celebrate true self-determination 
 Not a few token bit part actors 
 When the truth is told and there is 
 The dignity to remember the dead 
 Because as long as they are distorting the past 
 It means they have the intention of doing it again 
 How many lives have we lost to the Maangamizi 
 It's way bigger than the pain that I place on the CD 
 If I told you all the truth would you really believe me? 
 It's the Maangamizi, it's the Maangamizi 
 How many lives have we lost to the Maangamizi 
 It's way bigger than the pain that I place on the CD 
 If I told you all the truth would you really believe me? 
 It's the Maangamizi, it's the Maangamizi