UK... Stand up 
 Akala 
 It's Not A Rumour, blud 
 All my people, wherever in britain 
 Bro I know the flows cold 
 Let me know that you feel it 
 And I know the roads slow but your ready to kill me 
 'Cause I feel that same pain, hear the lyrics I'm spittin'? 
 Critics ask why I don't smile, they gotta be kiddin 
 Little kids'll blow your head off, just to say that they did it 
 I'm in the streets one deep, these villains think that I'm slippin 
 Nah bruv, I don't care bout none of you spitters 
 If your real then your feelin' it 
 Nah, I don't give a shit 
 Respect the message nigga, illa state records 
 British flag, yard colours cause tell me where my 
 Head is First time you saw me, iwas screamin' fuck the 
 Police' Next I came I change the whole game in the streets 
 These wollys still tryna' catch up with war, I 
 Bang harder, Father, 'roll wid us' huh, iain't even started... 
 Moss side... stand up... Longside... stand up... 
 Hansworth... stand up... Aston... stand up 
 Newtown... stand up... London... stand up 
 Anywhere, everywhere all my people stand up 
 St.pauls... stand up... Chapeltown... stand up... 
 Luton... stand up... London... stand up... 
 Anywhere, everywhere all my people stand up! 
 All my tugs stand up, fist in the sky 
 Girls too... hands high, now your chillin' with I 
 Mr. Brazilian, so of course the womaen is feelin' him 
 Lyrics is brilliant, no question, illa state England 
 I ain't watchin' the states neither, their whole 
 Shit's tired, All the great rappers is either dead or retired 
 All these soppy cunts, talkin' bout bitches n' 
 Blunts, How much your chain cost, and you bustin' ya gun 
 And you can't spit, your sticks, ya get hang a box in 
 The chops, Silly boys can't bang with me, fools can't hang with me 
 I don't really care unless it's paper or my family 
 Home's this is the roads and there's only one 
 Strategy, Though I hate my reality, it's just way it has to be 
 Coventry... stand up Bradford... stand up... 
 Wolftown... stand up... Glasgow... stand up 
 Cardiff... stand up... London... stand up 
 Anywhere everywhere, all my people stand up! 
 Derby... stand up... Leicester... stand up... 
 Newcastle stand up... Sheffield... stand up... 
 Belfast... stand up... London... stand up 
 Anywhere, everywhere, all my people stand up! 
 I talk a lot, but I don't conversate with punks 
 Try so hard to teach but ya man dem are dunce 
 Don't learn when the shit happen 
 Burn when the clap em 
 This is not a perm, but you worms get a relaxin' 
 My reaction, only in a street fashion 
 I am not bulletproof- could get my melon 
 Splattered, So I stay ready, spread positive energy 
 But I know full well couple prars wanna bury me 
 No reason, just cause, that's the negativity 
 How could you be a nigga-not feelin' my delivery? 
 Lyrically, my ability, rippin' up killa's viciously 
 Spitter's that wanna mimic me 
 Stickin' them where the spirits be, huh 
 Pretty boy Akala, move like a ape 
 Skinny, but I push plates, like I'm fresh off a 8 
 Ah mate, so you really should stay in ya lane 
 Only spitter on my level got the same last name