Once upon a time in an obscure part of the Milky Way Galaxy 
 There was a spinning ball of water and rock ruled by the forces of evil. 
 The Devil himself, proud of the magnificent achievements of his children 
 Decided to call a special banquet for the greatest thieves in all the land 
 He sent invites to thousands of the greatest murders, rapists and general-assorted scum 
 Inviting them to attend his palace at the dawn of the new moon 
 Each thief would be given a chance to stake his claim 
 As the greatest messenger of murder upon the planet 
 And the Devil himself would then decide who should be crowned king. 
 After many days of deliberating, all of the petty thieves, such as street criminals 
 Have been found far short of the required level of wickedness 
 And there were just four sets of thieves left in the competition 
 They were: the monarchs of empire, a cartel of bankers 
 The heads of religious orders, and the third-world dictators 
 Each set of thieves appointed a spokesman to give his case to the Devil 
 We have recorded these events for posterity 
 Uh, listen 
 Uh, okay, yo 
 First up was the thief of the worst reputation 
 Dictator of a third-world nation 
 He looked the Devil in the eye as he spoke 
 In an oh-so-serious tone 
 Dear Mr. Devil 
 I am the greatest thief there has ever been on Earth 
 Please tell me who else more than me personifies your work 
 I came to power in a military coup, I murdered the elected president 
 He wanted to use the resources of our country for our peoples' benefit 
 I proved to masters in the west 
 I could kill my own people just as well as the best 
 So I took over the so-called independent country when the foreigners left 
 Sent squads of death to those who would suggest 
 In power should be the one they elect 
 Erected a statue of the great man 
 That raped our mothers, stole our lands 
 That's how little self-respect I have 
 Don't fight slavery, it makes me glad 
 Account in Switzerland, Rolls Royce 
 Murder and rape 'cause I want new toys 
 Don't want a portion, but a whole fortune 
 With that profit, what's a little bit of torture 
 Even outlawed my indigenous culture 
 And language and history 
 And taught our people to only worship colonizers 
 And of course, me! 
 Thief! 
 It's the banquet of the thieves! 
 Come and dine with me! 
 It's the banquet of the thieves! 
 The banquet of the thieves... 
 The Devil was so impressed with this wonderful man 
 He almost ejaculated on his hands 
 But the monarch of the empire said 
 Excuse me, Mr. Devil, I'd like to speak if I may 
 Who do you think trained this amateur dictator to behave this way? 
 Yeah, I'm sure before I came along his country was far from heaven 
 But look of the carnage I caused all over the Earth, it's got to be the work of the Devil 
 Countless deaths, mass enslavement 
 Deliberate starvation of whole nations 
 The dictator tries his best, but looking at me, he's just an imitation 
 Who do you think pays his wages? 
 He would love to be trading places 
 I've been doing this ting on the roads 
 Way back, way back, way back 
 Since the Middle Ages 
 Everybody knows he's a criminal element 
 They think I'm democratic and benevolent 
 And that shows that I'm really devilish 
 'Cause people think I'm heaven-sent 
 I couldn't care about democracy 
 You all know no one elected me 
 The people love me despite my crimes 
 Sucka MCs wanna bite my shine 
 So blingin' out of control you would vomit 
 Don't even touch dough, but my face is on it! 
 Thief! 
 It's the banquet of the thieves! 
 Come and dine with me! 
 It's the banquet of the thieves! 
 The banquet of the thieves... 
 I'm a pervert who's in the cloak of the clergy 
 Yes, I'm a pervert who's in the cloak 
 I'm a despicable character 
 I use my position of authority and spiritual reverence 
 I'm a despicable character 
 Mr. Devil, allow me to speak 
 For all of the religious leaders that leech 
 In the world of creeps, I'm initiated 
 I take the peoples' faith and dissipate it 
 With false promises, hollow oratory 
 Don't need a gun, it's daylight robbery 
 Dear Mr. Devil 
 I thought you would like it 
 How I use their faith in God to keep them blinded 
 Put on a nice voice, read them a book 
 And they believe that I am not a crook 
 Tell them God will repay them in the next 
 They give me their life savings so I can buy jets 
 All the reports about child sex 
 None of us have ever gone to jail yet 
 This system of stealing, so appealing 
 Convinces the victims their lives have meaning 
 Monarchs boast about conquest 
 But needed my blessings to get it done 
 And all of the dictators use my books 
 Therefore, they are just my sons 
 The Devil was sure this was the winner 
 And was just about to put an end to the dinner 
 But then the man from the banking cartel 
 Stepped up and said 
 I think I'm the biggest sinner 
 All of those three depend on me 
 All they ever do is defending me 
 'Cause I paid for all of the things they have 
 Of course, and all of the lives they lead 
 Paid for the guns, bombs and the tanks 
 That's why you see, there is always more 
 I turned science's basic appliance 
 Into a client of weapon and war 
 Paid for monarchies, armed robberies 
 I make monopolies out of property 
 Never shot a gun nor killed anyone myself 
 But billions die 'cause of me 
 Who needs a threat? I make a debt 
 Out of thin air, just sit back and collect 
 Every single day, whatever they say 
 The people need me just to connect it 
 Yet none of them knows what I look like 
 Yet all of them spend my money to look nice 
 They want more, no one's pure 
 I hold the keys to every single door 
 Sell sex and drugs, profit and lies 
 Earth and skies, I'll even sell life 
 I'll even sell freedom for the right price 
 But no one is smart enough to ask me nice 
 So Mr. Devil, give me the medal 
 Don't be biased 
 If you don't give it to me 
 I'll just buy it 
 Thief! 
 It's the banquet of the thieves! 
 Come and dine with me! 
 It's the banquet of the thieves! 
 The banquet of the thieves...