Conform, conform, conform, conform 
 Conform, conform, conform, conform 
 Conform, conform, conform, conform 
 Conform, conform, conform 
 It's bigger than your local colloquium 
 In a world that is dystopian 
 Kid's aren't born in Fallopians 
 They're grown in tubes and inserted growth in them 
 Dust is choking them 
 But this ain't the type of pollution we place in the ocean 
 It's apathy, stench we can't quench 
 Don't matter who inhabits the bench 
 Or wig or gown, hammer or crown, oval or down 
 Jokes on us, we're not even frowning 
 Much less pissed off 
 We're switched off 
 Smiling villainy, the wickedest tyranny 
 Is the one that says fuck you so nice 
 You say thanks, and shake hands 
 Say he's your man, forget all your plans 
 Reach your hand out you see you're in bondage 
 The idea of beauty is blondeness and other such nonsense 
 What our response is? 
 Conform and amputate conscience 
 Conform, obey 
 Transform, sleep easy 
 Conform, obey 
 Transform, sleep easy 
 Conform, obey 
 Transform, sleep easy 
 Conform, obey 
 Transform, sleep easy 
 Ah, that good old human conditioning 
 Ever since days of the pyramids 
 Make us invalid, which means invalid 
 Wrestle with things we can't manage 
 Like peace and equality 
 Which minority is the authority? 
 Whoever has property, it's all idolatry 
 Even if you have no image of God, do you follow me? 
 Do we not all worship money? 
 When you think about it it's quite funny 
 Can't eat money, can't breathe money 
 Can't inject it and kill disease money 
 But we pray at it all till we're guns and tanks 
 And offer the money god a million sacrificial lambs 
 Who's the priest in charge of sacrificial plans? 
 Let us pray and hold hands 
 War is peace - ignorance strength - freedom is slavery 
 Not only do we believe that creed 
 We hold it deep and praise it as bravery 
 Yeah 
 Along with the vision and difference 
 So we can maintain the belligerence 
 To their pain, feel no shame 
 It's all just stages in a video game 
 That our kids play kill, kill, kill 
 Death is such a thrill, thrill, thrill 
 Swallow junk, still feel ill 
 Take blue pill, pill, pill 
 Conform, obey 
 Transform, sleep easy 
 Conform, obey 
 Transform, sleep easy 
 Conform, obey 
 Transform, sleep easy 
 Sometimes I feel like I'm losing my mind 
 I do believe our nature's kind 
 Just confused and we're so far gone 
 Got no clue how to right these wrongs 
 So we bury our head in the sand or the desk 
 Anywhere but inside of our flesh 
 If I looked at my self - I would see I am the enemy 
 I am not honest nor kind nor caring nor sharing 
 Or any of the many thing that I pretend to be 
 I'm selfish and arrogant, and obedient 
 Follow truth only when it's convenient 
 Accept laws that I know that deceive me 
 So I can sleep in my bed easy 
 Don't blame governments, they are just us 
 If they are corrupt, then we are corrupt 
 Look back through history 
 What makes you think that we would act differently? 
 If we were in power 
 We would devour whoever the underclass were like cowards 
 The question is, is this inevitable? 
 Is there good or evil? 
 Is it terrible? 
 Or just survival? 
 Some say it's overspill from days when we were tribal 
 I don't buy that I think you will find that 
 That's an excuse if we just don't buy facts 
 Everything we really need to survive actually makes us feel good inside 
 Sex feels good, food feels good 
 Damn, even taking a pill feels good! 
 So if war and hate were our natural causes 
 Why would we need conditioning for it? 
 But I ain't gonna forfeit my privileges 
 Now I'll get back in line and follow my orders