Familiar scene, street corner, tape and sheets 
 18 put to sleep, talk on the street 
 Till next week when a different face is another life wasted 
 Self-hatred is dangerous, the world see him as a thug 
 But don't understand 
 That a poor black man, ain't born with a strap in his hand 
 Was soft like all children at 5 years old 
 But the cycle and society, turned him cold 
 Pops fled the scene, left mom's on her own 
 To feed 3 seeds alone, so she never home 
 Sweatin' for change, but there's big dough in the game 
 And he wanna be next to push a range 
 So we change innocent, to militant ways 
 Rollin' with the bigger boys, doin' whatever they say 
 But wait these streets ain't got no glory 
 Man rolled up on him, you know the rest of the story 
 Why do we live this way oh lord? 
 Why do we have to live this way? 
 Why do we live this way oh lord? 
 Why do we have to live this way? 
 Look at what we see and go through 
 Of course we're thugs, 'cause of our will to survive 
 Not 'cause of drugs 
 Living in foulest conditions, still breed proudest traditions 
 We speak, everybody listen 
 But we still jealous, when one of us shining 
 Like I'm grindin, why's my man shining? 
 I ain't criticizing, been known to be whiling 
 Just tryna give you food for thought when I'm rhyming 
 'Cause I'm tired of youts' them dyin' 'cause there's no guidance 
 But I won't have my fam cryin' 
 An eye for an eye? That's your science? 
 Cool we're the same then, let's get blinded 
 I'm not in the hype ting-handle ma business 
 If I feel somethings a threat, then that threats missin' 
 Just know that my heart was good and that I tried 
 I just had too much pride 
 Why do we live this way oh lord? 
 Why do we have to live this way? 
 Why do we live this way oh lord? 
 Why do we have to live this way? 
 No matter how we act, we all got emotion 
 Just learn to hide it, it hurts to open 
 The street is a movie, stay in your role 
 If you let it go, vultures swallow you whole 
 But it don't fool me bro, I see things clear 
 Big killers get big years and shed big tears 
 If not at trial, gradually as the years pass 
 The guilt set in like a vice on the heart 
 Reminiscing 'bout the nigga at your side 
 Now he's missin' and no wishin could give him back life 
 That's just life, shit ain't fair 
 Man scream "street dreams', all I see is the nightmare's 
 Locked up, years pass seed dun grown 
 Get murked or hit the pipe, Either way you a ghost 
 And that's reality even though it's crazy 
 Got to change, or it's the same fate for our babies... 
 Why do we live this way oh lord? 
 Why do we have to live this way? 
 Why do we live this way oh lord? 
 Why do we have to live this way?