(50 Cent) 
 New York City, 
 You are now rappin' with 50 Cent 
 You gotta love it 
 I just wanna chill and twist a lot 
 Catch suns in my 745 
 You drive me crazy, shorty I 
 Need to see you and feel you next to me 
 I'll provide everything you need and I 
 Like your smile, I don't wanna see you cry 
 Got some questions that I gotta ask and I 
 Hope you can come up with the answers babe 
 (Nate Dogg) 
 Girl, you seem to love me now 
 Would you love me if I was down and out 
 Would you still, have love for me? 
 Girl, you seem to love me now 
 Would you love me if I was down and out? 
 Would you still, have love for me? 
 (50 Cent) 
 If I fell off tomorrow, would you still love me? 
 If I didn't smell so good, would you still hug me? 
 If I got locked up and sentenced to a quarter century 
 Could I count on you to be there to support me mentally? 
 If I went back to a Hoop-D from a Benz 
 Would you poof and disappear, like some of my friends? 
 If I was hit and I was hurt would you be my side? 
 If it was time to put in work would you be down to ride? 
 I get out and peel a nigga cap and chill in drive 
 I'm asking questions to find out how you feel inside 
 If I ain't rap 'cause I was flip burgers in Burger King 
 Would you be ashamed to tell your friends you're feeling me? 
 In the bed, if I use my tongue would you like that? 
 If I wrote you a love letter, would you write back? 
 Now we can have a little drink, you know a Nightcap 
 And we can go do what you like, I know you like that 
 (Nate Dogg) 
 Girl, you seem to love me now 
 Would you love me if I was down and out? 
 Would you still, have love for me? 
 Girl, you seem to love me now 
 Would you love me if I was down and out? 
 Would you still, have love for me? 
 (Johnny) 
 If I asked these questions would you answer dem back?If I didn't 
 Rap would you think I was wack?If we didn't have money would you stay by my side 
 And promise me that you'll always be mine?Would you be there 
 Everyday for me from 6 to 6?Wait hold up lil mo remix. 
 'Cause I just wanna chill and take a ride 
 Shot gun in ya 7-45 
 Oh baby you know I got ya back, and I need to feel you 
 Next to me 
 We got a baby and you know that I 
 Would have another, man I want ur child 
 Sometimes I really wanna cry, 'cause the love is so good 
 Boy, if you really love me now 
 Can we walk down the aisle? 
 'Cause you, know I'm gonna hold you down 
 'Cause when you was down and out 
 I was still around 
 You gettin' money now, but I still got love for you 
 If you fell off tomorrow you could stay at my crib 
 If you didn't smell so good I still would have ur kid 
 If you got locked up I'd put money on ur books 
 I'd marry you through congical visits and it'd be off 
 The hook 
 You could still keep the hoopty if you couldn't cop a 
 Benz 
 Boy I'd never dip out like some of ur friends 
 If the boys try to get you I'd be by ur side 
 You might flee if I'm set it off and you know I'll 
 Ride 
 If you gotta peel a cap baby, do it papi 
 And if a chick wanna a piece of me I know you got me 
 You have to work at Mciedie's or Burger King I'd be 
 There for you 'cause I know we gotta eat 
 I ain't got too many friends, you know that bay 
 If you use ur tongue baby I'll behave 
 You know I don't drink 'cause I wanna have ur baby 
 'Cause I'm ur girl and them other chicks is maybe 
 Boy, if you really love me now 
 Can we walk down the aisle? 
 'Cause you know I'm gonna hold you down 
 'Cause when you was down and out 
 I was still around 
 You gettin' money now, but I still got love for you 
 If you only knew how I feel 
 Boy you would know that my love is for real 
 21 answers to the questions you got 
 I'll always love you if you got money or not, oh 
 . 
 (Nate Dogg) 
 Could you love me in a Bentley? 
 Could you love me on a bus? 
 I'll ask 21 questions and you'll answer without a fuss. 
 Could you love me in a Bentley? 
 Could you love me on a bus? 
 I'll ask 21 questions and you'll answer without a fuss.