A Baltimore Love Thing 
 Drum roll ... 
 Intro: She loves me, She loves me not - yeah - She loves me not... 
 The fiends need me; I ain't around they bones ache 
 Detox, Rehab, cold sweats - watch 'em shake 
 I'm not that "genie-in-a-bottle"; I'm in a bag 
 Take one hit and slide off to the Land of 'H' man 
 When we first met, I thought you'd never doubt me 
 Now you tryin' to leave me. You'll never live without me 
 Girl I'm missin' you. Come and see me soon 
 Tie your arm up, put that lighter under that spoon 
 Now put that needle to your arm, princess stick it in 
 Relapse I'm back, bitch don't ever try that again! 
 All the shit I did for you I made you feel good 
 We have a love thing; you treatin' this like it's just a fling 
 What we have is more sacred than a vow or a ring 
 You broke my heart you dirty bitch I won't forget what you did 
 If you give birth, I'll already be in love with your kids 
 Listen, I don't give a damn if your ass start smokin', 
 But we have a bond and it's not to be broken! 
 We got a love thing; girl you tryin' to leave me but you need me - can you see you're addicted to me? 
 We got a love thing; I can take you higher girl, fuckin' wit me you can be all you can be (2X) 
 Baby you know on the low your sister been eyein me 
 I'm good lookin', so you know, soon she'll be tryin' me 
 I heard she bisexual; she fuck with that girl 
 But boy oh boy fuckin' wit me is a whole 'nother world 
 After the first night she'll fall in love and then chase the feelin' 
 I hung out with Marvin when he wrote "Sexual Healing" 
 Kurt Cobain... we been good friends, Ozzy Osbourne too 
 I been with Rock Stars - see you lucky I'm fuckin' wit you 
 I chilled with Frankie Lyman, and Jimi Hendrix's crew 
 See, this is new to you, but to me, this ain't new 
 I live the lavish life. Listen, if the mood is right... 
 Me, you and your sister could do the do tonight 
 I never steer you wrong; you hyper I make you calm 
 I'll be your incentive, a reason for you to move on 
 Let's make a date; promise me you'll come and see me 
 Even if it means you'll have to sell your mama's TV 
 I love you, love me back - no one said lovin' me be easy 
 I love you. 
 I got you bare-footed on glass, chasin' a dove 
 That monkey on your back symbolizes my love 
 Your friends talk bad about me bitch... you sit there and listen to 'em 
 Over and over you hurt me, my love is unconditional 
 They talk to you when you up; you down they got nothin' to say 
 But when you call I'll come runnin', I'll always take the pain away 
 They set you up to let you down; they crowned you prom queen 
 They know about me; behind your back they call you a fuckin' fiend 
 Can we just be alone? So I can kiss and hug you 
 Push me inside you. No other man can love you like I do 
 Call me Daddy; I'll make you feel good - I mean real good 
 I find pleasure in pleasing you like a real man should 
 It was written long before us; it was carved in a tree 
 Forever me and you baby, we were meant to be 
 There's more to life than laughter - what brought us together was fate 
 And we'll be hand in hand when you walk through those pearly gates 
 And to see to that, I'ma do whatever it takes.