Yeah, G-G-G-G-G-Unit! G-Unit! 
 It's easy to see when you look at me 
 If you look closely, 50 don't back down 
 Everywhere I go both coast with toast 
 Eastside, Westside, I hold that mack down 
 Every little nigga you see around me 
 Hold a gun big enough to fucking hold shaq down 
 Next time you in the hood and see an ol' G 
 You ask about me, the young boy don't back down. 
 Any living thing that cannot co-exist with the kid 
 Must decease existin, little nigga, now listen 
 Yo mami, yo papi, that bitch you chasin 
 Ya little dirty ass kids, I'll fuckin' erase them 
 Your succes is not enough, you wanna be hard 
 Knowing that, if you get knocked, you get fucked in the yard 
 Youza poptart sweetheart, you soft in the middle 
 I eat ya for breakfast, the watch was an exchange for your necklace 
 And your boss is a bitch, if he could he would 
 Sell his soul for cheap, trade like to be Suge 
 You can buy cars but you can't buy respect in the hood 
 Maybe I'm so disrespectfull 'cause to me you're a mystery 
 I know niggas from your hood, you have no history 
 Never poked nothing, never popped nothing, nigga stop frontin 
 Jay put you on, X made you hot 
 Now you run around like you some big shot 
 Ha, ha pussy... 
 It's easy to see when you look at me 
 If you look closely, 50 don't back down 
 Everywhere I go both coast with toast 
 Eastside, Westside, I hold that mack down 
 Every little nigga you see around me 
 Hold a gun big enough to fucking hold shaq down 
 Next time you in the hood and see an ol' G 
 You ask about me, the young boy don't back down. 
 "This rap shit is all fucked up now! What are we gonna do now? 
 How we gonna eat man? 50 back around" 
 That's Ja's little punk ass thinking out loud 
 Southside till I die, that's just how I get down 
 I'm back in the game shorty, to rule and conquer 
 You sing for hoes and sound like the cookie monster 
 I'm the hardest from New York, my flow is bonkers 
 All the other hard niggaz, they come from Yonkers 
 It's been years and you had the same niggaz in the background 
 You never gonna sell Mitsubishi Tah's and crack child 
 Them niggas they just suck, they no good 
 I ain't never heard a nigga say "they like them in the hood" 
 I'm back better than ever, on top of my game 
 Even them country boys sayin' "50 we feelin' you man" 
 Now stay the fuck outta my zone, outta my throne 
 I'm New York City's own... bad guy 
 Bad guy. 
 It's easy to see when you look at me 
 If you look closely, 50 don't back down 
 Everywhere I go both coast with toast 
 Eastside, Westside, I hold that mack down 
 Every little nigga you see around me 
 Hold a gun big enough to fucking hold shaq down 
 Next time you in the hood and see an ol' G 
 You ask about me, the young boy don't back down. 
 I ain't gonna tell nobody you pussy 
 I ain't gonna tell nobody you gettin' extored 
 It ain't over... G-Unit! 
 I've been patiently waiting to blow 
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the "50 Cent Show" 
 This is my life, my pain, my knife, my gun 
 Now that I'm back, you can't sleep 
 I'm a nightmare huh 
 You hired cops to hold you down 'cause you fear for you life 
 Well you done heard 'bout them guns I done bought, right? 
 I ain't going nowhere, I done told you nigga 
 I'm a G-Unit muthafuckin' soldier nigga 
 They not gon like you 
 I know, I know... haha 
 G-Unit! 
 "Oh, no he didn't say anything about Ja. 
 Okay? Ja is my boo. Okay? 
 Jeffrey Atkins ain't never hurt nobody. 
 And y'all know! Big things come in small packages! 
 Holla! Now, everything was cool until 50 Cent 
 Came back into the picture. 
 They better not put they hands on Jeffrey. Okay? 
 'Cause first of all, they do not know that I am a 12-degree pink belt. 
 Okay? I will dice his ass up like a little piece of celery. 
 Okay? 'Cause see, they don't know me. 
 Delicious, do they know me? Okay, I thought so. 
 'Cause you know that I know karate, and I will see him 
 And I will Jet Li his ass. Whoo-doo!"