Tupac: 
 There's gonna be some stuff you gonna see that's gonna make it 
 Hard to smile in the future. 
 50: 
 Yeah, nigga! Haha! 
 Let's go, nigga! 
 This is what it is: 
 Tupac cut his hair bald, and you wanna cut your hair bald! 
 Tupac wears a bandana, you wanna wear a bandana! 
 Tupac gets crosses on his back, you wanna get crosses on your back 
 Nigga you ain't Tupac! 
 Tupac: 
 Isn't It money and women a funny beginning to tragic endings? 
 I could make a million and still not have enough for spending 
 And since my life is based on sinnin, I'm hell-bound 
 I'd rather be buried than be worried, livin' held-down 
 My game plans to be trained at military mind 
 Of a thug lord sittin' in a cemetery cryin 
 I've been lost since my adolescent callin from Jesus 
 Ballin as a youngsta wonderin if he's see us 
 Young black male crack sales got me three strikes 
 Livin' in jail, this is hell enemies die, 
 Wonder when we all pass, is anybody listenin? 
 Got my hands on my semi-shotty, everyone's snitchin 
 Please God can you understand me, bless my family 
 Guide us all before we fall into insanity 
 I'm makin' a point for my beat bumping warlike 
 Drop some shit to have you stupid bitches jaws tight 
 Till Makaveli returns it's all eyes on me. 
 And you can hate it or love it but that's what it's gon be 
 Should've listened, I told you not to fuck wit me 
 If you can't take the pressure that's what we gon see 
 50: 
 This is a cry for mercy I promise my success will be the death of you 
 Lord and behold you sold your soul, nigga there's nothin' left of you 
 Look in the mirror 
 Ask yourself who are you, if you don't know who you are 
 How can your dreams come true, muthafucka? 
 I sit back and watched 
 You pretended to be Pac, you pretended to be hot 
 But you're not NOW! 
 You seas to a clique, you can't take the pressure, PUSSY! 
 I warn you not to push me! 
 You see me an chills run up your spine 
 God made menace in war, but your heart ain't like mine 
 And plus, they look at me like I'm a menace 
 I was playin' wit guns while your momma had you ??? 
 I'm a nightmare you see me in your dream 
 Wake up and turn on the TV and see my ass again 
 You cowardly hearted you couldn't make it on your own 
 Fuck the Source! I'm on the cover of Rolling Stone!