(Music starts) 
 Intro: (50 Cent) 
 Yo This is 50 on the check in. For real people everywhere... Ja, Suck A Dick 
 Verse 1 (Tony Yayo) 
 Yo its T-O-N-Y, 
 Stay with A Semi 
 Don't ask me why dawg, but I'm herre 
 G-G-G- Unit 187 on your block beware 
 Yayo is my name and the substance that I bag 
 In a cloth, envelope, held up in a rag 
 I'll turn any of you soldiers into junkies 
 I'm the number 1 seller in the whole damn country 
 Ya Heard, that's how I get down 
 Guerilla Unit is here and we up in your town (G-UNIT) 
 Every Gangsta in every hood 
 U Know we up to know good 
 We got the gunz that y'all need 
 We like to smoke on that weed 
 We drive 20's on big trucks 
 And y'all know we just don't give a fuck 
 Every Gangsta in Every Hood 
 Y'all know we up to no good 
 Verse 2 (Lloyd Banks) 
 Yo It's the most hated playa in the history of hoods 
 We G-Unit soldiers man we never up to any good 
 Lloyd Banks hit ya up don't try again 
 I'm not your buddy let alone your distant friend 
 I got nines that are just itching to be blasted 
 And skinny niggaz get it not the FAT BASTARDS 
 JaRule and Irv ain't got no shit on us 
 They just whack ya heard tryin' to crip (get bussed) 
 My gunz are all loaded ready to thrash 
 The future is now we got the whole hood on smash (G-Unit) 
 Every Gangsta in every hood 
 U Know we up to know good 
 We got the gunz that y'all need 
 We like to smoke on that weed 
 We drive 20's on big trucks 
 And y'all know we just don't give a fuck 
 Every Gangsta in Every Hood 
 Y'all know we up to no good 
 Verse 3 (50 Cent) 
 I'm not afraid of the so-called Murda Menaces 
 I'll shoot up so bad leave their faces with twisted grimaces 
 My gun squrts/but man it ain't water 
 I'll Kill all you Homos, you might call it a slaughter 
 Ja Rule you skinny Playa Might need to gain some weight 
 My bullet twists you up leave you to deal with your fate 
 Murda ain't gonna shoot me/'cause y'all don't even got guns 
 Y'all turn hard rap music into playschool fun 
 Enuff candy rap/We straight Gangsta 
 Murda jumped proof, he's not the one with colon cancer 
 Yo fucking faggots/Ain't never seen crack 
 I'll deal you niggaz bullets smokin' back-2-back 
 Now I'm beefin with y'all 'cause you beefin with me 
 Y'all got plenty "gangstas" while I stick with three 
 Don't ever in a song use the words guns, kill, and gay 
 I got the three biggest bodyguards (G, Em and Dre) 
 It's Finished! G-G-G-G- UNIT 
 (Outro) (Tony Yayo) 
 That's It for Murda. Explain it to all your homies in the hood man. 
 Murda has officially ended their career. Ja and Irv are in the coffin. 
 Ashanti's naked in bed. Vitas thrown out. Caddy is dead. Black is dead. 
 Jody Mack ran away. Life's Great. 
 (Music stops) 
 (50 Cent) 
 G-G-G- G Unit! 
 We ain't never scared.