(Dr.Dre) 
 Y'all know me, still the same O.G.but I been low key 
 Hated on by most these niggaz wit no cheese, no deals and no G's 
 No wheels and no keys, no boats no snowmobiles, and no ski's 
 Mad at me 'cause I can finally afford to provide my family wit groceries 
 Got a crib wit a studio and it's all full of tracks 
 To add to the wall full of plaques 
 Hangin' up in the office in back of my house like trophies 
 Did y'all think I'ma let my dough freeze? Hoe please 
 You better bow down on both knees 
 Who you think taught you to smoke trees? 
 Who you think brought you the oldies? 
 Eazy-E's, Ice bube's, and D.O.C's 
 The snoop D-O-double-G's 
 And the group that said mother- 
 Fuck Tha Police 
 Gave you a tape full of dope beats 
 To bump when you stroll through in your hood 
 And when your album sales wasn't doin' too good 
 Who's the doctor they told you to go see? 
 Y'all better listen up closely 
 All you niggaz that said that I turned pop, or The Firm flopped 
 Y'all are the reason that Dre ain't been gettin' no sleep 
 So FUCK Y'ALL, all of y'all;if you don't like me, BLOW ME 
 Y'all are keep fuckin' around wit me 
 And turn me back to the old me 
 Chorus:Eminem (repeat 2x) 
 Nowadays everbody wanna talk like they got something to say 
 But nothin' comes out when they move their lips; 
 Just a bunch of gibberish 
 And motherfuckers act like they forgot about Dre 
 (Eminem) 
 So what do you say to somebody you hate (What?) 
 Or anyone tryin' to bring trouble your way? 
 Wanna resolve things in a bloodier way?(YUP) 
 Then just study a tape of N.W.A.! 
 One day I was walkin' by, wit a Walkman on, when I caught a guy 
 Give me an awkward eye (What you lookin' at?) 
 And strangled himoff in the parkin lot, wit his Karl Kani 
 I don't give a fuck if it's dark or not 
 I'm harder than me tryin' to park a Dodge 
 When I'm drunk as fuck 
 Right next to a humungous truck in a two-car garage{*CRUNCH*} 
 Hoppin out wit two broken legs, tryin' to walk it off 
 Fuck you to bitch, call the cops! 
 I'ma kill you and them loud ass motherfuckin barkin dogs 
 And when the cops came through 
 Me and Dre stood next to a burnt down houde 
 Wit a can full of gas and a hand full of matches 
 And still weren't found out (RIGHT HERE) 
 From here on out it's the Chronic 2 
 Startin today and tomorrow's the new 
 And I'm still loco enough 
 To choke you to death wit a Charleston Chew 
 {*Eminem's vocal turntable*} 
 Slim shady-hotter then a set of twin babies 
 In a Mercedes Benz wit the windows up 
 When the temp goes up to the mid 80's 
 Callin men ladies;sorry Doc but I been crazy 
 There's no way that you can save me 
 It's okay.go with him Hailey (Da-da?) 
 (Dr.Dre) 
 If it was up to me, you muh'fuckers would stop comin' up to me 
 Wit your hands out lookin' up to me.like you want somethin' free 
 When my last CD was out, you wasn't bumpin me 
 But know that I got this little company 
 Everbody wanna come to me like it was some disease 
 But you won't get a crump from me 
 'Cause I'm from the streets of (Compton, Compton) 
 I told 'em all-all them little gangstas 
 Who you think helped mold'em all? 
 Now you wanna run around talkin' bout guns like I ain't got none 
 What you think I sold 'em all? 
 'Cause I stay well off 
 Now I get is hate mail all day sayin' Dre fell off 
 What 'cause I been in the lab wit a pen and a pad 
 Tryin' to get this damn label off? 
 I ain't havin' that;this is the millennium of Aftermath 
 It ain't gon' be nothin' after that 
 So give me one more platinum plaque 
 And fuck rap!You can have it back 
 So where's all the mad rappers at? 
 It's like a jungle in this habitat 
 But all you savage cats, know that I was strapped wit gats 
 When you were cuddlin a Cabbage Patch 
 Chorus 1/2 (after music ends)