High-speed Ferrari movement 
 3rd lane switching lanes, whuddup? 
 Brooklyn, whuddup? 
 Fa'rock, whuddup? 
 While Jay and Beyonce was (Mm mm), kissin' 
 I was cookin' one-thousand grams in my kitchen 
 While Nas was tellin' Kelis, "I love you boo" 
 I was shinin' my nine, ya know how I do 
 I got a fully loaded clip, I be on dat shit 
 I got-I got a fully loaded clip 
 I got a fully loaded clip, I be on dat shit (Yeah) 
 I got-I got a fully loaded clip 
 You wann' problem wit' me? - No problem, it's all good 
 I ain't fresh out the hood, I'm still in the hood 
 Black rims, black henny, nigga see me when ya see me 
 I appear and disappear wit' the heata like Houdini 
 They parry wit' bullshiit - git'cha azz popped 
 Don't believe me - ask Fam, they got his head shot 
 I'm in the cut like germs, I do durrt like worms 
 Smoke weed, now I'm sure, nigga it's my turn 
 I fire on ya azz, dem hollow-tips burn, baby burn 
 I'm screamin' "Fuck the cops!", 'fore I 'round my glock 
 Test my pistol on my bitch, nigga fuck dat box! 
 Dat's how P. got knocked, dat's how jewl got drop 
 But Dre beat dat nigga, go 'head, repeat dat nigga 
 You might learn a lil' summin' if you learn to stop frontin' 
 My nigga look easy on three p's b-p's, rollin' locc-in' 
 I'm runnin' wit' the Dope-man 
 When Jenny and Jumaine was (Mm mm), kissin' 
 I was baggin' one-thousand grams in my kitchen 
 When Puffy just tellin' Cam, "I love you boo" 
 I was shinin' my nine, ya know how I do 
 I got a fully loaded clip, I be on dat shit 
 I got-I got a fully loaded clip 
 I got a fully loaded clip, I be on dat shit 
 I got-I got a fully loaded clip 
 Have the dice game, I'm bet it all, you hear what I'm sayin'? 
 Take grand and I fall betta nigga, I ain't playin' 
 I tryinna git it, holla at me if ya wit' it 
 And lace up the chuckas, wit' can ? mothafuckas 
 My stomach is growlin', they say dat I'm wyllin' 
 I'm doin' my numbas, I'm gittin' violent 
 They hearin' me rap and they think dat I'm playin' 
 Till they see the barrel and they see the flame 
 I need full co-operation man, give us the chain 
 The watch, the ring and the grill - we ain't playin' 
 I fire dat thang, it sound insane 
 Holla, I got dat news candi mayne 
 When Jeezy and Keysha was (Mm mm), kissin' 
 I was baggin' one-thousand grams in my kitchen 
 When Trina was tellin' Wayne, I love you boo 
 She was just runnin' games, she told Buck dat too 
 I got a fully loaded clip, I be on dat shit 
 I got-I got a fully loaded clip 
 I got a fully loaded clip, I be on dat shit 
 I got-I got a fully loaded clip 
 (Outro w/ ad-libin "I got-I got fully loaded clip") 
 Now nigga, lemme show ya whudd I do this right here! 
 Now, the rugger hold 16! 
 I put 16 in the clip, I put it in - I got dat! 
 One in the head, till it fell! 
 I put anutha one in it the clip, I put it back! 
 Let the bullets burn!