(Fifty talkin' to himself) 
 Yo, you know what I want? I want the beat to drop right... now 
 Niggas be thinkin' I'm crazy right? 
 You are crazy... 
 I ain't crazy... 
 You are crazy... 
 Atleast I don't think I'm crazy 
 I think my shit is hot, I think I'm hot 
 You hot but you crazy... 
 Why they want to?..man... I don't know... 
 It's the money that - makes shit get ugly 
 It's the money that - makes these hoes love me 
 It's the money that - makes niggas want to slug me 
 Man... I thought the money would make it all lovely 
 Yo, I actually write what I do or see 
 The felonies from day to day make me say what I say 
 When I die my art will be worth more than Picasso's, don't cry for me, 
 Smile for me 
 And if you see them niggas that wet me, wile' for me 
 Remember the good times, the chips we stacked 
 The clips we packed 
 And all the bricks we cooked from coke to crack 
 Let my tombstone read "I Tried" and from the start everything I wrote 
 Was from my heart 
 So it'll always be number one on my chart 
 I get sensitive with my shit, don't fuck with my art 
 Sometimes it sounds like I'm playin' but I'm sayin' 
 This shit is real, it ain't a game. 
 They say the good die young, I guess these grimy niggas live a 
 Long time, sit in fancy whips, sip champaigne and shine, keep your eyes 
 On yours while I keep my eyes on mine. (Repeat) 
 First it happened to Stretch then to Pac and Big 
 I'm convinced it can happen to anybody kid 
 So I get vest up when I get dressed up 
 In the hood it's messed up, niggas runnin' 'round shootin' shit up 
 If it's Dom that you drinkin' fill up my cup 
 If you got somethin' to doubt me, shut the fuck up 
 Why do niggas act like they hard when they know they butt? 
 And gettin' robbed ain't a good time to press ya luck 
 Duke listen, if you move I'm'a hurt you 
 You'll get your turn to shine later, patience is a virtue 
 Right now what you need to do is gimme the cash 
 Forget about your Boss bein' mad, just save ya ass 
 Be a good Boy now, go and get your stash 
 I seen you throw it next to the garbage can like it was trash 
 All right run along before I shoot ya ass 
 I hate to do this to you but I really need this cash. 
 I know we all gotta go, but I'd hate to go fast 
 Then again I don't think it'd be fun to stick around and go last 
 Man listen, if you really really like this shit 
 Nigga call Steve Stoute and I'll write ya shit 
 Call him now before I drop for real 'cause after I drop 
 I'm'a be chargin' y'all niggas like Forty a pop 
 To each his own, me? I got it while it was cheap 
 Typical mentality, I know, I'm straight from the street 
 1999's the year of the predator, I'm killin' to eat 
 Niggas'll treat you like a egg, you come to cop you get beat 
 Gimme your dough, oh, you wore your jewels? what a treat 
 You're a generous guy 
 Take 'em off or die 
 Man, we hurtin' 'round here, ain't nobody slingin' pies 
 Look around, ain't nobody 'round here fly 
 Why you 'round here with this shit anyway? huh? you high? 
 See, you done made the wrong move, kiss your ass goodbye.