(Phone ringing) 
 (Fifty) 
 Aww man... who the fuck is callin'?.. 
 I don't even wanna answer this shit... Hello? 
 (Man on phone) 
 Whattup nigga it's Black 
 Remember me from way back? 
 We used to go to school together 
 Man, I got your number from Heather 
 She said you sell guns, I got beef I wanna see what you got 
 And if I like it I'll cop 
 (Fifty) 
 Damm nigga, you hot 
 You talkin' like you tryin' to get a nigga knocked 
 What time is it? man, it's fuckin' 4 O'clock 
 I shouldn't sell you shit, but Son, meet me on the block 
 I ain't got time to waste man, where this nigga at? 
 I'm in the Brown hooptie, there he go, I see 'em 
 Pullin' up slow in the BM 
 I popped my trunk to show him what I'm workin' wit' 
 First I showed him the Teck 
 I told him Niggas give these shits respect 
 But you don't want this, Man 
 These shits is known to jam 
 This is a little smaller here 
 And a little more common, 9 Millimeter Ruger 
 16 shots, hollow points will go through ya 
 And this? this here? this is a 12 gauge Mossburg kid 
 Two shots and you can wet like half a block 
 This shit here gets my dick hard 
 It's a Calico, it holds a hundred shots 
 If you can't kill your beef with this you need to stop 
 C'mon, pick somethin' now nigga, you know it's hot 
 (Black Child) 
 Man, stop actin' like that nigga, just show me what you got 
 (Fifty) 
 Aight, nigga look, I got Two 380's 
 One black, one chrome, and 4 Glocks 
 They all hold 21 shots 
 Look, I done been through all my shit nigga 
 So tell me what you want 
 (Black Child) 
 (Click clack) 
 It's hard to choose man, I think I'll take 'em all 
 (Fifty) 
 Oh, you gon' do me like that? 
 I got one more piece to show you, my Deringer 
 I keep it in the small of my back 
 It's a two shot, it's chrome, my initials engraved in it 
 (Shots ring off) 
 Look at you now, you had to get it 
 Your BM? I'm takin' it, shit, you don't need it 
 Park it where I can watch it at and see if it got low jack 
 Then take it to the chop shop to my Man Kojak 
 He gon' give me more cream so I can cop mo' gats 
 Joe and Duke came through, them niggas copped two Tecks 
 Said "Don't go by the gamblin' spot, that shit gon' get wet"