(P-Dap) 
 Yeah, who that? 
 Yeah, yo, whattup, yeah 
 Uh-huh, uh-huh, yo, yo, yo 
 P to the Dap, my brothers, start soloist 
 Situate the jump-off, anything appropriate 
 See me on a hump, I like weed with the coke in it 
 From Wichita down to Queens, fella controllin it 
 Holdin' it, get what I'm supposed to get 
 Check out to check a lot of hoes in it, add another O in it 
 Up to par a nigga loves gleams with the glow in it 
 Twenties on the Caddy truck, ask me how I pose in it 
 Ride past Jake, doin' 80 in the rain, pah 
 Stupid nigga follow me, now we in the graveyard 
 Send dogs to sniff powerful nilli (?) 
 I send 'em back stiffer than notes special delivery 
 Slick City, hawk made, nigga made history 
 Sawdy (?) on the sack, got the Monica Lewinsky look 
 A legend even in Sicily, shit I'm on 
 Got the Feds really wanna into me? Never that 
 (Chorus 2X: P-Dap) 
 (NOW) I'ma hit 'em up, (NOW) lay 'em down flat 
 (RIGHT NOW) what I'm talkin' bout, (BLOW BLOW BLOW) take that 
 (ONE) for the hell of it, (TWO) that's a definite 
 (THREE) better give it up, (FOUR) how I hit 'em up 
 (50 Cent) 
 Niggaz be shootin just to be shootin, I ain't with that 
 I leave you tongue-kissin' my mack, I push your shit back 
 Ferrari F-50 jet black, I'm 'bout to get that 
 Ladies love L.L. but they let me hit that 
 Is it the way I look? Or is it the way I spit that? 
 That got these high-class hoes wanna come and chit-chat 
 Split the paper 50/50? Yeah I'm with that 
 But when I rob yo' ass you can't get your shit back 
 Either I'm ahead of my time or y'all niggaz behind 
 Shit I'm gettin' hotter and hotter, when I rhyme 
 50 Cent, southside, niggaz know how I rock 
 I post up on your block with the glock like a beat-walker cop 
 One nigga stunt? One nigga shot 
 One G in your bank? I got that stock 
 Niggaz go against the grain that, fuck is they thinkin'? 
 I'm bout to jump-start a head open to see what they thinkin', c'mon 
 (Pretty Ugly) 
 In all sides, at the five, I'm tryin' to survive 
 You get cooked alive and dropped off on Kelly Drive 
 My squad's elite, a dozen deep hold heat 
 I'm the board of beat, big like Shanique from up the street 
 Now after dark, the shit starts, I plays my part 
 I see the NARCs stash my coat then hit the park 
 Don't wanna get knocked, for sixty rocks in a sock 
 You know the ghetto's red hot, gots to shot that on my block 
 I keep it strictly business, it's unfinished if there's a witness 
 I take it personal when bitch-ass niggaz start to snitchin 
 That shit gets me flamin, what these niggaz think they gamin? 
 Nothin' but this four 24 aimin 
 West Philly's where I got my trainin 
 I represent the 6 like I'm Damien, it ain't nothin' changin 
 Only way y'all hot if y'all sound like Jay 
 Or somebody from around my way, Philly Philly