Nobody likes me 
 Nobody likes me, but that's okay 
 'Cause I don't like y'all anyway 
 ...And I don't like y'all anyway 
 Fuck all y'all 
 My watch talk for me, my whip talk for me 
 My gat talk for me 
 BLAT! Wutup homie 
 For them bitches who don't know me 
 ...They wanna blow me 'cause the shit I floss wit sayin' a lot for me 
 I came into rap humble, I don't give a fuck now 
 I Serve anybody like niggas who hustle uptown 
 Coke price go up, cats is come down 
 The D's run in my crib, I'm nowhere to be found 
 The bitch who hustle for me, they don't even stash cracks 
 They keep it on em, right there in they ass crack 
 When I don't like a nigga, I don't pretend to 
 I'll have the paramedics wrap your fuckin' head like a Hindu 
 Look, I ain't goin' nowhere, so get used to me 
 OG's look at me and see what they used to be 
 I'm that nigga that sold coke, the nigga that sold dope 
 The nigga that shot Dice when he broke and SO SO 
 The thug, they pop shit 
 The thug that pop clips 
 The thug that went from three and a half to whole brick 
 Nigga ain't in his right mind, goin' against me 
 My picture's painted through words that make a blind man see 
 Straight 
 Murder! (I don't believe you!) 
 Murder! (Fuck around and leave you!) 
 Murder! (I don't believe you!) 
 Murder, murder! (Your life's on the line!) 
 Y'all niggas don't want no parts of me 
 I'm tryna figure out how y'all started me 
 Make me catch her on the late night 
 Pop shots wit the fifth and slide off wit the six 
 I'm not a marksmen while spark it, so I spray random 
 Not a pretty nigga but my moms think I'm handsome 
 I hate to hear "He say, She say" shit 
 Unless he say she say she on my dick 
 It's no coincidence, niggas who fuck wit me get shot up 
 I do a Cali style drive by and tear ya block up 
 You soft dawg, don't be puttin' up a crazy front 
 I stay wit the Mac, 'cause niggas tried to blaze me once 
 In the hood they be like, "Damn, 50 really spitted on em" 
 "You heard that shit?" "Yeah, 50 really shitted on em" 
 Beef, you don't want none, so don't start none 
 You just a small player in this game, play a part son 
 These cats always escape reality when they rhyme 
 That's why they write about bricks and only dealt wit dimes 
 Leave it to them, and they say they got a fast car 
 Nascar, truck wit a crash bar 
 And TV's in the dash, pa 
 See 'em in the five wit stock rims, I just laugh, pa 
 I catch stunts when I ain't tryin' 
 I ain't lyin', I sit Don P till I split up 
 Keep my wrist lit up 
 Get outta line, I get you hit up (Woo!) 
 Now if you say my name in your rhyme, watch what you say 
 You get carried away, you can get shot and carried away 
 Now here's a list of MC's that can kill you in eight bars: 
 50, umm Jay-Z and Nas 
 I'ma say this shit now and never again 
 We ain't buddies, we ain't partners and we damn sure ain't friends 
 The games you playin', you get killed like that 
 Actin' like you all hard, you ain't built like that 
 See me when you see me nigga, (one, one) 
 Y'all people don't want no parts of me 
 I'm tryna figure out how y'all started me 
 You gon make me catch her on the late night 
 Pop shots wit the fifth and slide off wit the six