New York City... 
 You are now rockin' with 50 cent... 
 Are you ready? 
 (Gun click) 
 I said are you ready? 
 See you wit me nigga? 
 Drop dead. 
 (Mumbles:) Paid for a hooptie but I wanted a drop 
 "G unit" 
 "Somthin new" 
 I'm not that nigga in your video 
 I'm not a trick I don't love the hoes 
 And Niggaz know, I be on the low 
 But I miss my dawg 
 And I twist my drawer 
 I'm not that nigga that you think you know 
 I walk around with a big fo-fo 
 You front on me I'm gone get at your dawg 
 I be at rite are your crib, right at your door 
 What up 50? 
 Coming up I ain't have much, but I wanted alot 
 I had paper for a hoopty but I wanted a drop 
 So you know, I had make somthing outta nothin' 
 Like turn an empty spot into a crack spot pumpin 
 I'm so hard at nine-teen I bought a benz, I did. 
 The older niggaz really wasn't feelin' the kid 
 Try to find where I live so they could run in my crib 
 But you can't hustle a hustler I peeped it and slid 
 Back then, Niggaz used to call me bo 
 At six months I told them "Million go tops on Gar-bo" 
 Country came around, hes into clappin 
 Country left, same shit started happening 
 Like "He shot rob for some ends, rob shot joe for some skins, 
 Cory shot drew and we was friends, money turned boys into men 
 The cycle never changes, shit just starts again... 
 "Naw nigga, ain't nothin' changed nigga, 
 Yeah I've been gone for a minute, but I'm BACK!" 
 (Damn 50 it's good to see you back in the hood) 
 You see my cherry red SL nigga I'm doin' good 
 Sometimes I can't find the words to say how I feel 
 So, I take a quote from menace "LOOK AT THE WHEELS!" 
 I'm addicted to stuntin, now that I'm holdin' something, 
 I got a trunk full of guns from VA to? 
 (Oh will you let me hold something?) 
 Nigga you high or something? I don't play games I'm 
 Bout my money nigga buy something! 
 I got a few 5ths, I got a few 9's, 
 Here nigga take one... 
 "Yeah, don't ever say I don't do nothing for you nigga, 
 You know don't say I didn't look out for you. KnowhatImean? 
 But make sure nigga that you go catch some jokes 
 When you come back you gonna have my paper for that thang thang knowhatI'msayin? 
 I don't want it back, don't try to use it then give it back to me 
 'Cause I y'all niggaz now, runnin' around sayin' 
 "50 getting all this rap money and he won't help us" ha ha... 
 Sit tight nigga I'm comin'! You know? New shit! 
 All the shit I put out on the mix tapes is for the mix tapes 
 I got a million... 
 ... 
 OH MY GOD! My shit is so hot right now I'm in the zone