New York City... 
 You are now rockin' with 50 cent... 
 Are you ready? 
 (Gun click ~ nigga dies, WUT UP) 
 I said are you ready? 
 See you wit me nigga? 
 Drop dead. 
 Paid for a hooptie but I wanted a drop 
 "G unit" 
 "Somthin new" 
 I'm not that nigga in your video 
 I'm not a trick I don't love the hoes 
 And niggaz know, I be on the low 
 But I miss my dawg 
 And I twist my drawer 
 I'm not that nigga that you think you know 
 I walk around with a big fo-fo) 
 You front on me I'm gone get at your dawg 
 I be at rite are your crib, right at your door 
 What up 50 (what up.)? 
 Coming up I haven't had much, 
 But I did want a lot 
 I had paper for a hoopty but I wanted a drop 
 So you know, I had to make something out OF nothing 
 Like turn an empty spot into a crack spot pumping 
 I'm so hard at nineteen I bought a benz, I did. 
 The older people weren't really feeling the kid 
 They try to find out where I live so that they could run in my home 
 But you can not hustle a hustler I peeped it and slid (peeped...) 
 Back then, Niggaz used to call me bo 
 At six months I told them "Million go tops on Gar-bo" 
 Country came around, he is into clapping 
 Country left, same shit started happening 
 Like "He shot rob for some ends, rob shot joe for some skins, 
 Cory shot Drew and we was friends," money turned boys into men 
 The cycle never changes, shit just starts again... 
 "Naw nigga, nothing has changed nigga, 
 Yeah I was gone for a minute, but I'm BACK!" 
 (Damn 50 it's good to see you back in the hood) 
 You see my cherry red SL nigga I'm doing swell 
 Sometimes I can't find the words to say how I feel 
 So, I take a quote from menace "LOOK AT THE WHEELS!" 
 I'm addicted to stunting, now that I'm holding something, 
 I got a trunk full of guns from VA to? 
 (Oh will you let me hold something?) 
 Nigga you high or something? I don't play games I'm 
 About my money nigga buy something! 
 I got a few 5's, I got a few 9's, 
 Here nigga take one... 
 "Yeah, don't ever say I don't do anything for you nigga, 
 You do not say I didn't look out for you. Know what I mean? 
 But make sure nigga that you go catch some jokes 
 When you come back you gonna have my paper for that thang thang know what I'm sayin'? 
 I don't want it back, don't try to use it then give it back to me 
 'Cause I y'all niggaz now, runnin' around sayin' 
 "50 getting all this rap money and he won't help us" ha ha... 
 Sit tight nigga I'm comin'! You know? New shit! 
 All the shit I put out on the mix tapes is for the mix tapes 
 I got a million... 
 OH MY GOD! My shit is so hot right now I'm in the zone