If a bitch don't like me 
 Somethin' wrong with the bitch (fuck that bitch) 
 Why... oh why... why... you wanna fuck with me now? 
 Yo Dave, that shit come with the game baby, the money, you know 
 That's how the shit work, you know what I'm sayin' 
 They supposed to love me now baby 
 I'm doin' it now baby 
 Girl, what makes you wanna fuck with me now? 
 I've been wantin' to fuck wit' you for quite a while 
 Is the money makin' you wanna fuck with me? 
 The money gonna make you sell your soul 
 (Verse One) 
 Whoa... if money's gonna make me slam these hoes... then all right 
 Whattup Shorty, I ain't seen you in many moons 
 Talk to me, how's life been treatin' you? good I hope 
 You got a smile that only a fool would forget 
 And a figure that'll leave a nigga droolin' and shit 
 There I was, kickin' my game, pickin' her brain 
 Buggin' 'cause a while back I met this bitch on the train 
 She wasn't feelin' me, I pulled up, she wouldn't talk from the whip 
 Uptown girl, she feel like that's some chickenhead shit 
 But on the sidewalk we ain't play games 
 We exchanged numbers and names 
 I went back to the Range 
 I heard her Girlfriend whisperin' "I know that nigga, he rich" 
 She think I got six whips 'cause me and my Man switch 
 Anyway, her name is CeCe 
 She said she go to BMCC 
 Push a '98 328 with chrome BB's 
 She said she seen me in the Onyx video on TV 
 She liked my part the best, man, this bitch is tryin' to G me. 
 (Verse Two) 
 It's hard as Hell to find a Girl that's really down for ya 
 Type that'll hold down the Tre pound for ya 
 They into diamonds now, to Hell with pearls 
 These trick niggas fucked up, they done gave 'em the World 
 Hey Shorty, why you like me? huh? you like the way I spit? 
 Oh, I hit your girlfriend, she told you 'bout the dick? 
 Nah for real, am I the type that you wanna roll wit'? 
 Platinum iced out, got rid of that gold shit 
 I love my lifestyle, you too, you love it 
 That I could blow Twenty Thousand and think nothin' of it 
 Know you wouldn't fuck with me if I had no ends 
 Probably wouldn't fuck in the whip if it wasn't a Benz 
 I guess life looks different through them Shanel tints 
 Man, I don't care if these hoes love me or not 
 Long as I rhyme hot I'm gettin' head in my drop 
 It goes on and on and on and it don't stop. 
 (Verse Three) 
 One thing you can always count on is change 
 And a rich nigga to come put shit in the game 
 Had a 4.0 then Jigga made you trade your Range 
 Would've felt broke if you couldn't get your change 
 Now it's hard to find us or stay behind us 
 While we on the 900 double R Hondas 
 Watch the cats who flip bricks recline in the latest whips 
 While Penetentiaries stay packed with cats who sling packs 
 All these hoes ain't Madonna fans but all across the World 
 You can find a material Girl 
 I sip Dom till I earl 
 Take 'em two at a time 
 Quick I get in they mind 
 Have 'em thinkin' they mine 
 Bust off then tell 'em "Bust a Uey, on mo' time" 
 I'm like the reason y'all niggas can't eat this year 
 Got your bitch breakin' her neck to peep this here 
 C'mon... uh huh... c'mon 
 (Chorus - repeat 2X) 
 Fuck you bitch! leave me alone, walk on... get the fuck on... 
 Yo, Shorty... tell your friends y'all ain't fuckin' with us... 
 Aww man... look... he ain't mean that shit... 
 C'mon that's just records... niggas is playin'... 
 We wasn't serious and shit...