Clickity clank, clickity clank 
 The money goes into my piggy bank 
 Clickity clank, clickity clank 
 The money goes into my piggy bank 
 I'll get at you 
 My knife cut ya skin 
 I'll get at you 
 Blow shots at ya man 
 I'll get at you 
 2pac don't pretend 
 I'll get at you 
 I'll put that to an end 
 That shit is old, don't be screamin Get At me Dog, 
 Have you runnin' for ya life when I match ya boy, 
 I get to wavin that semi like its legal, 
 A lil nigga hurt his arm lettin off that eagle, 
 You know me, black on black bentley, big ol black 9 
 Ill clap yo monkey ass, yeah black on black crime. 
 Big ol' chrome rims gleam, you know why I *Shyne* 
 C'mon man, you know how I Shyne. 
 I'm in the hood, in the drop, teflon vinyl top 
 Got a 100 guns a 100 clips, why I don't hear no shots? 
 That fat nigga thought "Lean Back" was "in the club", 
 My shit sold 11 mill, his shit was a dud. 
 Jada don't fuck wit me if you wanna eat, 
 'Cause I'll do ya little ass like Jay did Mobb Deep. 
 Yeah homie in New York, niggas like ya vocals, 
 But that's only in New York dog, yo ass is local. 
 Yeah, yeah, get more money, more money 
 Yeah, yeah, get more money, more money 
 Yeah, yeah, get more money, more money 
 Yeah, yeah, get more money, more money 
 Banks' shit sells, Buck's shit sells, Game shit sells, 
 I'm rich as hell. 
 Shyne poppin' off his mouth from a cell, 
 He don't want it wit me, he in PC. 
 I could have a nigga run up on him with a shank, 
 For just a few pennies out my piggy bank. 
 Yayo, bring the condoms, I'm in room 203 
 Freak bitch look like kim, before the surgery 
 It's an emergency, on Michael Jackson, see 
 You'll pitch her and say she looks like me, 
 Kelis say her milkshake bring all the boys to the yard 
 Then Nas went and tattooed the bitch on his arm. 
 I'm way out in Cali, niggas know you 'cause, 
 First thing they say about u, you's a sucka for love 
 This is chess, not checkers, these are warning shots, 
 After ya next move, I'll give ya what I got. (Yeah) 
 YEA! HAHAHA, Y'all niggas gotta do somethin' now man 
 All the shoot 'em up shit y'all be talkin' 
 You gotta do somethin' baby! 
 I mean, I mean c'mon man... everybody's listenin 
 Nigga, everybody listenin! 
 Hahahaha, I know you ain't gonna let 50 do you like that 
 I mean, damn, rep yo hood nigga 
 Nigga you hard, right? 
 Pop off 
 Yayo, get Mobs and them niggas on the phone tell them niggas I said to grip up, 
 Niggas got a green light on these mufuckas... hahahahaha