(Feat. tony yayo and lloyd banks) 
 (Hook: 50 cent) 
 South... siiiiiiiiiiiiide 
 South... siiiiiiiiiiide 
 South... siiiiiiiiide 
 50 cent talkin' over hook: 
 Yeah you know I'm know I'm neva gon change 
 You know, if I was tryna change I probably coulda changed, I'm fucked up man, dats were I'm from nigga 
 (Verse 1: 50 cent) 
 Look at you you lil dirty ass nigga you ain't shit 
 I'm glad you here it or you jus in time to get the bricks 
 Run to da store, get some quaker oats 'n' some o.e 
 Tell how pi gets for me he let you owe him he know me (yeeea) 
 That's they used to talk to a nigga growin' up 
 That's why I give 'em ma ass 2 kiss blowin' up (fuck y'all) 
 Took ma biggest lost at 8, u know wen mommy died 
 I ain't even know wat was goin' on I didn't even fucken cry 
 Man true sellin blow them bonivilles turn to bm'z (whhhhhoo) 
 Some niggas want to b mike but me I want to be him (man lookin' good man) 
 4 finger rang rope chain 'n' medallion (dam) 
 Real bomb bitch wita ass lika stallion (whoo) 
 It's a dream it's a dream it's all a dream (yeeea) 
 I get some coke get some pistols 'n' build a team 
 I'ma b betta than cat yeah betta than preme 
 Ima b the last man standin you know wat I mean? 
 (Hook: 50 cent) 
 South siiiiiiiiiide [x8] 
 (50 cent talkin' over hook) 
 Look at this nigga son! 
 This nigga irv... got on a preme team shirt! 
 And he frm hollis hahahaha (sinister laughter) 
 Hollis niggas don't even like south side niggas 
 Nigga we all under water we don't mix 
 What the fuck is the matta wit chu! 
 Tony yayo (yeah... one more time... listen man) 
 Tony yayo (50 ad libs): 
 I shoot up ya house and burn up ya crib 
 And wen the fire man come I shoot down wit da cig (bbbblaaattt) 
 Ebony and ivory da beam on tha llama 
 Wen it comes to da bricks I cook betta dan ya momma (I ain't lyin') 
 Ain't that ya baby moma? I see her wit da lil oozie (ya) 
 I'm in da piece she wipe me down like I'm lil boosie (wipe me down) 
 Ima a lil woozy I'm higher than heaven 
 I got that haze mixed wit ak 47 
 I need that beckham money 
 I need dat o da money 
 So if you checkin' 4 me, nigga show da money. 
 50 cent: u mean that bigg money... not that lil money... that's ma nigga yay I know he kill for me 
 (South siiiiiiiiiiide [x8]) 
 (50 talkin' ova hook) 
 Niggas make me sick man... sick to ma stomach man...! 
 Every time a nigga get outta line... I put 'em right back in line man! 
 Niggas think jimmy iovine ma boss... nigga fuck jimmy iovine nigga! 
 I'm frm 134 street nigga 
 I ain't got no muthafuckin boss! 
 Lloyd banks: 
 We went frm runnin' down sneakers to runnin' da state 
 I can't die... I got to much money 2 make 
 U got plans then you know were I'm comin' frm ma stomach numb 
 I got 99 problems you want 'em son? 
 99 enemies don't b the hundrendth one 
 Ill become a corpse before I become a bum 
 Life sure feels good under the summer sun 
 In here you got 2 options get a gun or run 
 Ma first car was a spaceship no hooptie 
 Champ hoody 'n' boots no gucci 
 Yayo introduced me fifth scooped me 
 Da floor couped me 
 Now you gotta shoot me 
 50 talkin: 
 I bees da boss of dis shit rite here 
 I said da boss nigga 
 U hear me... da b.o.s.s m.a.n and nigga what! 
 Thow sumthin 
 I'm da george bush of dis shit... I'm not goin' 2 war. but I send niggas to war hahaha[sinister laughter] 
 And I will sit here 'n' veto every muthafuckin act that comes through here 
 U know... I'm thinkin' you know wat I'm sayin' we went frm 50 cent to fiddy to curtis to ferrieri f-50 you know I got a few aliases you know wat I'm sayin' 
 I'm thinkin' next... ill b sam... u know uncle sam hahaaha [sinister laughter] 
 Ima tax everyone of these muthafuckas 
 To come through here... now the music... we need a lil piece of that 
 Everything that comes through... u understand wat I'm sayin'?? 
 Its da unit! 
 Yeeeea