How you gonna take this? like a Man or a bitch? 
 You gon' get it on nigga or you gon' snitch? 
 I represent niggas in the hood gettin' rich 
 Man, I stack chips and I unload clips 
 After 3 Summers in the joint I thought life was hard 
 Some niggas started fightin', some niggas found God 
 You know me, started sellin' leek in the yard 
 Yo, I ran into niggas who used to have Hummers 
 Big as Hell in the joint wearin' '86 numbers 
 Damm Dog, you been in here that long? 
 You could think that, but say that and yo' ass is dead wrong 
 A convo is only three words, "yo whattup" 
 You ain't gotta work out to leave this bitch cut up 
 Let a nigga find out you on some goin' home shit 
 And you tryin' to bounce without payin' a loan, shit 
 Some niggas beat cases on the strength of they cream 
 After the witnesses disappeared on the strength of they team 
 I'm hard as Hell to get along wit' so it never fails 
 A nigga I got beef with end up in the same jail 
 He had a L rolled in bible paper blowin' the lye 
 I sent him a little kite just to be blowin' his high 
 And when I shot you in NewYork why would I box you now? 
 If I catch you in the yard I'm'a ox you down 
 Niggas you think is real really can't hold they own 
 I'll have 'em on some E.T. shit tryin' to phone home 
 In here a gemstar is like a Nine Milly chrome 
 It's similar, infact they'll both split ya dome 
 Scars are souvenirs, niggas always take 'em home. 
 You got blown over the jack? (that ain't gangsta) 
 Your Man ran when you got clapped? (that ain't gangsta) 
 Rockin' a vest with no gat? (that ain't gangsta) 
 You only a thug when you rap? (that ain't gangsta) 
 Niggas jooked you for your track? (that ain't gangsta) 
 You ran to other thugs to get it back? (that ain't gangsta) 
 Niggas ran off with your packs? (that ain't gangsta) 
 If you ain't bustin' ya gat (that ain't gangsta) 
 You'd call me an Animal if you seen me livin' on lock 
 I stay in a box cats be shook when I'm visitin' pop-ulation 
 When I walk by, niggas like "Fifty don't play Son" 
 "Yeah, somethin' really wrong with that nigga..." 
 Max out, I'm goin' straight for the glock 
 Bust a u-turn, I'm goin' straight to the block 
 The things that'll happen if niggas say I can't eat 
 Down goes the window... out goes the heat 
 I'll make the whole block look like a fuckin' trackmeet 
 Some get it in the leg, some get it in the back 
 Some get it in the foot, bleed all over their airmax 
 Nigga pump my packs or pay poor tax 
 It's extortion, it happens in the hood often 
 Claim more lives than choices, free abortions 
 Rich Nice says I got a problem with the dice 
 'Cause I put the title to the Benz on the line twice 
 I rock shit 'cause I stay on that block shit 
 That 9mm Ruger to your knot shit 
 See the difference is I'm real and you not, kid 
 I still stash crack money in my sock, shit 
 Y'all niggas wanna pop shit? I pop clips 
 Leave with your blood on my mink in the drop Six 
 Guiliani and Pataki can't stop this 
 Since '86 my whole clique pop Criss. 
 5-5-1 blllaaap blllaaap! 
 1-3-4 blllaaap blllaaap! 
 What the fuck you know about that?