I roll my good up, In my Khakies 
 Throw my hood up, keep it OG 
 You know me man, I got the hood with me, 
 I got the hood with me. 
 But these bitches get this money, 
 Got my thang up, keep it on me, you know me man. 
 I got the hood with me, I got the hood with me. 
 (Verse 1 - WC) 
 Dub-Cuda, lick, kid or get robbed 
 And over here we the headbangers like the jet squad 
 All raw with the raw flow, shake up the audience 
 Like Mike Vick walking in the dog show, 
 Like Giraffe Dick standin tall over y'all 
 Hangin' with killers like suspenders on overalls 
 Crackin' bottles, swangin and aimin' hollows 
 For niggas in solitary confined into the gang module 
 Clack clock, nigga I keep my shit cocked 
 Don't fuck with me all, I'm in a zone like a ziplock 
 Stay G'ed up, out to get my green up. 
 Blue Chevy, cap back and money like a brink truck. 
 Yellin' to the (?) slangin' sticks like Sheila E 
 Bad bitch on my side, ass like Alicia Keys 
 Feel the breeze, Dub Retire Niggy please 
 Oh the 110 with my Dickies to my knees 
 (Verse 2 - Young Maylay) 
 Breath the fresh air, yes, yeah it's Maylay nigga 
 Big swang and I came with the Connect Gang members, and uh 
 It ain't bright if we ain't light he ain't the shit nigga he ain't tight, 
 You got it fucked up. 
 It's all or nothin', we ball or bustin', 
 Till they put me in the coffin or the car I'm cuffed in. 
 And to my next opponent, don't even rest a moment 
 I'm so West! (Hell Yeah!) But no extra's on it. 
 LA Dodgers, AK, Choppers 
 And the kids at the graves way before they mommas 
 So I rep the hat, yeah you can bet ya that 
 Capital CA man, and check the tat 
 Recognise by the realist niggers give it up 
 Weather they be Crip or Blood, and the one the women love. 
 Angelino for shizzle respected by 
 Niggas who rob in green coats and don't testify 
 (Verse 3 - Ice Cube) 
 I'm an old nigga on the porch, way to big 
 It's a shame how this nigga influenced them kids. 
 Got 'em out there hustlin' and doin' the shit. 
 And he don't do shit but sit an' scratch on his dick 
 And it's not good that the hood is under a spell 
 It's wonder why nigga ain't under the jail, 
 While they treat this motherfucker like the Wizard of Oz 
 'Cause I know what's happening like Re-Run and Rodge 
 I'm a captain yeah the head nigga in charge, 
 Pull Air Force One, up out the garage, 
 I'm the grand poohbah, you're part of my lodge. 
 You mortals better pay, respect to the God. 
 You can cuss more, I'm Mount Rushmore, 
 Now you can sell more, You're still Al Gore 
 Nigga I'm the president, you're just the resident, 
 In my gangsta world, and you late with the fucking rent!