I roll my good up, In my Khakies 
 Throw my hood up, keep it OG 
 You know me man, I got the hood with me, 
 I got the hood with me. 
 But these bitches get this money, 
 Got my thang up, keep it on me, you know me man. 
 I got the hood with me, I got the hood with me. 
 (Verse 1 - WC) 
 Dub-Cuda, lick, kid or get robbed 
 And over here we the headbangers like the jet squad 
 All raw with the raw flow, shake up the audience 
 Like Mike Vick barking in the dog show, 
 Like Jauron Dick standin tall over y'all 
 Hangin' with killers like suspenders on overalls 
 Crackin' bottles, swangin and (?) hallows 
 For niggas (?) to the game, macho 
 Clack clack, nigga I keep my shit cocked 
 Don't fuck with me all, I'm in your zone like a ziplock 
 Stay G'ed up, out to get my green up. 
 Blue Chevy, cap back and money like a brick truck. 
 (?) 
 Bad bitch on my side, ass like Alicia Keys 
 Feel the breeze (?) 
 (?) With my Dickies to my knees 
 (Verse 2 - Young Maylay) 
 Breath the fresh air, yes, yeah it's Maylay nigga 
 Big swang and I came with the Connect Gang members, and uh 
 It ain't bright if we ain't light he ain't the shit nigga he ain't tight, 
 You got it fucked up. 
 It's all or nothin', we ball or bustin', 
 Till they put me in the coffin or the car I'm cuffed in. 
 And to my next opponent, don't even rest a moment 
 I'm so West! (Hell Yeah!) But no extra's on it. 
 LA Dodgers, AK Choppers 
 And the kids at the Grace waitin' for they mommas 
 So I rep the hat, yeah you can bet ya that 
 Capital CA man, and check the tat 
 Recognise by the realist niggers give it up 
 Weather they be Crip or Blood, and the one the women love. 
 Angelino for shizzle respected by 
 Niggas who rob in green coats and don't testify 
 (Verse 3 - Ice Cube) 
 I'm an old nigga on the porch, way to big 
 It's a shame how this nigga influenced them kids. 
 Got 'em out there hustlin' and doin' the shit. 
 And he don't do shit instead of scratch on his bid 
 And it's not good that the hood is under the scale 
 It's a wonder why this nigga ain't under the jail, 
 While they treat this motherfucker like the (?) 
 'Cause I know what's happening like we're running rodge 
 I'm a captain left ahead nigga in charge, 
 Pull Air Force One, up out the garage, 
 I'm the grand (?), you're part of lodge. 
 You mortals better pay, respect to the God. 
 You can cuss more, I'm out rush more, 
 Now you can sell more, You're still Al Gore 
 Nigga I'm the president, you're just the resident, 
 In my gangsta world, and you late with the fucking rent!