(Hook - Corbett and (Saigon)) 
 Will you raise me from the daze? (Saigon) 
 Make me come to life again? (I need all my people) 
 I won't be afraid (Never afraid) 
 With your breath of life inside my heart, today (You don't have to die to be dead) 
 (There's a lot of braindead. But you know what? You gotta) 
 Come alive (We gotta open our eyes) 
 Come alive (Watch me reincarnate) 
 Come alive 
 (Saigon) 
 I heard we 'bout to send the Navy out to Syria 
 And niggas yappin' 'bout some Maybach interior 
 This the way of thinking that made blacks inferior 
 At least wonder, wonder why is that the criteria? 
 If I wanted to get censorship, now look at how big this is 
 You Illuminati in a new Bugatti-guess membership got some privileges 
 None of y'all could be the new 2Pac 
 We ain't hearin' 'bout 2Pac's watch 
 We ain't care 'bout 2Pac's chain 
 Nerve of y'all to say 2Pac name 
 I don't think that y'all got that right 
 Ain't neither one of y'all 'bout that life 
 If I could turn back time, turn back crime 
 You know we'd all be better off without that night 
 Might be better off without that fight 
 The world'll be better of without that sight 
 Pac in the car with Suge Knight 
 Nah, he would've been in the house that night 
 Now it's getting harder each day 
 I don't know what y'all do, but we pray 
 Little riding officer on the BK 
 We start by the park, poverty play 
 Not just the artist, it's the DJ 
 The rider soundtrack to where we stay 
 You ask Jesus what would he do 
 What do you think he'd say? 
 (Corbett and (Saigon)) 
 Will you raise me from the daze? (Think it's time for us to resurrect) 
 Make me come to life again? (We can't be afraid to live, can't be afraid to die. For real) 
 I won't be afraid (We can't be afraid) 
 With your breath of life inside my heart, today (We gotta live. Fight to survive) 
 (We gotta fight to survive. I need everybody to) Come alive 
 (I need all my people to) Come alive 
 (I need everybody right now) 
 (Saigon) 
 I done climbed a mountain, I done swam an ocean 
 You should move before I snap-that's that man in motion 
 People say when they hear me rap that they can hear devotion 
 I swear that this year that I'm back and I'm gon' clear that notion 
 That I fell off, not gon' work 
 That's like saying that getting shot don't hurt 
 I give God the praise Monday to Sunday and I ain't gotta be inside some church 
 Raise my daughter right-she not gon' twerk 
 She marry a gentleman and not some jerk 
 If, by chance, a jerk guy come first 
 He gon' see how my shotgun work 
 You could put me up [?] the culprit 
 We won regardless and we won't forfeit 
 We borderline, never gonna cross it 
 If he on that BS, he best to come off it 
 But you smoke-medicinal purpose 
 Y'all must've forgot what a lyrical verse is 
 Sai coming alive like I did on my first shit 
 Y'all... nah, y'all just worthless 
 [?] Perfect 
 I scribe all my life, I survive the worse shit 
 I ride on y'all before I ride them hearses 
 Swear 'fore God, done found my purpose 
 Now I lay me down to sleep 
 Pray my Lord, my soul to keep 
 By some chance I don't survive 
 I need all of y'all to 
 (Corbett and (Saigon)) 
 Come alive 
 (I need everybody to) Come alive 
 (I need all my people to) Come alive 
 (I need everybody) Come alive 
 (Gotta resurrect. Let's wake up) Come alive 
 Come alive