(Saigon) 
 Uh, how real is, this? (uh-huh) 
 How real is... this? (Saigon) 
 Do it, do it 
 (Curbside Hustle and (Saigon)) 
 My mama thinks I'm crazy (my mama think I'm crazy) 
 My mama thinks I'm craaaaazy (you do) 
 My mama thinks I'm crazy (my mama think I'm crazy) 
 But she don't know a thiiiiiiing 
 (Saigon) 
 Uh, uh, uh 
 Truth or dare. Who should care? Lucifer's near, proof is there 
 Either your gun is a souvenir, or you use it, yeah 
 When you use it, you face the music. Prison-you lose it there 
 How could you compare? Niggas is 20 and they losin' hair 
 Mama said "Brian, I hate to say this shit, but I don't be lyin' 
 The way you livin', I only picture you dyin'" 
 And though I'm defiant, I know the reason why she droppin' the science 
 Know why that's what she implyin'-I know why she cryin' 
 (Curbside Hustle and (Saigon)) 
 My mama thinks I'm crazy (damn, my mama think I'm crazy) 
 My mama thinks I'm craaaaazy 
 (Saigon) 
 Two to the one. I get a gun, you get a gun and do it for fun 
 Mama not believin' there's reasons niggas'll shoot at her son 
 She know I sell smoke but don't know that I'm movin' a ton 
 Hard to find a job, yeah, at least not a lucrative one 
 One of your dude's nigga's gettin' money that's much younger than you 
 You catch hustle fever, your temperature's like 102 
 'Stead of goin' to see the doc, you goin' to see 'Pac 
 Pop was short for popular, gotta supply the B-rock 
 She wrote me when I was in C-block 
 (Curbside Hustle and (Saigon)) 
 My mama thinks I'm crazy (my mama think I'm crazy) 
 My mama thinks I'm crazy (uh, my mama think I'm crazy) 
 My mama thinks I'm craaaaazy 
 (Saigon) 
 My mama checkin' in my bedroom but I ain't there 
 I left a note that said, "Life ain't fair" (life ain't fair) 
 I came back and seen a note that said, "I ain't care 
 Yeah, motherfucker, life ain't fair. I let you live here" 
 The struggles of a single black woman raisin' a man 
 That and poverty obviously go hand in hand 
 Damn! My mama think I'm crazy 
 The funny thing she been thinkin' this since I was a baby 
 Well if I'm crazy, then I'm prayin' that father can save me 
 'Cause my mama? My mama? MY MAMA? 
 Man, listen 
 (Hook - Curbside Hustle and (Saigon)) 
 My mama thinks I'm crazy (my mama think I'm crazy) 
 But she don't know a thiiiiiiing 
 My damn mama thinks I'm crazy, uh, uh-huh 
 (How real is, this?) 
 My mama thinks I'm craaaaaaazy