(Jay-Z) 
 This thing is... 
 (Interviewer) 
 Who's the next hot artist that you would say is coming out? 
 (Jay-Z) 
 Wow... 
 (Interviewer) 
 Just on the scene 
 (Jay-Z) 
 I don't know, man. Uh, it's a couple people that got a shot. I mean... 
 (Interviewer) 
 Like who? 
 (Jay-Z) 
 Uh T.I. has a shot-he has a real shot. Uh, Lil' Wayne has a shot. Fabolous has a shot. There's a lot of... 
 (Interviewer) 
 Someone we've never heard of, though? 
 (Jay-Z) 
 Oh, I don't know... Oh, maybe Saigon. The kid Saigon 
 (Interviewer) 
 Saigon? 
 (Jay-Z) 
 Yeah, yeah... 
 (Saigon) 
 Yeah, Preme ("The kid Saigon") 
 Cocksuckers thought they was gonna buy my soul, for a couple hundred thousand ("The kid Saigon") 
 You know what'm sayin'? 
 Illuminati for a car and a shiny chain, for a watch, a shiny watch 
 Nah nigga, I'm Saigon (Press the reset, man) 
 Never, I'm Saigon (Don't do it) 
 (Saigon) 
 Y'all want me to make up a character and be it 
 That's what I gotta for you people to have to see it 
 Why should I have to get shot in my back to achieve it? 
 Or be dead or paraplegic for these cats to believe it? 
 I breathe it, I done went on the internet and been a wreck 
 Said Rick Ross and 2 Chainz should get chin-checked 
 But then I dropped thirty minutes of intellect 
 That would've been neglected had I not pegged it with disrespect 
 So no disrespect 
 Everybody got they own set of problems-I got dirt I gotta disinfect 
 It's fucking absurd, swerve like I'm huggin' the curb 
 After guzzling couple cups of the Bourb' 
 Pimpin' in the top ten, right behind Rakim 
 In front of Big Daddy Kane-("No, Sai")-I'm only playin' 
 I ain't fuckin' with Kane. But it's a lotta niggas 
 Y'all can name and I tear them niggas outta the frame 
 Bang this in your old school box-this ain't the iPod days 
 This for niggas that had high-top fades 
 This for niggas with the eyes I grazed 
 That rocked shell tops when they was shell tops, "Stocking Caps" for the waves 
 I can take you to the days (What?) 
 'Fore the Greatest Story was Ever Told 
 I was letting 'em Berettas unload 
 Shooting up clubs, gunfire coming from both ways 
 Couple niggas was targets, couple just caught strays 
 Now I said selling coke pays in the Illmatic days 
 Nowadays, they offer you coke-go that-a way 
 Sai's an anamaly (anomaly), family 
 You ain't got the grammar and goin' hand to hand with me is insanity 
 You need to examine me, take a closer look at the crook 
 That the valley and the brook cold cooked 
 Take a look at the work that I put 
 Two albums, some mixtapes and a book 
 And I only got one foot 
 (Saigon) 
 One foot in the door, but I feel I'mma need one more 
 Without that, I am just unsure 
 I wanna give it my all, wanna go balls to the wall 
 But I only got one foot in the door 
 I got one foot in the door (x3) (*with scratches by DJ Premier*) 
 (Big Daddy Kane and (Saigon)) 
 Okay, okay, I see what you doing with it baby (See that?) 
 Yeah, you down in the sprint position and whatnot man (Ready) 
 Waiting for someone to pass the baton in the money marathon (Ready) 
 That's what it is. You know you can't just run with it, you got to come with it (Coming with it) 
 So um, I'll be up there waiting for you at the finish line. Let's go 
 (Big Daddy Kane) 
 You know it's something 'bout that name Big 
 As in me, Small's a pun-we all can gun 
 Remorse is none 'cause we bosses, son 
 And that's the type of shit that you don't see often, son 
 Now line 'em up so I can body all sets 
 I need to rhyme in front of volleyball nets 
 So y'all can catch that shit that it went over your head 
 Yo, what he said can [?] over-you're dead 
 I'm so eager ta just hold heat ta ya 
 Y'all get tough in front of social media 
 I ain't a Twitter thug, nigga-I'm a split-a mug nigga 
 When y'all set the bar, I'mma get above nigga 
 Too much shit here be genetically made 
 And MC's don't give a fuck like, "Forget it, we paid" 
 (These niggas is) Frontin' until they just pathetically fade 
 And that's a new wack rapper in the bed that he laid 
 (Saigon) 
 These niggas dead, Kane. I swear to God they dead. Swear to God, it's The Yardfather, man. I ain't holding back no more on these muhfuckers man. Shoutout to legendary BDK, nigga-Brooklyn's own. Motherfucker, Big Daddy Kane. DJ Premier. I got one foot in the door. Preme, take us out of here the right way, baby. Hip-Hop, nigga 
 (Scratches + Samples - DJ Premier)