It's a crazy world out there 
 'Cause we're getting shot at school 
 People are dying 
 I'm just trying to make it through 7th grade! 
 With all these wars going on 
 What am I supposed to do in this world of trouble? 
 Yeah, I don't know, man 
 It's getting crazy 
 It's a crazy world out there man, for real! 
 It's a crazy world! 
 Ride in circles, google it 
 It's a crazy world, it's life we live 
 In a crazy world! 
 So crazy, the things you see, man 
 You turn the television 
 You look outside your window 
 It's a crazy world out there, man! 
 Look, the other day I seen a little girl acting like a boy 
 Then I seen a little boy acting like a girl 
 People are trying to tell me it's just a way of the world! 
 It's a crazy world! 
 She make you wanna 
 Black boy shot 'cause he was wearing a hood 
 Nobody right even though that we know we should 
 Too afraid to dying, cause of what we was and we would 
 It's a crazy world! 
 Thought that you wanna stop 
 Alcohol killed more people than all 
 So call the legal drugs, put the devil for sure 
 So why you've decided that you could just buy it at the store? 
 It's a crazy world! 
 It's something I can't call 
 The killer and then everybody just mad 
 If he did what's eleged then I'm mad at this fact 
 Question I ask you is what happened to his trust? 
 It's a crazy world! 
 Yeah, we represent war, the first thing you hear 
 It's in the stars the first thing is clear 
 Bombers in the air 
 Make the heart of the peaceful people to persevere 
 But we was raised here, this is all we know 
 It's a crazy world, so you know where I was gonna go! 
 It's the life we live in a crazy word 
 It's enough to make a nigga go crazy, go crazy! 
 Go crazy, make me go crazy! 
 Go crazy, make it go crazy! 
 It's a crazy world 
 Enough to make a nigga go crazy 
 Go crazy, make you go crazy! 
 It's a crazy world! 
 My man hit his cousin in a head with a ball 
 Just so we could take the shit and put it on world stars 
 How would a mother fucker drink, the whole thing is just a 
 It's a crazy world! 
 Beat his home boy 
 White man came and told us he was Joseph Kony 
 Caught him the next week in the park beating his meat 
 It's a crazy world 
 It's just a bunch of baloney 
 And back to the subject out here 
 I wonder what of this was God's plan to just the land? 
 A lot of niggas in college, even more in 
 Cops got the block harder than the flow and the 
 Damn, I just had a baby girl! 
 It's a crazy world! 
 What's gonna happen to her? 
 It's a crazy world 
 In a crazy world, it's enough to make a nigga go crazy! 
 Go crazy, make you go crazy! 
 Make you go crazy, and crazy, and crazy!