When you feel like your life is getting started stagnated 
 You know it's time for a change, said 
 I've been here for too long 
 I gotta find my way out now, lord tell me what's going on 
 I've been here for too long 
 Time is ...remind of myself, there's no right way to do wrong, 
 I've been waiting for too long, i?ma make it right soon, I could do it, 
 I just gotta be strong, I've been here for too long, 
 'Cause I've been here for too long. 
 Come on, 
 Now and never, can't stay in the same situation forever 
 God give it together 
 My cousin?.the other... 
 People use to speculate was it because of ? and just probably gone 
 He used to ... bite his nails?i used to tell them nigga sos fight to death 
 Pinch in their heart, I never thought would listen to the? 
 When I would tell 'em I could be in adittion to the ... 
 To my surprise this nigga want to get a job 
 Now I'll be here ?benefit to? 
 And I applaud and whatever could climb out the hood... I could climb out for good 
 The hood is where the haters ... just to bring some paper ...turn around make track 
 I got a key I ?you could say what you want. 
 I've been here for too long I gotta find my way out now, 
 Lord tell me what's going on, I've been here for too long 
 Time is ...remind of myself, there's no right way to do wrong, 
 I've been waiting for too long, i?ma make it right soon, I could do it, 
 I just gotta be strong, I've been here for too long, 
 'Cause I've been here for too long. 
 ?Too black and too strong, never been here for too long, 
 Never did it right 'cause all I knew was how do wrong, 
 My people tellin' me to cut it out like a new man instead like a new born, 
 Sometimes wanna ... is difficult to ... is different ? is sitting ...stop... time to get move on 
 ?Tryin' to find ? do what a long 'cause the truth is too down like? 
 Like the ... you wanna change for ... 
 I know that ...who says she got his customers smoke ?measure in ... 
 I barely remember ?i used ...and explain how a ...cocaine... head 
 You hear the beat... that's the same ?one night she woke up but ...in the crack out 
 ?Not upon a face... tryin' ? doing wrong... said is just ...it might seem like the? 
 Last night ...thirteen ?I've been here for too long, 
 I've been here for too long, I've been here for too long.