I wonder will you ever love me 
 Will you ever? 
 Will you ever care? 
 When? 
 Maybe after I'm dead and gone it'll get alone 
 Penelope back is the things that I said in my song 
 Hope I did enough right to the dead am I wrong 
 If I was to doubt at the night I am on the clip gone 
 Heaven to hell I don't think that every could tell 
 You see I'm addicted it was start of this medicine fell 
 Left me today with the chemical dependency 
 He act like he guard with his subliminal supremacy 
 Talking like I don't get straight then he can see my faith 
 Wait, you can see the faith but you can't rehabilitate 
 So now right on Sundays I'll be right here on my perch 
 I'll seat across the street and staring at the church it 
 I figure maybe they will love me in my after life 
 And register like they might recognize what I sacrifice 
 For now nigga here with the stat hanging 
 Asking life and in hip hop same game question 
 Oh, oh oh oh, today, tomorrow, right now 
 When will you love me? 
 Oh fall for me sometimes 
 When will you love me? 
 So my curiosity 
 I know a young man who's becoming a gun man 
 Raised by a single mother who makes concern with the 
 And going on vacation, whenever the invitation 
 Was presented, listen your comprehend in a minute 
 See as a mina he had a dream of being that flatted 
 She says she was a sign as a but she ask 
 So we got in the books but that was over look 
 That only one it was love from the one woman it was supposed to pray 
 I'm above everything, she was too busy with niggas have fake and 
 Something she had never dreamed about 
 The transpire, the street took control of this soul 
 Now her only sons to ghetto vampire 
 The hour lakes, stealing and dealing in front of the corner stone 
 Was alone before the boys at the way it wanted the war 
 Quarter put the gun it was jar 
 And the last thing you seen before the flash it was more 
 This last thought 
 Oh, oh oh oh oh oh, today, tomorrow, right now 
 When will you love me? 
 Oh oh, fall for me somehow 
 When will you love me? 
 So my curiosity 
 When will you love me baby? 
 Aha, sometimes all the taste is love 
 For us to rise us above, survive just because 
 You'll be surprised want you the problem 
 When you the problem above 
 The maas is a mud, the heart can't breathe 
 The soul can't carry on 
 It's hard to succeed the rose keep add it on 
 You love some matty, you should show while they still here 
 Tomorrow they could be dead and asking you from a wheel chair 
 Oh, oh oh oh oh oh, today, tomorrow, right now 
 When will you love me? 
 Oh oh, fall for me somehow 
 When will you love me? 
 So... my curiosity 
 When will you love me baby, baby? 
 Rich kid, thank you 
 The beautiful Andreena Mill 
 Saigon 
 Good guy