10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 Drop it. 
 Wow, look at all these women I'mma have a blast here 
 Cause all of 'em know that I made a lot of money last year 
 So that means that you got to really bounce, bounce that ass dear 
 Then, maybe, later, you can get in a position, of a pap smear 
 Stripping's at a all time high 
 If it's based on the amount of dollars that fall, I'm why 
 And the ladies, they love me 'cause I ain't no small time guy 
 So we up in the strip club and a chick just caught N9ne's eye (Go) 
 Mayne this chick got a big butt stainless, and this rump that'll make a brother get up 
 Frame is thick with her ripped gut, strangest thang it jumps I'mma give her hella big bucks 
 In this thang, when it swang 
 Steady steppin' up my spin it game 
 After the spot they wanna go bang with 120 minute mayne 
 Her beautiful face, insane, and yes, her thighs are gleamin' 
 And it's spiritual cause her booty'll exorcise the demons, 
 Hey look at that Bernice Burgos, with that humpin' back, And when she do that dance, ooh that booty doing jumpin' jax 
 (Oh) oh she gotta a body with a humpin' back 
 Lookin' like a workout student doing jumpin' jax, (oh) 
 Baby girl, that trunk gotta lotta junk in that, (oh) 
 Ain't it funny how much money I'mma dump in that, (oh) 
 Jumpin' jax, jumpin' jax, booties bouncing like (x3) 
 Ain't it funny how much money I'mma dump in that. 
 The way she move it seems a little bit appalling 
 Could put 'em on the poles 
 They got that feeling ? and floss 'em 
 Lose 'em like a (pose?) 
 You get 'em in the back wall, in the cut 
 Pin me down, line 'em up 
 Work it till my time is up 
 This is how I creep (Stevie Stone) 
 Felling on my cup cup 
 ? On the ground 
 And the vibe done changed since they came round 
 I got another Goose and the Henny and the Crown 
 And they bouncing off the walls got them jumping all around 
 I swear I love your energy, you gon be a friend to me 
 Your friend can meet my friends and we be friends right now right now 
 Want you to watch your back, Jumpin' Jack 
 If ya see it, cabbage patch 
 Baby ain't got a problem wit' it 
 Did it well and made it clap 
 Tail end down to boogie, climb up on me, sukie sukie 
 Cool, I'm gone spend a little dough, she gone let a nigga know the way she grinding nookie 
 Ha ha ha ha! 
 Got them (talking?) to themself 'cause I know deep down that I wan' get a taste 
 Got a perrr lil face 
 Got shit in the hip 
 To the front and the back and a little bit a waist 
 Your thighs ? let me slide inside of them 
 Them things excite a lot of men 
 Girl you look good you make me say 
 I wanna see if your tight enough 
 See if any one of them is good enough for me to try to 
 Hide 'em up, Divide 'em up 
 She delic' and sweet, put her between my teeth and 
 Bite her muff 
 I'm looking them, thick strippers a big tipper 
 I will, de-liver the big dipper 
 Can Can, been ? sinner 
 ? That 
 That booty bouncing, bo-bouncing 
 Like she doing a dribbling dance 
 I like 'em with so many stretch marks like she wearing some coloroid pants 
 So if you got that "va voom" have ? and bring it to me 
 I'm giving out Loonie Toonies 
 And lookin' for the pimples on the booty 
 I want you to strip it down like I'm looking for contraband, I'm the man 
 Hit the ground, dirty birdy, put that head in the sand 
 Frequently go to the booty house 
 We go cuckoo when the booty out 
 And you, would too, if you knew about 
 What they, would do, when the money out, hey! 
 So I'm giving all my cheques and I'm expecting 
 More than just a kiss and I ain't talking 'bout a peck and 
 We'll have lots of fun and you can come if you get beckoned 
 The booty bouncing like jumpin' jax looking well I (reckon?)