Sick spit, condemn em' 
 Ravishing lateral moment to get em' 
 I'm giving 'em (Raw Talk!) 
 Check my raw talk, I nitpick 
 Ya nimwit, ya bitch lips on rib tips 
 Better get equipped, on crown lit, I pound hips 
 Her legs spread I'm in the mid, the back dip 
 For real, You's a sucka nigga hating on mine, I ain't lying 
 I be laughing at you niggas half the time 
 Half of you niggas is mad 'cause I'm successful at rhyme 
 Other half 'cause your bitches want me she fuzzy inside (Raw Talk!) 
 Suddenly get to speaking, I'm hanging 'round and I'm creepin' 
 You niggas bleaking, I leave your head leaking (Raw Talk!) 
 Mothafuckas gonna rep me, I'm letting this getting 
 A little bit upsetting don't you ever disrespect me (Raw Talk!) 
 We coming, raw talking 
 Sorry your bitch is flocking 
 Spit real shit, I'm a A-Hole 
 Got a problem with me? Put it on the table 
 We coming, raw talking 
 Sorry your bitch is flocking 
 Spit real shit, I'm a A-Hole 
 Got a problem with me? Put it on the table 
 See I'm a wrong little nigga, triple z 
 Too cold to be unthawed, a hundred degrees 
 Below zero, I'm in the booth wearing my winter fleece 
 Long sleeves and ski boots strapped on my funky feet 
 Every day is the same (What?) 
 The same niggas that overlooked you surprisingly want a piece of the fame 
 They need a drop or a shotout for me to mention they name 
 Acting like groupies wantin' autographs and shit they can frame 
 But fuck it! 
 That's what I'm here for, I'm speaking it raw and paving a lane 
 I hopped on a flight to St. Louis to link up with Stevie 
 And fiss 'em to do it them thang 
 I let my nuts hang like a family photo 
 Yelling "Himmi Hyme", word to the snake and bat logo 
 We coming, raw talking 
 Sorry your bitch is flocking 
 Spit real shit, I'm a A-Hole 
 Got a problem with me? Put it on the table 
 I'm raw, vicious, and immature 
 And I've tried to come off humble but it didn't work 
 My attitude can get me under your bitch's skirt 
 If you wanna be able to make it pop like Hop then nigga you better listen first 
 Take a couple notes, look: 
 I ain't bringing up names no more 
 And I ain't finna kill it with the same old flow 
 Bang on my motherfucking head while I'm praying to God because I really hope a halo grow 
 Okay now, don't play round, wack MC's better go lay down 
 I'm trapped in a world that I don't wanna be in but I know that there's no way out 
 I'll take niggas back to the 90's 
 The west coast is where you'll happen to find me 
 I hear niggas up on the radio, I'm like what happened to rapping and rhyming? (Shit who knows?) 
 Not me, fakeness up in every nigga I see 
 I touch a new soul every time I preach 
 King of the new era I be 
 We coming, raw talking 
 Sorry your bitch is flocking 
 Spit real shit, I'm a A-Hole 
 Got a problem with me? Put it on the table