Baptized in soft skin with bitten lips 
 I passed by her lost in the sketchy land 
 Lines of breadcrumbs retrace for the ride 
 Bathed in the blue light of perfect American nights 
 American nights 
 Funny right lovely night song sets pace 
 Young lovers sing along through touch face 
 True love waits in shallow waters under darkened skies 
 Little handcuffs and the solid plans and blacked out eyes 
 We're killing cowboys left and right again 
 With guilty little trips, recycled cans 
 That give me whiskey lips and dirty hands 
 And everybody's got a ribbon all of a sudden and it's a box newsstand 
 All right! 
 Starry eyes, shitfaced lions, planes 
 Let's call the supermodels and all of the fucking vagrant bands 
 And ask them just exactly what they've got planned 
 To save us from our own impending doom 
 They were baptized with soft skin and bitten smiles, bitten smiles all lost in 
 Oh god how you glow, oh god how you glow 
 Meet me here later and we'll make out. 
 They were broke bones, paint chips with bitten smiles, bitten smiles and soft hits 
 Oh lord how you shine, oh lord how you shine 
 Meet me here later and we'll make out. 
 "You ready?" 
 "Yeah I'm ready." 
 "OK, let's go." 
 "1... 2... 3..." 
 Last one rolls from the mall right down Third Street 
 Doing donuts through front lawns, keg in the backseat 
 Pancake pants, pick up, make out, and bleed 
 Mr. Mouth with the largest pockets packed with popcorn 
 Seems to cost me nothing 
 Costs me nothing 
 Costs me nothing 
 Costs me 
 Assholes all obsessed with spelling 
 Sweaty, out of breath from yelling 
 Chase him up and down the ceiling 
 Fuck you bleeding heart 
 Take another 20, buddy 
 All we need is burning money 
 Check, swore I'd laugh at anything 
 They were baptized with soft skin bitten smiles, bitten smiles all lost in 
 Oh god how you glow, Oh god how you glow 
 Meet me here later and we'll make out. 
 They were broke bones, paint chips with bitten smiles, bitten smiles and soft hits 
 Oh lord how you shine, oh lord how you shine 
 Meet me here later and we'll make out. 
 They were baptized, soft skin with bitten smiles, bitten smiles all lost in 
 Oh god how you glow, oh god how you glow 
 Meet me here later and we'll make out.