"You're very beautiful", he whispered at the girl on the beach. 
 "It's amazing how the days just slip away through the unfurling of the weeks" 
 She didn't speak, or even smile or reply, 
 He repeated it again but the waves just swallowed all the words alive. 
 Sandpipers chasing the torn paper edges of the waves. 
 Another gust of wind paints her hair across her puzzled face. 
 One of these days... he's going to escape and change the world, 
 Come back to his hometown with a trophy and a girl. 
 A girl like this with soft hands and a wise kiss, 
 She'll teach him how to dance and dance her fingertips across her lips. 
 But this... this is just another awkward pause, 
 A pretty pair of eyes uncomfortable in front of all his flaws. 
 He feels himself going bald in little bits and patches, 
 Used to spell out love in them but now the letters come out all backwards. 
 His pants never fit him right no more, forgotten how to cook. 
 He used to take the room and run but now he's happy with a second look. 
 "Pardon me miss, could you blow me a kiss? 
 Last night a couple of lovers tossed each other off that bridge. 
 I think I better just call it all quits. 
 I used to run this town but it just ain't the same place that it ever was." 
 He cut his finger just yesterday tracing a slender line in red 
 And watched it drain into the sink, the only thing that's left. 
 A fingertip tipped down and drew another half a pint into 
 A perfect portrait of himself subtle beauty in still life. 
 Everyone asked "Oh no! What happened to your hand?" 
 "Just another accident cutting vegetables I guess." 
 Everything's a trap these days we're all working to prevent, 
 No one ever thinks of escape, just take the hit and bang out the dents. 
 You don't know why he's standing here or how he got this far, 
 Up the beach and out of reach of running rusted car. 
 The waves are louder than a train crashing down upon his chest, 
 He can't be dragged down like the rest and wait patient just for his death. 
 Taking off his hat he steps and brushes her hair away, 
 Kisses her cheek gently and asks her for her name. 
 She bows her head and smiles a bit and takes a shaky hand, 
 He has no idea just what she said with the waves crashing in his head. 
 "Pardon me miss, could you blow me a kiss? 
 Last night a couple of lovers tossed each other off this bridge. 
 I think I better just call it all quits. 
 I used to run this town but it just ain't the same place that it ever was." 
 "Pardon me miss, could you blow me a kiss? 
 Last night a couple of lovers tossed each other off this bridge. 
 I think I better just call it all quits. 
 I used to run this town but it just ain't the same place that it ever was."