I struggle with a lot 
 I make a joke about how normally it's all cleaned up, you laugh a bunch 
 Not at the joke I made, the same line that everyone tells 
 With a poker face in exactly the same damn way 
 Brushing off my feeble attempt to impress, you hand me a smile 
 Drag your fingers across my chest as you enter the mess 
 Drinks are offered, we all explore the nest 
 Sizing up my sanity through pictures and stitches and fragments I collect 
 But I can't help but think 1000 years down the line 
 What would archaeologists glean from the fragments of my life? 
 Walking around the open tomb of number 214-57-07 Gaston Avenue 
 Grand gestures as they pry open the entrance 
 I wish I could be there so I could explain about the messiness 
 And leave them breathless with this postcard, the missing message 
 Wish you were here in this year so we could trade records 
 What would scientists see of my nightmares and dreams? 
 What would they decipher from my most private of things? 
 My little bedside boxes 
 My little notes and thoughts jotted on scraps, receipts, and cocktail napkins 
 Would it all add up? Would they think I'm a king? 
 Or see the truth behind the youth who's too nervous to kiss the queen? 
 Am I as dumb as I think or am I too hard on myself? 
 Maybe just in case I should put a crown on my shelf 
 I realize how long I've been hiding inside the kitchen 
 Too nervous to be face to face with you without enough jokes pre-written 
 I know you get it, you see through my steady hand 
 I turn to see you leaning by the oven wearing a face that understands 
 We share a stretch of silence, my hands strangle sweaty drinks 
 Your eyes are penetrating, I wanna dive inside the kitchen sink 
 I need a stiffer drink, I take a swig and think 
 My brain's a broken glass, shit, I can't remember anything 
 You laugh again holding out your hand I realize 
 I'm still holding all the drinks hostage, damn 
 I'm still holding hostage, damn 
 Our world is falling to pieces, I'm calm and I'm screaming 
 Another step closer, I'll jump, this time I mean it 
 Heavy breathing as the radio does the talking 
 Carrying on a nice conversation with cubes of ice clinking 
 We say nothing, strangely comfortable, amused by something 
 "It's alright" you say, and then you touch me 
 Right there, on the side of my face 
 The softest song, the smoothest lake, it's such a beautiful shape 
 For history's sake, I hope a volcano erupts and covers the city in ash 
 Preserving us in powder, leaving the exact moment intact 
 Forever steadfast, shaped in stone, men of wax 
 What will they think of us after 1000 years pass? 
 How will they judge us? The clothes, the bodies, the drinks 
 What will they deduce from those who're seduced by kitchen sink? 
 And what will it mean to them so far down the line? 
 How calm she made me feel in this embarrassing time 
 What will they glean from this? This mummified still-life 
 That I could kill my friend to keep this girl's hand wrapped in mine