(Feat. Joe Budden) 
 Have you screamin like 6 in the mornin 
 Legs in the air I'm on them hips in the mornin 
 Still feel it in your ribs while your walkin' 
 Sip some cognac [?] contact 
 And I'll put you on a one year contract 
 I'm saying to you 
 Please believe baby Joe that royce 
 Now the game, I took the throwback off 
 He playing witchu 
 Is there any boys around 
 That know how to make a girl feel? 
 That wanna make a girl feel, 
 Make her feel good? 
 All I wanna know 
 Is there any boys around 
 That know how to make a girl feel? 
 That wanna make a girl feel, 
 Make her feel good? 
 I just wanna know 
 Do I have to tell a nigga how to touch me? 
 Do I have to tell a nigga how to hold me? 
 Do I have to tell a nigga when to call me? 
 Do I have to tell a nigga I'm lonely? 
 Do I have to feel wrong, 
 When it ain't strong? 
 Keep my mouth closed? 
 (Huh huh huh) 
 Can't a girl from tha hood find a homie, 
 That ain't just tryna hang around me? 
 Do I have to show a nigga I'm a woman? 
 Do I have to apologize for my emotions? 
 Do I have to tell a nigga what to say to me, 
 Everytime he wanna get next to me? 
 Do I have to set a full cat black case? 
 Stroke 'cause he go 
 (Mmh girl no) 
 Can't a chick from tha hood find a homie, 
 That wanna do more than spend money on me? 
 How come I got a nigga but can't trust him? 
 Why every answer to my question is a question? 
 Why can't my nigga be my own lil somethin'? 
 And every girl on my block can't say they don' bumped wit? 
 I'm so tired of these so called wanna be hard cold pretenders that 
 (Have no clue) 
 Can't a chick from tha hood find a homie, 
 That I ain't gotta tell how to put it on me? 
 Why why is it so hard 
 Hard for a girl like me to find a boy 
 That really knows how to make a girl feel (girl feel, feel) 
 Why is it so hard 
 Hard for a girl like me to find a boy 
 That really knows how to make a girl feel (girl feel, feel) 
 I just wanna know 
 You wanna deal wit' an OG that's truly respected 
 Touch you in every spot that them dudes neglected 
 A dude that won't flirt, a dude put her to work 
 Beat it up till it hurt, she like uh uh uh (Ok) 
 And you're the only one that I really wanna chill wit' 
 I know how you dude to make you feel missed 
 I take the front of ma, show you the realness 
 All nigga really needs is a lil' bit 
 From a hood chick lookin' straight off the runway 
 Won't bite her tongue, shorty'll say what she wan' say 
 From Sunday to Monday 
 She gon' ride whether it's in back of the Phantom or in back of the Hyundai 
 Not the fake baler throwin' cream in your face 
 Or dude that won't fall till he cream in your 
 Or dude to see you walkin' in them jeans and wanna taste 
 I'm who the call when they wanna steam up the place (Joe)