(Feat. Memphis Bleek) 
 Is there any boys around 
 That know how to make a girl feel? 
 That wanna make a girl feel, 
 Make her feel good? 
 All I wanna know 
 Is there any boys around 
 That know how to make a girl feel? 
 That wanna make a girl feel, 
 Make her feel good? 
 I just wanna know 
 Do I have to tell a nigga how to touch me? 
 Do I have to tell a nigga how to hold me? 
 Do I have to tell a nigga when to call me? 
 Do I have to tell a nigga I'm lonely? 
 Do I have to feel wrong, 
 When it ain't strong? 
 Keep my mouth closed? 
 (Huh huh huh) 
 Can't a girl from tha hood find a homie, 
 That ain't just tryna hang around me? 
 Do I have to show a nigga I'm a woman? 
 Do I have to apologize for my emotions? 
 Do I have to tell a nigga what to say to me, 
 Everytime he wanna get next to me? 
 Do I have to set a full cat black case? 
 Stroke 'cause he go 
 (Mmh girl no) 
 Can't a chick from tha hood find a homie, 
 That wanna do more than spend money on me? 
 How come I got a nigga but can't trust him? 
 Why every answer to my question is a question? 
 Why can't my nigga be my own lil somethin'? 
 And every girl on my block can't say they don' bumped wit? 
 I'm so tired of these so called wanna be hard cold pretenders that 
 (Have no clue) 
 Can't a chick from tha hood find a homie, 
 That I ain't gotta tell how to put it on me? 
 Check out my meloody homie this my specialty teachin y'all how to be playas like bill bellamy. A to the letter p Teairra Mari yes its sound so hevenly hart beatin' heavily is ready for me ill make you feel good for sure the sinsation like blowin' rubben alcohol. Afterall these other dude is let downs got you walkin' round your house rollers in ur sweats now, no need for stress now ask about me they'll tell you how I get down some bad mouth me cause baby girl had a good feeling 'bout us and trust it was a good feelin' till I bust. after that I gotta go tell her no no mayb no baby and she chasen A.A.P now she after me cause of my stratigy that's the way it has to be ask for me it feel good don't it 
 Why why is it so hard 
 Hard for a girl like me to find a boy 
 That really knows how to make a girl feel (girl feel, feel) 
 Why is it so hard 
 Hard for a girl like me to find a boy 
 That really knows how to make a girl feel (girl feel, feel) 
 I just wanna know