Chops on the track. 
 Damn I'm Cold. Damn I'm Cold. 
 Damn I'm Cold. Damn I'm Cold. 
 Lil' Wayne: 
 See when I got Mercedes money, I went and got a Mercedes 
 When I got that Bentley money, I went and got that Bentley 
 Now if ye ain't help me make it, don't tell me how to spend it 
 And yes I know the rules, never marry Robin Givens 
 Mice'll run all over bitches, so we call them bitches cheeseheads 
 Lambeau leap in that pussy like in Green Bay 
 Lambo' suite look like sugar on the freeawy 
 And I'm "Ridin' Dirty" 'cause I'm so UGK 
 1 2 3 wait .44 makes 8 
 9 times out of 10 it's 11 or a 12 gauge 
 Friday the 13th, that's the day that hell raise 
 But y'all boys too weak, like 14 days 
 I'm so clean. Why wouldn't I be? 
 I be with Ben Frank' so much he's startin' to look like me 
 I'm a smoke my weed & I don't wanna smoke yours 
 And I pour a 4 every time I pour. 
 Lil' Wayne: 
 Like, is you sayin' somethin' bitch? 
 If ye ain't talkin' 'about us, we ain't talkin' 'about shit 
 I woke up this morning, eyes half closed 
 I looked into the mirror and said "Damn I'm Cold" 
 Damn I'm Cold and my hoes 
 Pimp shit nigga keep payin' my hoes 
 Damn I'm Cold, man I'm throwed 
 I said "Damn I'm Cold, hot Damn I'm Cold". 
 Bun B: 
 See when I got that slab money I put the Rivvy on blades 
 When I got that 'llac money I candied the Escalade 
 Got that Screw in my deck, a house or 2 on my neck 
 A couple cars on my wrist and bitch I'm ready to wreck 
 We 'about to do this for Pimp C, so pass me a bottle 
 I'm 'about to pop the top on it like a slab or a model 
 Turn it upside down then pour it out for my little bro 
 Then pass me another one so I can pour out a little more 
 Fresher than ozium, cleaner than wax flows 
 I'm, slick as linoleum, swingin' them 'llac do's 
 Them, Franklin's you foldin' yeah we tryin' to stack those 
 So fo' you play the role you need to learn how to act, hoe 
 Swangers who' crank 4's & tip nin trunks who bang 
 Haters get back and hoes'll flip with nuts who hang 
 It ain't a thing, make #1's & ever will 
 I put that on my life, Bun Beeda forever Trill, for real. 
 Lil' Wayne: 
 Yeah, fuckin' right all right 
 Goin' at your neck like a barkin' dog bites 
 I woke up this morning, eyes half closed 
 Looked into the mirror and said "Damn I'm Cold" 
 Damn I'm Cold and my hoes 
 Pimp shit nigga keep payin' my hoes 
 Damn I'm Cold, man I'm throwed 
 I said "Damn I'm Cold, hot Damn I'm Cold". 
 Bun B: 
 Is it the ice in the piece or the ice in the chains? 
 Is it the ice in the watch or the ice in the Range? 
 Or the bracelet, face it, you feel the chill in yo' veins. 
 Could it be from Bun Beda or that boy Lil' Wayne? 
 Lil' Wayne: 
 Or could it be the 2 seater on them things? 
 Got on a couple gold chains so dang-a-dang 
 I swang and bang from lane to lane 
 Yeah, it's gettin' hot and you startin' to feel the flame 
 Bun. 
 Bun B: 
 It's gettin' brick and you startin' to feel the breeze 
 And the temperature's goin' down, best to get you some sleeves 
 And you best to get you some G's 'fore you lose your control 
 And we turn your whole neighborhood into the North Pale. 
 Lil' Wayne: 
 Like brrrrrrrrr, machine gun, brrrrrrrrrr 
 I am a beast grrrrrrr, money machine, brrrrr 
 F U C K C O P's 
 I say I know when they say freeze! 
 Yeah! 
 Lil' Wayne: 
 Okay, you already knew 
 No pussies, no rats, no Tom and Jerry show 
 And I woke up this morning eyes half closed 
 Looked into the mirror like "Damn I'm Cold" 
 Oh Damn I'm Cold and my hoes 
 Damn I'm Cold, man I'm throwed 
 I said "Damn I'm Cold, hot Damn I'm Cold". 
 This has been a Chops production.