J. Prince: 
 Ah yeah. What's up pimp? I feel your presence right now 
 Yo Bun. You know many are called and few are chosen 
 You the chosen one, my nigga, the future president, congratulations 
 By the way I need you to send a Trill message to some 
 And a subliminal one to others about this throwin' rocks and then hidin' your hand business. 
 Please let 'em know that we gon' give them what they ask for. 
 Bun B: 
 Man I'm too hard for all of you soft niggas 
 Too real for most of you lames 
 Too raw to be in this rap shit and the streets is the same 
 Too throwed off in this game, too true to my hood 
 I'm too down to get down so let's get it understood 
 Too bad to be good, too golden not glisten 
 Too focused for fuck boys to fuck off my mission 
 Too smart not to listen when G's pull my coat 
 'About them white folks that's listenin' and watchin' my boat 
 That's real shit you can quote I'm too gangsta too street 
 So don't run up too fast 'cause I'm too strapped with that heat 
 I'm too dirty to be me too gorilla to be monkey 
 Too fly to stay grounded too fresh to be funky 
 Too many licks for junkies, too much work for flippers 
 Too much dro for smokers, too much amp for dippers 
 No need for you to trip 'cause we bring too much drama 
 Got too many killers put that on my mama 
 I'm II Trill. 
 (Hook: Z-Ro) 
 I'm II Trill, too too too real 
 All about my dollar bills and even if I tried 
 I could never fall off too much money on my mind 
 I'm II Trill, too too too real 
 Hard as penitentiary steel it's simple and plain 
 If I retired you young'uns wouldn't know what to do with the game. 
 Bun B: 
 And I'm too serious for this play playin' it's too much bread to make 
 For me to fuck of my time with these cats that's too fake 
 I done seen too many wakes, sent too many to them 
 Your homeboy can get it I'm to ready to do it 
 Too many guns I can pull, too many slugs I can bust 
 Leave yo' brain matter, bone fragments and dick up in the dust 
 Too many niggas I done crushed to let yo' bitch ass come try me 
 That smart game got gun play you'll be screamin' why me 
 Too close don't get by me, you too prone to tell 
 'About these bodies we catchin' this dope that we sell 
 You too weak, mayne too frail, too light off in yo' britches 
 You too much dick ridin' mayne you worse than these bitches 
 Too many snitches that you breakin' bread wit 
 You too close to police, boy you on some fed shit 
 So you can go head with that sale, we won't' buy 
 I'm too smart for all that dumb shit you know but boys try. 
 I'm II Trill. 
 (Hook: Z-Ro) 
 I'm II Trill, too too too real 
 All about my dollar bills and even if I tried 
 I could never fall off too much money on my mind 
 I'm II Trill, too too too real 
 Hard as penitentiary steel it's simple and plain 
 If I retired you young'uns wouldn't know what to do with the game. 
 Bun B: 
 And I'm too sick of all this sweet shit 'cause I'm seein' too much smilin' 
 Too much fuck ass posin' too much punk ass profilin' 
 Too many niggas be frontin' like they got the town on lock 
 With too much money in the bank and too many hoes is on they jock 
 But you smoke too many of them rocks that you claimin' you done sold 
 I done been out on them blocks and you ain't got too much control 
 Man yo' workers ain't that cold, they some hoes more or lesser 
 And they too ready to fold 'cause they can't take too much pressure. 
 Do we mash on them? Yes sir they in violation, go get 'em 
 It won't be too long before we mop up the flow with 'em 
 It's rap-a-lot for life we done been here too long 
 To let these haters bring us down we too right they too wrong 
 I'm too black and too strong to go out like a punk 
 Too ready for the ruckus too close to my trunk 
 We can pop or we can jump we can blast or we can go 
 From the shoulders bitch I tried to told you but if you ain't know 
 I'm II Trill. 
 "II Trill, II..."