R.I.P. Guru 
 GangStarr 4 Life 
 Goddamn, Primo! 
 Long time comin', baby 
 History in the making 
 It's goin' down, talk to 'em, Preem 
 (DJ Premier cuts and scratches) 
 "Say, this here, Pimp C 
 We fuckin' wit Primo, it-it-it's, it's goin' down, baby" 
 "My mic is loud and my production is tight" - [Big L] 
 "We run shit!" "I ain't playin' witchu!" 
 Okay, Bun is on the mic, Premier's on the track 
 The South is in the house, now what can fuck wit that? 
 And what can fuck wit this? I take shots and don't fuckin' miss 
 First on your baby mama bucket list 
 You on some sucka shit, might as well suck a dick 
 'Cause you bein a bitch just for the fuck of it 
 And when I fuckin' spit, niggaz get to tuckin shit 
 Tryna duck down wherever they can fuckin' get 
 They better ask somebody 
 'Fore I have Big Truck pass the shotty and blast somebody, bitch! 
 Mastered the flow, the gun and the hand game 
 Now I'm resurrectin a REAL nigga campaign 
 Fake ass niggaz, we snatch 'em out the damn rain 
 Take they damn chain, hit 'em with the damn thang 
 BANG! Now that's what happen when the trigger blow 
 Aiyyo Premier, let a motherfuckin nigga know! 
 (Chorus: DJ Premier cuts and scratches) 
 "Say, this here, Pimp C 
 We fuckin' wit Premo, it-it-it's, it's goin' down, baby" 
 "My mic is loud and my production is tight" - [Big L] 
 "We run shit!" "I ain't playin' witchu!" 
 "Say, this here, Pimp C 
 We fuckin' wit Primo, it-it's goin'... down, baby" 
 "My mic is loud and my production is tight" - [Big L] 
 "We run shit!" "I ain't playin' witchu!" 
 Okay, Bun is on the mic, Premier's on the track 
 The South is in the house, now what can fuck wit that? 
 And who can fuck wit me? You not built up 
 I'll break ya bitch-ass down and leave you filled up 
 See that's how blood get spilled up, 'cause you all grilled up 
 And got the hammer on you, but it's still tucked 
 'Cause you scared to pull it, even mo' scared to POP 
 You ain't a gangsta, you need to stop 
 I'm a type of nigga pull up at tha evening spot 
 Squeeze and pop niggaz until they weave and drop, ock! 
 You the type that gotta call in the goons 
 I come one deep, strapped like an army platoon 
 When I get to (Gladiatin') on haters like Leonidas 
 Niggaz just gonna have to admit it that he the tightest 
 You talk a big game mayne, but mine's bigger bro 
 Aiyyo Premier, let a motherfuckin nigga know! 
 Okay, Bun is on the mic, Premier's on the track 
 The South is in the house, now what can fuck wit that? 
 And who can fuck wit us? Better bring your mic game 
 Mike Jordon, Mike Tyson, Big Mike mayne 
 Big dough, big flow, big fight game 
 Take you out the zone, put you in the right frame 
 Take you out your home, middle of the night mayne 
 Wrap you up tight, put yo' ass on the night train 
 That's right mayne, and it's the right time 
 In the right game to get rich like a white mayne 
 Tryna see how much paper that I might gain 
 While I still keep it trill in what I write, mayne 
 Yeah, so let's see who we could trouble most 
 By hittin these haters up with a double dose 
 Toast! We got it locked like a figure-fo' 
 Aiyyo Premier, let a motherfuckin nigga know! 
 BITCH! Yeah! 
 PA to PV, nigga 
 Bun Beeda, DJ Premier 
 Legends, in the, game 
 You don't know? Now you know, bitch! 
 Threw ya hoe-ass around, while real niggaz come down 
 Hah! Yeah! 
 Premo, I was waitin on that shit, nigga 
 I been waitin on this shit since "DJ Premier was in Deep Concentration" 
 Hahaha, my motherfuckin nigga 
 Love you, boy 
 Real rap shit, real nigga shit 
 We GONE! [echoes]