(Intro - Bun B - talking) 
 Say mayne, I had this pussy ass nigga come up to me the other day 
 You know what I'm sayin'? 
 Talkin' 'bout "say Bun B 
 Bun B you gon' rep for P-A on this album?" 
 I said "you bitch ass nigga, I am P-A, who the fuck is you nigga? 
 Know what I'm sayin'? 
 Everybody know I rep for Port Arthur, Texas to the fullest 
 Who the fuck know you nigga? 
 Don't nobody know you but your mama ho ass nigga 
 Move around nigga 
 I'm some on P-A shit, know what I'm talkin' 'bout?" 
 (Verse 1 - Bun B) 
 P-A trill nigga, I was born ready bro 
 Our here on the grind, rain or shine, for the fetti bro 
 Work comin' in and movin out with the steady flow 
 Boys out of line, pull the thing out, let it go 
 Always G'd out, blacked out, from my head to toe 
 And it ain't a question that I be out to get the dough 
 Call up my connect, get the powder in from Mexico 
 Late night, come across the border in the Chevy ho 
 Get it for the low, if you need a plug, let me know 
 I get it from him, you come to me for the petty coke 
 That's the way the cycle go around like a merry go 
 Round, put it down for my town, they already know 
 Every time I try to get away, I can't let it go 
 Plush lifestyle, fly cars and the pretty hoes (pretty hoes) 
 So play your distance by scenario (what's up?) 
 Load up the van, let's hit the highway, here we go (here we go) 
 (Chorus - Bun B) 
 We hit the road and get the snow money 
 Bring it home, take it to the mall, blow money 
 Hit the strip club, take it out, throw money 
 Then get back up on the road and get mo' money 
 Mo' money, mo' money, money, mo' (mo') 
 Mo' money, mo' money, money, mo' (mo') 
 Mo' money, mo' money, money, mo' (mo') 
 Mo' money, mo' money, money, mo' (mo') 
 (Verse 2 - Bun B) 
 You know it's "UGK 4 Life" and I'm a ride for that 
 Disrespect the game and I can't let you slide for that 
 It don't really matter where ya people try to hide ya at 
 'Cause I'm a find ya, pull up behind ya, apply the MAC 
 Milli on the really, (I'm a G), bonafide for that 
 Talkin' down on the Underground, you get denied for that 
 Where I come from, lot of pussy niggaz died for that (where?) 
 Port Arthur, Texas, I got a lot of pride for that (huh) 
 So when we hit the road, haters better hide your hat (why?) 
 We hittin licks with them bricks and them ninety packs (damn) 
 I hit this over twenty bro, it ain't no lie to that 
 Sting 'em for 300K and now I got to ride it back (so what ya doin'?) 
 I'm lookin' for the laws, where ya hidin at? (I see 'em) 
 Pull me over, I'm the decoy, fly for that (let's go) 
 Oh yeah, I'll take the speeding ticket, where ya sign for that? 
 'Cause the dope and money never in the car I'm ridin' at (ride it back) 
 (Verse 3 - Bun B) 
 And now we back up in the hood, where we 'sposed to be 
 In the back, countin' up them stacks that we 'sposed to see 
 Pussy ass niggaz (niggaz), ain't even gettin' close to me (at all) 
 They know I'd have they mama prayin' with a rosary (for real) 
 And I'm a put another hole where they nose should be 
 If they ever think of the position of opposin me (damn) 
 A couple rounds plus a thought that probably froze 'em 
 We gon' lay a nigga down 'cause we (Feenin) like we Jodeci (hold up) 
 They on the streets talkin' 'bout that they exposin me (what?) 
 Exposin what? I'm a open book, close it G (close it) 
 You talkin' tough but we know you just posin see 
 And I'm a leave 'em stiffer than a mannequin (with holes in he) 
 You ain't friends, then you foes with me 
 And we can go to war definitely nigga, not supposedly 
 I'm not your average, I'm the chosen G 
 And if your money ain't snow money, best to get it frozen G ('cause we)