Please settle downs, everybody sit down 
 Sit down for a second, Mildred! 
 Mildred, get yo' goddamn feet off the table 
 (It's a Big E beat!) 
 C'mon now, shit 
 This is, this is why we don't ever have nothin' man 
 It's a good evenin' here, Ceddy St. Louis 
 This right here about to bring to the stage 
 Is a gentleman from Port Arther, Texas 
 Real gentleman, real singer, real story teller 
 Real gangsta, a true veteran of the bid'ness 
 Y'all show him some love, talk to 'em Bun 
 Thank y'all for comin' to see me this evenin' (yeah) 
 Cookin' this cajun' I laced it with seasonin' (huh) 
 In here, I been here and don't plan on leavin' 
 The king of the trill's 'bout to pass, who's receivin? 
 I'm throwin', I'm throwed on, the mic I explode 
 Slow all that bangin' man just like my load 
 Don't test me or stress me, I'm in that mode 
 Where I could just black out and leave yo' ass flo'ed 
 Benze's and Beamers I drove 'em and slabbed 'em 
 Big booty hoes I exposed 'em and grabbed 'em 
 Take 'em right out of they clothes and I have 'em 
 They pussy is golden (what) my dick is platinum 
 And hard as a diamond, I'm hard when I'm rhymin' 
 I'm closer to God, like Eric B. I'm in 
 That get money frame of mind, any day and time 
 That's what this is and shit ain't no shame in mine 
 Back on that bullshit so bring in the cattle 
 Ready for war so let's get to the battle 
 Niggas is babies with bottles and rattles 
 The street lights is on, it's your curfew, ske-daddle 
 That all you got G? You comin' up short 
 You ain't got the muscle, you ain't got the heart 
 You need actin' classes, you can't play the part 
 Yo' mind ain't on money you need to get smart 
 I'm known to spit darts that'll land in the center 
 Right in the red for the breadwinner in her 
 Stack in the summer, the ball in the winter 
 I'm grippin' that wood (shit) just got a splinter 
 You's a beginner, a novice, a rookie 
 How you got bricks when you can't cop a cookie? 
 We after paper, you after the nookie 
 You bet against me and you lost, pay the bookie 
 Twista! 
 They can never run in my shoes, 
 They know nothin' 'bout the ones and the twos (nope) 
 Murder to the drums when I bruise, 
 Twista killin' them with Bun and the Blues (yup) 
 Competition better study harder 
 'Cause I feel like we done found another tune (tune) 
 They gon' try to to be like Muddy Waters, 
 I'm a be the man howlin at the moon (arooo!) 
 Comin' up and standin on my stack (stack) 
 A veteran but keep my lyrics dope (dope) 
 And you still listen out the ride (ride) 
 I ain't even got a car note (nope) 
 Y'all ain't snappin cause you wicked crushed 
 And I'm a get 'em, I could tell her (tell her) 
 Fall dash rapper when you tell 'em bust, 
 He can even spit the a cappella ('pella) 
 He can even come right off the top (no) 
 He don't kill 'em even though he crumb (no) 
 He can only kill 'em in the studio 
 When somebody can help him make a song (yeah) 
 Ask me why I don't hear it, I told ya 
 It's nothin' but bullshit lyrics in yo' folder (ha ha!) 
 On the blues we come colder, Bun B's a boa 
 Constrictor, Twista inflicts the pain of a cobra 
 Flame and I'm a show ya, the remains of a soldier 
 Down home blues killin' niggas in the game, till it's over