Bun B: 
 Man f'real I love bein' from this Dirty South mayne 
 It made me the G I am today, made me the hustler I am today 
 The grinder, the baller; the gangsta I am today mayne 
 Lot of people got opinions and issues and problems with 
 What they see comin' from the South and who doin' what in the South mayne 
 But I'm a tell you like this, fuck you dawg~. This the South nigga 
 We gon' be here, we been here and ain't goin' no muthafuckin' where 
 Take it how you like it, hate it or love it hoe! 
 Bun B: 
 It's that candy paint, 84's, belts and buckles, chrome and grill 
 Leather seats, stitch and tuck, TV screens and wooden wheels 
 Suede roof, neon lights, whole tire swang and bang 
 Tops drop, blades chop, 5th wheel just hangin' mayne 
 White T's, fitted hats, Jordan's or the Dicky's (Dicky's) 
 That Swisher sweet, cigarillos filled up with the sticky (sticky) 
 The 15's bam'n & the bass kick kickin' 
 Cadillac door's slammin' on them po' po's tippin' 
 We ain't trippin' just flippin' these haters dip when they see us (dip when they see us) 
 'Cause they could never beat us best us or be us 
 I'm a G that's a genius, best to just respect my thuggin' mayne 
 It's the South, ain't nothin' above it and that's why I love it mayne! 
 For real. 
 (Chorus: Jodeci samples) 
 You're Everything I knew. Oh yeah. 
 Do what you want me to. I will do anything. 
 Get on my knees for you. Oh baby. 
 What else is there to do? I don't know, I don't know, but I'll cry. 
 (Rick Ro$$ talking over Chorus second half) 
 Yeah, keepin' it Trilla baby; Texas, P.A. to H-Town 
 3-oh-5 to Mi-Yayo... you know what it is. 
 Rick Ro$$: 
 Pray at night when you sellin' white, got 1 ki' tryin' to sell it twice 
 Yellow stones all in my shit, yellow bones all on my dick 
 Honeycomb I call my crib, money long that's on my kids 
 R.I.P. to my Uncle Chad, UGK you can't fuck wit that 
 Niggas fake, they hate candy paint and all the paper that your partner make 
 Shakin' dice like a face of life, champagne just ain't tastin' right 
 Haterade they Gatorade, look at these seats they gator made 
 Friend or foe niggas never know (know) never know when you fin' to blow. 
 David Banner: 
 Dude scrapin' the curb, dippin' sippin' some syrup 
 Fingers blistered twisted Swishers, Pimp died and it hurt 
 But I handle my issue, I got several pistols 
 That won't whistle, missiles knockin' gristle from fatty tissue 
 Mississippi's my home till I'm die & I'm gone 
 I know I put it on my back, held that bitch up alone 
 With no label b-backin' pride split into fractions 
 I hit the ocean on Peggy bustin' back at the crackin' 
 And y'all scared. (y'all scared) 
 (Chorus: Jodeci samples) 
 You're Everything I knew. Oh yeah. 
 Do what you want me to. I will do anything. 
 Get on my knees for you. Oh baby. 
 What else is there to do? I don't know, I don't know, but I'll cry. 
 8Ball: 
 Let's talk about Pimp C, Bun B, 8Ball, MJG 
 Big Boi, Dre 3000, Scarface, Willie D. 
 T.I.P. Young Jeezy, Birdman, Lil' Weezy 
 Trick Daddy, Young Buck, SoSoDef, Jermaine Depri 
 J. Prince, Rap-A-Lot, Juicy J, DJ Paul 
 Slim Thug, Lil' Keke, Chamillionare, Paul Wall 
 We all different but we all rep the same thing 
 God first, family then money in the South mayne. 
 MJG: 
 They call me PIMP TYTE! MJG 
 The Dirty South is everything I want 
 Everything I need everything I'm longin' for 
 When I'm outta town gotta get home, just for 
 Everything that I been raised to love, the wisdom my grandmama gave to us 
 Racial profilin' police harassment regular days to us 
 You say door, we say do'; you say 4, we say fo' 
 You say whore, we say hoe; you want more, but we want mo'. 
 What else is there left for me to do? 
 This the dedication from me to you 
 The South, I know you gonna see, me through 
 So until I die I wanna be, wit you 
 You're Everything. 
 (Chorus: Jodeci samples) 
 You're Everything I knew. Oh yeah. 
 Do what you want me to. I will do anything. 
 Get on my knees for you. Oh baby. 
 What else is there to do? I don't know, I don't know, but I'll cry.