Roll out, straight to the ATL 
 Coming from the DET gotta bail 
 Gotta get mail in adbundance 
 Stat watch that yay on the oven 
 Nigga this hustlin' 
 Had enough gettin' nothing 
 Cooped in the ?? 
 Gotta get accustomed 
 So I push that dust, that's me crushin' 
 Push that new stank ugly, 
 Snowflakes in the hood like flurries, 
 Nigga so urgently, gotta earn that cheese, affirmatively, 
 The firm with me gotta, turn the keys of a 64 fever, 
 So eager, go re-up, get cheese on the old school beeper, 
 No two-ways, no feds, only way a nigga get head get bread, 
 Stay low-pro, no po-po, no hoes in the spot where the dope grow 
 We, got to get this paper dog anywhere it takes, 
 Be, fore you see a nigga like myself break, even, if it means that we rollin' outta state! 
 Gotta get it at a good rate, get bucks, come home with the weight up! 
 Dippin' now, in the CAL, get Dre on the phone, 
 Gotta put that fluff on hold, homegrown, holmes know, 
 Bubonic chronic gots to move on it soon as possible 
 Honest, U-Hauls, movin' by two anonymous drivers 
 Reclinin', just a couple of folks reload from the West to the East coast, 
 Gotta get that dough, flip them bows, get back to the 'Mo like pronto 
 With guacemole, niggaz can't grow these, got it where they make nacho, 
 Not so? Taste that, wipe the Ajax off that plastic wrap, 
 Look at him now, his eyes saggin' like my Dickie khaks, 
 In fact nigga cheef on that, please believe I gotta get them stacks 
 We, got to get this paper dog anywhere it takes, 
 Be, fore you see a nigga like myself break, even, if it means that we rollin' outta state! 
 Gotta get it at a good rate, get bucks, come home with the weight up! 
 Haters, faders know, Detroit flavor gators bankroll, 
 You can never trust them stank hoes, Minnesota got that stroleon (?), troleum 
 On that rack, gotta flip them O's like that, get that dough right back 
 Gotta make sure niggaz intact 
 Strapped, niggaz get mad, 
 Gotta have witchu, Gat 
 Gotta put them boys in bags, make noise, 
 Niggaz know you ain't havin' that 
 Gotta have that, gettin' ass since, 
 Where the math at? Nigga pass that 
 No average, pure, what do you think a nigga down here for? 
 Get more, gotta push them Bentley Azures, 
 Niggaz on empty, gotta get it up plenty, niggaz know wit' me 
 We, got to get this paper dog anywhere it takes, 
 Be, fore you see a nigga like myself break, even, if it means that we rollin' outta state! 
 Gotta get it at a good rate, get bucks, come home with the weight up!