(Obie Trice) 
 Obie Trice, nigga! Stat Quo! Welcome to Shady my nigga! 
 Congratulations, another nigga out the hood! 
 I'll vouch for ya, lets go, nigga! 
 (Hook: Stat Quo) + (Obie Trice) 
 This is for my bitches and my dogs 
 Gettin' cheddar fuck the law 
 Stay on ya feet and never crawl 
 Stay 'bout it! 
 (This is for my niggaz and my hoes) 
 (Keep ya head up fuck ya foes) 
 (Get ya bread up to ya nose) 
 (Over Corwd It) 
 (Verse 1-Obie Trice) 
 My name is O and to the B-I-E 
 Trife life, entety 
 Envy me, injuries 
 Niggaz who pretend to be 
 Gangs-tah, nigga you's a fake-ah 
 Gettin' money maj-ah, nigga you can hate if it's ya nate-ch-ah (nature) 
 Never stop gettin' paper though 
 All that 'cho, just waitin' on a ho 
 Gotta raise cocoa, put her in grade-A schools where asians go 
 Amazing, two years retro, and in a vacant home where the aafes sold 
 Now a nigga's on the road, sellin' out major shows, hate me hos 
 Never would have fathomed that 
 Big lipped nigga from school Craft 
 Have access to the masses 
 Now they sweatin' them backstage passes 
 Try to give a nigga ass, 'cause I roll with a gangsa style 
 Where was you at when I was on the ave, tryin' to get cash up/ (BIATCH!) 
 (Mini Hook) (Olivia Singing) 
 I am so alive! (Obie Trice-Gotta get that money man, and ain't a thang funny man) 
 I am so high! (Obie Trice-You rollin' up that skunk, I'm off that crunk juice, punk) 
 And I spy I feel so alive (Obie Trice-Shit, I gotta get that money man, and ain't a thang funny man) 
 And I am so high (Obie Trice-Liven up, then hit that ATL on'em) 
 (Verse 2-Stat Quo) 
 S-T-A-T-Q-U-O 
 With the awkward flow from the AT, do 
 Wrist 'fo too cold, he swole, he roll, fo' sho' he gettin' plenty hos 
 Ridin' fled, by my grip 
 GMM, that's my clique 
 Fresh fit, new kicks 
 I'm the shit, might see me wit 
 Yo bitch, on the strip 
 Super slick, hate on me eat a dick 
 Born to get plenty chips 
 Is he rich, damn right, every day 
 Every night, motherfuckers can't see me, bibi 
 I made this look so easy 
 Signed with E & D the recipe, how can you not love it 
 Tipsy off that hennesy, and other types of bubbly 
 (Mini Hook) (Olivia Singing) 
 (Verse 3-Obie Trice) 
 Obie keep a couple hoes, tokin' on that okie-do 
 Dick up in they ass so them hoes know they gotta smoke 
 They know O, ain't for jokes, that's fo' sho 
 So they try to hold on, as long as possible like a rodeo 
 I mean that that dick do so much damage 
 That Obie's not that average, so you gotta pardon me, I'm so savage 
 Gotta lot of bitches wantin' marriage 
 What bitch who? horse in a carrage 
 No bitch that's not obie's status 
 Gotta know my apparatus 
 Pimp, no food stamps, no pampers, no lips 
 Strictly prophalactics inside these oversized mag-anums 
 When I'm dickin' down these actresses then 
 Cut'em like John Singleton, in a matress askin' him when they seein' him again 
 (Mini Hook) (Olivia Singing) 
 (Obie Trice-Liven Up To Get'em (echoed))