(Intro: Obie Trice) 
 Yeah 
 Ay, Em, you ready? 
 Herc, you got them thangs nigga? 
 You know. 
 Detroit city! 
 (Chorus: Obie Trice) 
 There they go, them D-town boys carry the Calico 
 Whenever there's war, you gotsta know 
 Them boys got toys tear down the front door 
 Detroit make noise everywhere that we go 
 There they go, there they go. 
 (1st verse: Obie Trice) 
 You are not convincing 
 When Detroit blocks stay fucked with henchmen 
 Niggaz get popped for instance, infrared dot for distance 
 Get knocked by the cops, cop on some pen shit 
 Straight detention, a nigga doing tension 
 Once released he on that music business 
 When viewing 106 and them cafeterias 
 Only to find that rap's actually serious 
 Deliriously resort back to crack and vigilance 
 Same shit that sent 'em upper Michigan 
 Us is pimping, a difference, from any city I visited 
 It's that Detroit spirit and if we in it, balling out till the ending, period 
 Use O as a reference to that sentence 
 The message I'm sending you, best just pay attention. 
 There they go, them D-town boys carry the Calico 
 Whenever there's war, you gotsta know 
 Them boys got toys tear down the front door 
 Detroit make noise everywhere that we go 
 There they go, there they go. 
 (2nd Verse: Big Herc) 
 If you don't like how I act then blow me 
 I don't really give a shit, I represent the real cats who know me 
 Man what's up with that scratch you owe me? 
 Now run my chips before we fall out like Shaq and Kobe 
 Big Herc on a track with Obie, when you come to the D 
 It's cut-throat, better be packing homie 
 And niggaz get they shit split for acting phonie 
 We're known for the glocks and the choppas 
 These niggaz'll rob you, leave you standing in ya socks and ya boxers 
 We got real G's and lots of imposters 
 I smoke the real trees, see I cop from the rastas 
 Y'all niggaz ain't impress me yet 
 Y'all yapping, not rapping, turn that shit off and press eject 
 See we known for the car shows, running from the narcos 
 Keep them bottles coming, we gon pop 'em till the bar close. 
 There they go, them D-town boys carry the Calico 
 Whenever there's war, you gotsta know 
 Them boys got toys tear down the front door 
 Detroit make noise everywhere that we go 
 There they go, there they go. (x2) 
 (Outro: Trick Trick) 
 Here we go muthafuckers 
 This the muthafuckin back acha Trick 
 Don't even dream of fucking up in Detroit, bitch 
 This is where the real killers at 
 Detroit muthafucker! 
 Ain't never no difficulty smashing no bitch ass niggas 
 Matter of fact, bring your bitch ass to Detroit nigga 
 We got something for your ass. 
 (Laughter)