(Baby) 
 For sure, lil' one 
 Off top, playboy 
 Look here 
 These lil' young jive motherfuckers just jumpin' off the porch 
 (B.g.) 
 Let me at 'em 
 (Baby) 
 Better catch they motherfuckin' cut, nigga 
 Look, this block is mine 
 And I don't need these niggas playin' with our hoes 
 'Cause they're my hoes (say, playboy) 
 I done fucked the whole block already, ya understand 
 (B.g.) 
 We don't even want you comin' 'round no more 
 (Baby) 
 Bitch-ass nigga, catch your cut 
 We got this shit, wodie 
 (B.g.) 
 Gotta hustle 
 (Baby + (B.G.)) 
 Back where I started on my set in black (Uh-huh) 
 Hopped out the passenger side of my 'Lac (Then what?) 
 Under my nuts was two ounces of crack (Yeah?) 
 My lil' nigga, Geezy, say he needed a stack (For sure) 
 Fronted my lil' wodie a ounce of crack 
 The bricks look the same, but them youngsters be strapped 
 From snortin' dope smokin' momo's, and jackin' 
 Old folks scared that's why they be snappin' (What?) 
 Callin the law, look-a-who'n and rattin' 
 I told the young nigga to learn to mack 
 Pop in a Too $hort tape 
 (B.g.) 
 "Born to Mack" 
 (Baby + (B.G.)) 
 We hard-headed head bustas 
 We don't give a fuck - untamed motherfuckers 
 Jumped off the porch as a young motherfucker (What?) 
 My momma's dead (what) 
 My daddy's dead (What?) 
 My brother's a dope fiend, I'm duckin' the Fed (You lyin') 
 Word got around that a nigga was paid (Yeah?) 
 Supplied the whole uptown - word was said (Yeah?) 
 With quarters and halves (Yeah?), chickens and bricks (Yeah?) 
 Bundles of dope and ounces and shit 
 We drive Bentley's and Jags (What?), Corvettes and bikes (What?) 
 Two Mercedes Wagons with kits and lights (What?) 
 (?) And Prowlers (What?), Suburbans and jets (What?) 
 Twenty-inch momo's with a-thousand a bet (For sure) 
 (Hook2x [B.G.]) 
 Big Tymers - they g's, too 
 Them niggas'll creep, too 
 They'll slang iron where your family sleep, too 
 Big Tymers - they thug, too 
 Them niggas sell drugs, too 
 They don't just stunt - Baby and Fresh'll bust, too 
 (Mannie Fresh + (B.G.)) 
 What? 
 Now, I know you been waitin', playa, all night long (For what?) 
 For me to say, "Fuck a bitch," in a tight-ass song (What?) 
 Well, this the one, lil' daddy: fuck that bitch (Fuck her) 
 Why'all know who I'm talkin' 'bout - she can suck my dick (Eat up) 
 They want to be with a nigga when your money come right (for real?) 
 When shit get bad, them hoes clean outta sight (For real?) 
 B.G. downed the broad and he passed her to Juvy (What?) 
 Baby got the bitch, and he put her in a movie 
 Triple-X rated (Huh?) 
 Joe Casey say, "The bitch ate it." 
 Our two D.J.'s say, "The bitch can't be faded." 
 Once again, it's on 
 The bitch jammed up with Stone (Then what?) 
 Wayne and Turk did the bitch when we left her alone 
 Then the sharks, nigga (Sharks?) 
 Yes, the sharks, nigga (Yes, the sharks, nigga) 
 Fucked the bitch in her ass in the park, nigga (In the park, nigga) 
 I don't know that lil' nigga, but I'ma pass her to him 
 Motherfuck that dog ass, jive bitch: Kim 
 (Hook [B.G.]) 
 Big Tymers don't trust hoes 
 Big Tymers don't love hoes 
 After they finished with 'em, them niggas, they'll shove hoes 
 Big Tymers - they toss hoes 
 They don't brown-nose 
 They think they all that, they got the whole clique down them hoes 
 Big Tymers don't trust hoes 
 Big Tymers don't love hoes 
 After they finished with 'em, them niggas, they'll shove hoes 
 Big Tymers - they toss hoes 
 Them niggas don't brown-nose 
 They think they all that, they got the whole clique down them hoes 
 (Lac) 
 What, what, what, 
 We put diamonds, and Rolies, and bracelets, and rings, and 
 Necklace, and pendants, and $'s, and chains, and 
 Twenty's on Bentley's, and Prowlers, and Jaguars 
 Cadillac's, and Benzes, and Beamer's, and fast cars 
 Houses and mansions with marble and mink floors 
 Movie-screen TV's with automatic glass doors 
 Hoes say they love me, but friendships don't last, though 
 We rich but we fucked up from shit with the last hoes 
 The dollar ain't on the chest, the body is still tatted 
 Ride or die for CMR - get outta line, get battered 
 Lil' Wheezy more platted 
 Baby more platted 
 Big Tymers, Hot Boys, and them sharks - they all gatted 
 My watch thirty karats - Suga Don the grand-daddy 
 Rappers, while you're hatin' your car, we now have it 
 (?) We move packages, (?) jack it 
 Man stood and rest in piece - head bustas was his jackin' 
 Dog, when I grow up, I want to be just like me: 
 A millionaire, bobbin' his head to a Mannie Fresh beat 
 And I swear under my shirt, June Miami heat 
 Around my neck with some fingers'll last till January 
 (Hook3x [B.G.]) 
 Big Tymers stunt very hard 
 Drive the finest cars 
 Big Tymers got that work 
 Got a Impala, and got it hard 
 Big Tymers - they live in lavish 
 Neck and the wrist is platted 
 Every kind of diamond that they got, them niggas have it 
 (B.g.) 
 For sure, nigga (For sure, nigga) 
 B.G. and the fam' 
 If you gotta be a B.T. 
 ([B.] It's like bein' a H.B.) 
 A h.b. 
 ([B.] Ya understand) 
 Ya understand 
 Ya undersmell that 
 Ya gotta go get it 
 Damn, Baby, you're blindin' me, yeah 
 You're blindin' me, yeah 
 Boy, you're blindin' me, yeah 
 You're blindin' me, yeah 
 ([B.] Turk and Lil' Wheezy) 
 Lil' Wheezy 
 ([B.] To then B.Geezy) 
 To then B.Geezy, to O.Geezy 
 How you love that 
 And it's all good, nigga (It's all good, nigga) 
 ([B.] Get your mind right) 
 Get your mind right 
 Big Tymers been doin' this here (Been doin' this here) 
 Since '92, nigga 
 Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy) 
 ([B.] Been stun'n) 
 Been stun'n 
 ([B.] Repped out like a motherfucker) 
 Number-one stunna, nigga 
 ([B.] Uptown New Orleans, nigga) 
 The world's number-one stunna, and the world's best producer, nigga 
 The Big Tymers