(Intro - B.G.) 
 Hey world! 
 Oh I'm back! 
 I'm back and I'm better than ever! 
 What up Fresh? 
 This one here feel good homie! 
 It remind me of the old days, you heard me? 
 [Chorus - Gar] X2 
 It feels good, I still get love in my hood 
 Haters still wishing they could 
 But they can't because 
 I'm still getting it, getting it, get getting it, getting it man 
 (Verse 1 - B.G.) 
 B.G. still the same old same old 
 Nothing change, play the game how the game go 
 Pants sag, white tee, and a Kangol 
 I ain't got to hustle, but I still hang low 
 A few hate, that's what I ride with that thing for 
 It's going down if they run up on that Range Rove 
 It's going down if they test a nigga man hood 
 Every ghetto in New Orleans I done ran through it 
 I done seen a lot, and I done, done a lot 
 When I was young I had dreams I run the block 
 When I was young yeah my momma used to fuss a lot 
 But now she proud because her son is living on the top 
 (Verse 2 - B.G.) 
 It feels good to be fortunate and give back 
 See the old lady walking, stop, and help her with her bags 
 Forget where I come from? Dog, never that 
 Every time I leave they asking me "When you coming back?" 
 I say fuck it and I let the whole hood come 
 And now I got the whole hood on my tour bus 
 Uptown represent it till the end of time 
 Uptown, I done lost a lot a friends of mine 
 I'm on the grind so you know I'm out here getting mine 
 Like Curtis I'ma get rich or die trying 
 I fell a few times, I never gave up 
 Got up, got a pack, hit the hood, made up 
 (Verse 3 - B.G.) 
 You know me, I be everywhere the thugs be 
 Convicted felon, but be everywhere the guns be 
 I'm a gangster, the whole hood love me 
 You's a buster, I know you wish you was me 
 Man this life that I'm living dog is lovely 
 I'm like him, but you know you can't touch me 
 I appreciate what the hood done me 
 It made me a man, made me a O.G. 
 It made me a man, made me a go getter 
 It showed me how to never be a broke nigga 
 I'll never be a quitter, always be a winner 
 I'm in the hood growing like a rainbow nigga 
 (Outro - B.G.) 
 Feels good to be a gangster 
 You heard me? 
 I said damn it feels good to be a gangster 
 New Orleans, Uptown, 13th Ward, Magnolia 
 The king baby 
 Holler back 
 You heard me?