I'm bout that trigga play nigga 
 I ain't stuntin you bout two 
 You can get busy you know the choices is on you 
 I come through your areas to burry you 
 I slow you down take your Rolex with the bezel too 
 The B.G. a HB off VL 
 Tips on the creek rang choppers like a church bell 
 I armed nigga and backed up by click niggaz 
 That's trigga happy don't give a fuck bout killin' niggaz 
 We killin' haters with tommy guns spillin haters 
 The ghetto made us slangin is how we get our paper 
 Pull off capers an original thug taper 
 Got riches handed over nigga before I erase ya 
 You want my troubles I don't believe you ready for it 
 But I'll bring it to you if you insist you ready for it 
 You want beef I'm dramatized on paper 
 You makin' me sleep 'cause I'm bout that trigga play 
 B.G. bout trigga play 
 B.G. bout gettin' funky anyday 
 B.G. bout spittin' 50 out a K 
 On the real B.G. bout trigga play now woo the 
 B.G. straight duckin feds 
 On the real B.G. bout bustin' heads 
 On the real B.G. killin' chopters 
 Look in the sky flyin by it's hellicopters 
 *On the real* 
 Picture I hang words with a nigga off the other side 
 Can't underestimate him so I'ma grab my shit and ride 
 Wayne drive do a pull up and I'ma bust 
 Wicked plus after that business is a must 
 My ????? know him he wanna fuck so she can get it 
 She on the phone with him, nobody home with him 
 Got it goin' in right I know he keep his chrome with him 
 I'm squeeky yeah I'ma hit him in his dome nigga 
 His enemy ain't with nobody stillin me 
 That's why you never catch me without my 'tilary 
 I keep a nina if not I keep a fifth beemer 
 Once the drama on I ain't waitin to cap a p bra 
 Snake for Jake Blood for Blood I'm with it ain't no love 
 Anybody slip and they get slid 
 I ride or die I play it raw that's the way I'm raised 
 Spray for spray nigga I'm bout that trigga play 
 B.G. bout trigga play 
 B.G. bout gettin' funky anyday 
 B.G. bout spittin' 50 out a K 
 On the real B.G. bout trigga play, now woo thee 
 B.G. straight duckin feds 
 On the real B.G. bout bustin' heads 
 On the real B.G. play with choppers 
 Look in the sky flyin by it's helicopters 
 *On the real* 
 Its on again I gotta grab my chrome again 
 Some nigga trippin' I gotta upset a home again 
 I'm spankin niggaz after a wait they momma be faintin 
 I'm yankin niggaz in any given situation 
 No mouthin off I bring the blues to the weak 
 Nigga what you wan' do I'll tear down both sides of the streets 
 In the U.P.T. on the up and up niggas get killed 
 In the U.P.T. on the up and up shit really get real 
 You slangin coke if anything be ready to accept it 
 'Cause you'll have those checks comin' and B.G. will intercept it 
 I like that I play the game raw nigga 
 Lets take it far nigga you bout that warfare nigga 
 On the backstreet it's me in a black ram truck 
 Head huntin woo thee tryin' to jam a nigga up 
 I'm on a grind for mind to get it how you feel 
 I'ma stunt nigga it's all about that trigga play 
 B.G. bout trigga play 
 B.G. bout gettin' funky anyday 
 B.G. bout spittin' 50 out a K 
 On the real B.G. bout trigga play now woo the 
 B.G. straight duckin feds 
 On the real B.G. bout bustin' heads 
 On the real B.G. towin chopters 
 Look in the sky flyin by it's hellicopters 
 *On the real*