Talkin' 'bout the science of social deprivation 
 From 'ere to wherever in the council estates the man's is strugglin'. 
 The poor lower working class. 
 Blud, you go to sleep round here and have nightmares, 
 Wake up and find the worst reality is right there. 
 The difference is, in my dream's I'm always runnin' scared, 
 But in reality, I'm rolled and comin' prepared. 
 So now who's gonna wanna run up and become a gonner? 
 Everybody's gonna wanna get us, but they're run a longers. 
 I'm still out to get the same cats from last summer, 
 But man can't see them again, 
 It's like they've done a runner. 
 I'm still in the same manor, on the same number 
 And everybody knows where I'm at and what I'm under, 
 I'm in the same slums, raisin' the funds. 
 In the city where the yute man are blazin' the guns. 
 Just look how this United Kingdom has come, 
 Within the council estates where man'll fight over crumbs, 
 We got young single parent mums, 
 Havin' the hardest time tryn'a survive for their daughters and their sons 
 Be comin' out their yutes, cause their yutes are left out there, 
 Raised on the ways of these streets without care. 
 Now we're havin' our fair share of gun warfare 
 And it's all gone nuts and that's just 'cause it's poor here. 
 People want more here, 
 We're all on the floor here, 
 It's raw here, can't even sleep and ignore here, 
 Cause life's kinda militant, 
 Stuck in the grime, 
 Nothin's equivalent to this council estate of mind. 
 We know that we have been living our lives through the hardest times, 
 Still we know that we must keep up the faith in our hearts and minds. 
 I live amongst smashed syringes, 
 Squatters' doors hangin' off the hinges, 
 Hookers lookin' money for Bobby, shottin' their minges. 
 Leavin' used condoms out on the staircases, 
 Next to the broken pipes that's left by the Base Heads. 
 Local estate heads, have grown up to hate Feds, 
 Kids with no helmets drivin' round on some bait peds. 
 Abandoned cars are at the bottom of the block, 
 So when it's pissin' down, 
 Kids have got a place to plot, 
 To cotch and blaze pot, 
 And watch this whole spot, 
 Full up of lost souls with no goals who get left to rot. 
 And what, I don't expect you to ever comprehend is 
 Why I got all actin' so self defensive. 
 The neighbourhood shotters have all seen what it's comin' to. 
 Local coppers on patrol are boppin' with a gun too. 
 So anyone could bun you, 
 Leave and desert you. 
 How long they gonna mourn you when somebody mercs you? 
 Tryin' not to get shift when shiftin' your work through 
 When you wanna shift there ain't nowhere to splurt to. 
 The stakes are high, still the best get placed. 
 Tryn'a find how sweet success might taste. 
 In a place where everybody is tryin' to flex. 
 Nobody's really gettin' anywhere, 
 So everybody's vexed, 
 Livin' life kinda militant, 
 Stuck in the grime, 
 Nothin's equivillent to this council estate of mind. 
 We know that we have been living our lives through the hardest times, 
 Still we know that we must keep up the faith in our hearts and minds. 
 So these are lyrics for my people, 
 Livin' on the streets who, 
 Know they ain't got nuttin' else to retreat to. 
 If you gettin' food next man'll wanna eat you, 
 Pure, bad beefs just to get to delete you. 
 So many man nowadays are so see-through, 
 Beware of their deceitful ways when the greet you. 
 Those who feel it know it because they've been through, 
 Times when their friends wanna switch up to beat you. 
 I never used to see it but, 
 Now I got a clear view, 
 Don't let no bad minded heads try get near you. 
 If they're not on your level they'll never hear you 
 Ain't no time to be shaken or fearful. 
 If you've been through, some of this evil that we do, 
 A hundred Hail Mary's ain't enough to redeem you. 
 All of my long time friends are crack fiends, 
 Who have gone too far, but still say they didn't mean too. 
 Does alleviation through base and crack relieve you? 
 Everybody's losin' their mind 
 And even me too. 
 Step into my world if you wanna catch a preview, 
 But don't tell a soul, 'cause they just won't believe you. 
 That life's kinda militant, 
 Stuck in the grime, 
 Nothin's equivillent to this council estate of mind. 
 Life's kinda militant, 
 Stuck in the grime, 
 Nothin's equivillent to this council estate of mind. 
 We know that we have been living our lives through the hardest times, 
 Still we know that we must keep up the faith in our hearts and minds. 
 We know that we have been living our lives through the hardest times, 
 Still we know that we must keep up the faith in our hearts and minds.