(Intro: "interviewer" (Skinnyman)) 
 "So Skinnyman, now that you've signed a deal with talkin' loud and your currently 
 Recording your album, how's this altered your lifestyle...?" 
 (Let me play this one, tell you exactly how it is in? 
 Cause in my life, ain't nuttin nice... check ya blud...) 
 (Skinnyman) 
 Nowadays I live my life on a day to day basis 
 'Cause everybody in the whole fam's got cases 
 Romin the streets that are full of the screw faces 
 Resortin us back to the blocks that are on the stair cases 
 We hope we don't get to face the bases 
 Who wanna try and raise us to take the papers, laterz 
 To what my whole council estate is 
 Dwellin on the city on top of these sky scrapers 
 Me? I keep a watch over the whole of my acres 
 To those who wanna take us from 5'0's to fakers 
 'Cause all were tryin'a be is money makers 
 So we might have had a chance to escape from some of these derelict places 
 Were livin' life at fast paces 
 It's like were gutter rats tryin'a contend these rap races 
 So best to tighten up your laces 
 'Cause this year I'm steppin up a year to fast for you to chase us 
 You think id wanna stick around this town 
 And have to wait for a crackhead to beat my mum down 
 To get a phone call sayin' just bring your money now 
 By any little ? with a bucket runnnin round 
 I don't love the sound of what those haters wanna do to me 
 That's why I'm not givin' them any opportunity 
 For me it's not about all of the money and the jewellrey 
 Survival of the fittest-its life so now it's you or me 
 And I don't wanna move away from the flats 
 But that's they only way for me to get away from these cats 
 I sit and wonder why the fuck it has to be like that 
 And wonder it would have been like if we blew up in rap 
 But that's a dream and me I put reality first 
 And yeah its real that these thieves wanna steal your mums purse 
 Does it seem, the whole of this manor is cursed 
 Like the bubble is boilin and just waitin to burst 
 This generations gettin' worse-these yoot man are comin' up 
 Nuttins out there for 'em so they just don't give a fuck 
 And they gettin' to lose for them/they're out on streets late nights confused again 
 You put your feet in 
 Their shoes for them 
 And you see what you can do for them 
 And you too might screw for them 
 And this ain't really nuttin new for them 
 A man like you will probably label them a hooligan 
 To live good or bad, but me I'm mud cause the hood is bad 
 Dressin in rags on the ? you know my hood is mad 
 We worry bout gettin' beat up or stabbed 
 Now we worry 'bout the man that's come to shoot up the? 
 The dreams we used to have are gone 
 For those hopes are basic needs were in the bottom of the barrel tryin'a fight for lifes necessities 
 Those older man takin' time to give advice to me 
 Tryina show me just how nice my life could be 
 With me id like to share the vision 
 But all I see is man on a mission 
 My streets are full of friction 
 And you can check my diction 
 It gets deep everywhere that you go 
 'Cause there's snakes everywhere in every ghetto you go 
 Wo wo... 
 (Outro: "interviewer") 
 "So there we have it, a live interview from Skinnyman 
 Outside subterania-the infamous home of hip hop-this is ?...signing out..."