(Intro - Big Kuntry King) 
 P$C 
 Block ENT 
 You know who this is mane, Big Kuntry King 
 C'mon 
 Aye 
 C'mon 
 Aye 
 C'mon 
 (Chorus - Big Kuntry King) 
 I'm in the club like 
 Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye 
 You popping pills? Yeah I'm on it 
 XO? Yeah I'm on it 
 You got the dro? Yeah I'm on it 
 You got them hoes? Yeah I'm on it 
 I'm in the club like 
 Aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye, aye 
 Grey Goose? Yeah I'm on it 
 On Patron? Yeah I'm on it 
 You got the dro? Yeah I'm on it 
 You got them hoes? Yeah I'm on it 
 (Verse 1 - Yung Joc) 
 Aye, nothing like a P$C and Block ENT party nigga 
 Real niggas with real money, folk seeking Ferraris nigga 
 Dead bitches everywhere, twenties and fifties, throw them out 
 Slap them on they derriere, pull the dro and blow it out 
 If you see a scrub in the club, nigga point him out 
 Trying in the V.I.P.'s, no love, we throwing them out 
 Tell them plenty position, nigga stay in your lane 
 I'm fuck with real niggas like my nigga Kuntry King 
 So don't give me no lip, HK on my hip, get a hitter for flip 
 Need a Band-Aid for your drip? 
 In case you wondering, know how I'm balling where I stay 
 It's them Boyz 'N' Da Hood, we in the club like aye 
 (Verse 2 - Big Kuntry King) 
 Give me a bottle of Patron, and a blunt of kush I'm good to go 
 I'm high as fuck, I'm in "The Matrix", bent on moving slow 
 Yes I'm the flyest, who told you that? The Oracle 
 How could you ever doubt me? Ask your hoe she know 
 Kuntry King (Kuntry King) no question, I'm on it mane 
 Making busts all in the club, how you do that? I make it rain 
 And I got some more stacks, I'm finna make it storm bitch 
 Because you seeing money, don't try, thunder on my hip 
 P$C and Block in here, T.I.P. Yung Joc in here 
 That means more pill popping, chicks pop in here 
 We over here, yeah, tell them this is how high 
 Popping rubber bands, got them drinks on ice 
 (Verse 3 - T.I.) 
 I got a pistol in my pocket, throwing money in the air 
 Tell them bitches get with pimping, ain't no money over there 
 Aye, you see Kuntry over there, throwing hundreds in the sky 
 Yeah this rap shit mine, I'ma run until I die 
 And you can run and you can hide, and you can talk and you can floss 
 You be running for your lives when I knock you niggas off 
 Aye, I can show you how to floss, Chevy with the dual exhaust 
 The old school cost a hundred thousand cash, real talk 
 I know you niggas real soft, never be a real boss 
 Keep kicking and sneak dissing, get them caps peeled off 
 The verses going to get you hurt, I don't care if the world saw 
 Your girl just saw me go off with Yung Joc we in the club like