(Verse 1: Bizarre) 
 "This is a bad day.." 
 (Random lady:) 
 "Motherfucker you need to get up and find your ass a job, 
 I'm sick of you just layin around all day long playin' nintendo. 
 They don't even make nintendos no more! 
 Where the hell you find that shit at? 
 And I know that you can find a job, your bus pass is in your wallet I seen that shit yesterday, you just sit up all day long! 
 Lie lie lie 
 Eat eat eat 
 Drink drink drink 
 You don't do shit! I'm sick of you!" 
 (Bizarre:) 
 "Just wakin' up in the mornin gotta thank God, got my asscheeks stuck to a fishin rod, where's the dogs ain't no frogs, momma cookin breakfast with no (laws?) 
 I got my grub on, but didn't pig out, no Thanksgivin so we eatin, carry out. 
 This dude came through my front door, he said I wouldn't live to see 24 
 I gotta go 'cause I got on flip flops 
 If I sold out then my feet'd drop. 
 Had to stop, at the red light, everybody laughin' at my yellow dirtbike. 
 And everythings all right 
 I got a beatin' from Sherry, she's a transvesdite 
 Callin up my homies and I'm askin y'all 
 Bring twenty, bottles of alcohol 
 Playin' football, and I'm in trouble 
 They gave me the ball, I fumbled 
 And I can't believe, my best friends gay 
 Today was a bad day. 
 "Yeah... today was fucked up 
 Hey man you gotta sing fo these niggas 
 Today was a bad day 
 Today was fucked up!" 
 "I bust my ass in the shower 
 Got on this fresh new baby powder 
 Kids just today these dudes try to blast me 
 Saw the police, and got my ass beat 
 No flexin, wooped my ass, in the intersection, till I shoot that's the question 
 With the beats and, I was watchin rap city, shootin them craps, I got fifty 
 Shake 'em up (x3) 
 Shake em 
 A couple a niggas, watch me all break em 
 They beat my ass, I need nine, nine eleven 
 They threw my ass through this back door 
 They took all my cash flow 
 Punched me in the chest, and kicked me in the asshole 
 I just found out, my best friends gay 
 Today was a bad day." 
 "Yeah... today was all fucked up 
 Rainin an shit. 
 Today was a bad day 
 Rainin shit, yeah. 
 You seen that shit nigga 
 Today was fucked up!" 
 "Left my homies house paid, picked up this chick been tryin' rape since twelfth grade 
 Its ironic, 
 Decisions and demand 
 An art test fired on the fan (?) 
 Took a trip to Miami 
 Got my ass beat at the twenty first grammys 
 My dick is so weak, so weak, so weak I put my own ass to sleep 
 Woke up around one, didn't hesitate to say that she didn't cum 
 Ridin' down seven mile coast an, sippin on a potion, rubbin on some baby oil lotion 
 And nothin' seems, to work out 
 She smacked me in the face, and mirked out 
 Today was like one of those bad dreams, jackin off with a bowl full of whip cream 
 Helicopter lookin' for the murderer 
 Two in the mornin got the Cody allen (?) burger 
 Even with the lights of the good year blimp, and in red, bizarre ain't shit 
 Drunk as hell, and I'm throwin' up 
 Page your cat off, so you know it ain't blowin' up 
 I found that my best friend was gay 
 Today was a bad day.." 
 "You seen that shit nigga 
 Today was a bad day 
 Today was fucked up! 
 Hannicap Circus, commin soon 
 Bizarre, HannniCap Circus 
 Today was a bad day mother fucker 
 Fuck y'all."