(Verse 1 - Bizarre) 
 Wakin' up lookin' for a bag of herb 
 Smokin', drinkin' all on the curb 
 Christmas trees, ???, all types of ??? 
 Meds, hydro even ??? 
 I don't rap for weed 
 Freestyles, hooks whatever you need 
 Come to my house we can go to G room 
 Smoke some shrooms and look up at the moon 
 Take off your shoes, relax your feet 
 While I roll some ??? and the Fat's beat 
 Cookies and brownies, whatever you wanna eat 
 You know Bizarre, he be lovin' some sweets 
 I smoke so much my shit is green 
 Next week it'll be all clean 
 Bizarre's in the back, 84 Lac 
 Poppin' some pills (??) listenin' to ??? Mac 
 (Chorus - King Gordy) x 2 
 Y'all wanna get high (get high) 
 And listen to music (listen to music) 
 Some of that good old Hip Hop (Hip Hop) 
 Ghetto music (ghetto music) 
 (Verse 2 - Swifty McVay) 
 I'm from Detroit bitch where nothin' is splendid 
 I roll shit and light up trees like the month of December 
 I'm in the kitchen smilin', cookin' brownies 
 ??? Long Island, allow me to finish this off with a vallum 
 Now we, ??? zombies gettin' in touch with Hip Hop and R&B 
 Laughin' at shit around me, you overstep your boundaries 
 I ain't slappin' your hand, you tryna snatch my gans 
 I'm in the casino slangin' vicodine, cloudy 
 What can you say a nigga that's slick, old dust and Saudi 
 Arabia and I can ??? I'll be smoky as a kettle black 
 If you ain't Clinton, you inhalin' that 
 So I'ma force you to smoke for the hell of it 
 (Verse 3 - Stic.man) 
 I love to see the homie cliqued up, fist up 
 Cackies on, sag, bandanna, rags twist up 
 Hood pry, unified, gees up, ride or die 
 Livin' by the code of the street, an eye for an eye 
 Graffiti on the wall, ghetto life 
 Homies hangin' at the pool hall out on the block shootin' dice 
 Every set of push ups is for my locked up comrads 
 And for the ones we lost during combat 
 Pourin' out kanyak, on the concrete 
 Where the junkies sleep, little kids runnin' the street 
 My life is full of pain, but its positive still 
 Now that I'm ??? to the game, I'm harder to kill 
 Ghetto waterfalls comin' from the ??? 
 ??? Out the cars lil homie, you the cards lil homie 
 Yes you are lil homie, we all stars lil homie