Fuckin' do this... 
 {Crash} 
 Fuck it! 
 "Susan! Make sure the door's locked!" 
 Too late, bitch, I done pulled the fuckin' glock 
 Hit you in the face with a mop and tie you up with socks 
 "Dial 9-1-1!" 
 Bitch, I am a fuckin' cop! 
 I'm not a cop, I'm a fuckin' lieutenant 
 For the last two months, I been suspended 
 Suspended, 'cause I love to shoot 
 Male prostitutes 
 I love to catch them walkin' down 7 Mile and the boulevard 
 Put a nine to them, catch 'em off guard 
 Any time of the day, I walk up to them and steal em 
 God hate fags, sent me here to kill em 
 Don't reach for the phone, don't call for help 
 I know you hate me, I fuckin' hate myself 
 I need someone to talk to, I'm glad you listen 
 Cause ten minutes from now, I'll be in prison 
 I need, someone, to listen to meee... 
 I need, someone, who cares about meee... 
 (My wife is a slut) 
 I need, a friend, I need, a friend, 
 I need, a friend, I need, a friend 
 "Ah!" Shut up, bitch, before I shoot you 
 This fuckin' nine will fuckin' execute you 
 You're probably wonderin why I'm in your house 
 It's a long story, just help me out 
 See, the story is that I'm a rapper that's tryna make it 
 Now I'm a rapist, that's tryna take it 
 You like my chain? Bitch, don't break it 
 My mother gave it to me, it's kinda sacred 
 I used to be a Catholic priest, now I'm livin' on the streets 
 Wanted for touchin my little niece 
 A turn-off is my niece kissin' me 
 W-where the fuck you goin', bitch? Listen to me 
 And please believe she started with me first 
 I didn't know she was a virgin and her booty don't work 
 Stop starin' at the phone, you can't make a call 
 I got your ass cheeks, nailed to the wall 
 And I'm finally glad that the truth came out 
 This is the part where it ends, I blow my brains out {gun fires} 
 I need, someone, to listen to meee... 
 I need, someone, who cares about meee... 
 (My wife is a slut) 
 I need, a friend, I need, a friend, 
 I need, a friend, I need, a friend, 
 I need, a friend, I need, a friend, 
 I need, a friend, I need, a friend 
 {Gun fires}