Ba-ba-ba ba-ba 
 There is no one like me 
 Th-th-there is no one like me, (Chiddy Bang) like me 
 Manners take a second look and you'll see (and we pretty much amazing) 
 There is no one like me (yeah) 
 There is no one like me (mind your manners) 
 Like me (you hear me?) there is no one like... 
 And all the people should be raising their glasses 
 Flow crazy celebrating the madness 
 I never thought I would deliver no classics 
 Then I hooked up with them and then delivered more classics 
 Yeah I've be keeping it true hotel good as long as I could peep on the view 
 Like, like damn how high are we? 
 You gotta gamble in this life Charles Barkley 
 I'm overprotected, through the dopest of methods 
 Now my vocal perfected this is audio breakfast 
 Yes so tell a hater here's a slammer 
 I know they hatin' on us but mind your manners 
 Manners take a second look and you'll see (and you'll see) 
 There is no one like me (like me) 
 Th-th-there is no one like me (like me, la la la la like me) 
 Ma-ma-ma-manners you better reconsider (consider) 'cause you will never do better (do better) 
 There is no one like me, (like me, la la la la like me) like me (there is no one like me) 
 (See this is etiquette right here, you know what I'm saying?) 
 (Mind your manners) 
 There is no one like me (mind your manners) 
 There is no one like... 
 So say la la la 
 I arrive wala, black eyed I am 
 I surprise will.i and I can't rely 
 On another guy 
 I was caterpillared into a butterfly 
 I'm livin' in the moment 
 Why won't you go and own it 
 And we don't got the spirits 
 At least we could coron it 
 Order sake homie 
 I be sippin TY KU and you get the wrong number if I don't like you 
 Say I'm the man tell me why I gotta lie to 
 Anybody I'm the best, girl let me advise you 
 Why? Because I'm feeling invincible 
 Junior high school I had a crush on the principal 
 I guess I was turned on by the leadership 
 Now we got the game wrapped up on some pita shit (like-like me) 
 So tell a hater here's a slammer 
 I know they hatin' on us but mind your manners 
 Manners take a second look and you'll see (and you'll see) 
 There is no one like me (like me) 
 Th-th-there is no one like me, (like me, la la la la like me) like me 
 Ma-ma-ma-manners you better reconsider (consider) 'cause you will never do better (do better) 
 There is no one like me, (like me, la la la la like me) like me 
 Mind your manners 
 (We gon' be here forever man) 
 (Mind your manners) 
 There is no one like me (Chiddy) 
 There is no one like... (mind your manners) 
 Xaphoon! Sam! (mind your manners) 
 Pretty much till they kick me out the booth (mind your manners) 
 And we pretty much amazing 
 Manners take a second look and you'll see 
 There is no one like me (mind your manners) 
 Th-th-there is no one like me, (yeah this is etiquette bitches) like me 
 Ma-ma-ma-manners you better reconsider 'cause you will never do better 
 There is no one like me, (see, you could be searching and searching) like me 
 Just mind your manners 
 Manners take a second look and you'll see (try to find someone better) 
 There is no one like me (how long would that take?) 
 (I'll wait)