Verse 1: Chiddy Bang 
 Hey, I'm the man, right? 
 So I think I'm goin' live it 
 Since my mother birthed me I have only been exquisite 
 And I was on the grind while you was gettin' the digits 
 Got this down to a science, you would swear I'm livin' physics 
 But my life, is different 
 What good is the success if the happiness is missin'? 3:30 I am dismissin'. 
 Any competition, 'cause I gotta eat 
 You show me a rapper, that's someone I gotta beat. 
 And most people redshirt, because they cannot compete. 
 Think and my wing span says anything is in my reach. 
 When Atlanta was poppin' BMF with Big Meech 
 I was stuck in the school, I was more that they could teach 
 But slow and steady wins the race 
 Thought I was hare but I'm movin at a tortoise pace 
 And that's what I prefer, so get a cup and mix it up 
 And let it go down, I know now, 
 That life feels better when you slow down. 
 Chorus: elDee The Don 
 Slow down 
 Man I gotta slow down 
 There's way to many friends that gossip will go round 
 Wish I woulda knew then what I know now 
 But for now, life feels better when it's slowed down 
 Man I gotta slow down 
 There's way to many friends that gossip will go round 
 Wish I woulda knew then what I know now 
 But for now, life feels better when it's slowed down. 
 Verse 2: Black Thought 
 Uh, I know it now I wish I knew it then 
 Diminished returns, I burned through a few of them 
 Remember when I was in a position you were in 
 Shit would be different if I had it all to do again 
 Oh to be new again, 
 Young upstart from the rough part 
 Tryna make his dreams come true again 
 I watched gold disappear while pursuin' it 
 Seen cats capture the flag then let it ruin them 
 A grasshopper tryna learn kung-fu again 
 It's deja-vu living shit I been through again 
 A little word from the wise, remain true within 
 This is from a boss, look at where the Root's crew has been 
 Yeah it's true I got the soul of an old town 
 And real talk, that what come around go around 
 Before the drama get to large to hold down 
 It's in your best interest to try and slow it down 
 (Chorus: elDee The Don) 
 Verse 3: Chiddy Bang 
 Hey I'm sorry I took long, you probably could saw me sooner 
 And let me to take the time out to dispel the rumors, 
 Chiddy Bang still here, keep it rollin' like a victim in a wheel chair 
 I'm tired of everybody that be gossiping, 
 They want to know if we be making what we be profitin' 
 Snoop Dogg, nowadays I sip a lot of gin, 
 And at this altitude I'm kinda low on oxygen. 
 Maybe I need to breath, 
 It's all or nothing when you're nothing at all. 
 That's the reason I'm so excessive when I'm up in the mall, 
 Why's it takin' so long I got cribs to get, 
 And don't I lay my plot down like arithmetic. 
 Uh, I said I done it here and south mon is here. 
 I was born to do this you don't need to check my Punnett square 
 So get a blunt of what you want and let it go round 
 And I know that life feels better when it's slowed down. 
 (Chorus: elDee The Don) 
 Verse 4: Chiddy Bang 
 And I'ma make it to the stars with the bars, 
 Yellow brick road my life the Wizard of the Oz 
 I know gettin' that job is always gonna be hard 
 But for now, we goin' plot to take over the world 
 And I'ma make it to the stars with the bars, 
 Yellow brick road my life the Wizard of the Oz 
 I know gettin' that job is always gonna be hard 
 But for now, 
 (ElDee The Don:) life feels better when it slows down 
 Karen Ortiz loves Brian Moreno 
 more 
 , Yes this is true and always will be :D 
 PS. I love you baby! Don't 
 ever 
 forget it :))