DJ Khaled: 
 Diaz Brothers 
 DJ Khaled 
 I rep my city 
 Dade County, let's go! 
 Trick Daddy: 
 Dade County stand up right now 
 Always from Carol City to Florida City, Opa-Locka 
 By way to Overtown and look at this city 
 Open to Grove and the South Miami 
 Wedwood Highlear, look Eddie, look 'Bana 
 Some many ice P-Rhymes rich 
 Dade County, let it do what it do 
 DJ Khaled: 
 Rest in peace to Uncle Al 
 We The Best 
 Dade County, let's go 
 I rep my city 
 Nigga, I rep my city 
 Miami, Listennn 
 Trick Daddy: 
 I'm well-connected, well-respected fo' gangsta shit 
 I'm from the city of Caprices and Impalas bitch 
 Yo I'm from down the way, you know--around the way 
 Dade Country, 305, rep the whole M-I-A 
 A.K.'s and Chevrolets, nappy braids and heads shaved 
 Look here, shit real, we really get it how we live 
 We get on heavy creel, we get on heavy pills 
 Me and my niggas, and my Cubans and my Haitians them 
 Bitch I'm from Dade County, we go way harder 
 We do it way bigga (why), 'cause we some made niggas 
 For on pray they raised to get money waist 
 We gon' get it off they pop like we get it down in Dade 
 Aye 
 Bitch I'm from Dade County 
 Bitch I'm from Dade County 
 Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby) 
 Bitch I'm from Dade County 
 Bitch I'm from Dade County 
 Bitch I'm from Dade County (I'ma be forever thuggin', baby) 
 Trina: 
 305, it's my city 
 Yes, I'm from Dade County 
 Plus I'm fly, so I keep some bad bitches 'round me 
 Whuddup Khaled, you my nigga so hold, lemme git 'em 
 Yes I'm back, plus I'm mad, so I ain't playin' wit 'em 
 Any bitch wanna come test me, 
 Yup, come to my city, that's where I be 
 I ride all in the hood in my new Bentley wit my ass sit on jag 
 I don't give a fuck (what?!) 
 Ride out, 'cause I'm runnin' the south 
 Got some real gangsta niggas that'll run in ya house 
 Wanna open my mouth shit that's the sound 
 They go "Brra-Tat-Tat" so you betta watch out 
 Ouch! 
 Rick Ross: 
 Bitch I got money too 
 "Trilla" album comin' soon 
 Triple C's, 305, B-O-E give us room 
 Whip the keys (twenty-five!), in the kitchen (cookin' food!) 
 Baby "We The Best", quit, hate the rest 
 Dade County, you name it (whudd?!) 
 You roll it, I like it (Ross!) 
 She rollin' wit moa (moa!) 
 Talk to 'em like it (yuh!) 
 Khaled's the boss 
 Like Ricky's the Ross 
 Everyone of my doggs, where my dickies in The Source 
 Come here girl, lemme get you this 
 This one Rick try to get you rich 
 Candy paint on my six-six (six), you can call that bitches rich 
 I'm out this sports, I'm in the game 
 Fallin' the blaze, causin fo' Dade 
 DJ Khaled: 
 Doe Boy, Slip-N-Side 
 Epedemic, Dope Ridas, Cash Money, Terror Squad 
 Dade County, I do this fo' us 
 Listennn 
 Brisco: 
 Yuh, I got money too 
 Bris', I be comin' through 
 Ca$h-Money, money bags (yes!) got me livin' comfortable (Yeah!) 
 Still hood, still real (Unhh!), Opa-Locka is real (Yeah!) 
 Off my dogs daddy dad, so wanna cook it on them pills 
 Dade County dope-boy, best believe I'm 'bout dat doe 
 Chose come up get 'em yep, we ain't really by that def 
 Yeah, I'm the future, got the goons 'round me 
 And yeah I rep my city, bitch 
 I'm from Dade County 
 Flo-Rida: 
 Ay! 
 Don't you for I really get 'em up throw 'em up, who ya wanna be? 
 Gitt'em, we hit em, we split 'em, we stick em, touch you wanna mine gotta grill 'em 
 Boii, the city where they got the illest, killas 
 M-I-A my niggaz, hommie we don't play 
 Better get out the way, you ain't ever seen real go realer 
 Do not be thankin' we soft or we sweet 
 Come on the opposite side of the beach 
 They gotta the choppas that'll put you to sleep 
 Yeah, that's them choppas, you know what I mean 
 That's when I top wanna say about your dreams 
 We on the tox' clippin' that clean 
 Holla on the block 'cause we under degrees 
 That's what about rep that A-P-T's 
 Dope-Boy, just call me a Doe Boy 
 I'm that international boy, Flo-Rida fo' sho boy 
 Triple C's the second, I get it fo' low, boy 
 We trillin' 'cause we the best in Dade County 
 You better know it, cause 
 C-Ride: 
 Carol City on my mind, we mobbin' out the line 
 I'm on dat Chevy on 28's, I'm changin' all lines 
 We work hard, nigga you sleep, pu-pu-pushin', we run the streets 
 You are whatchu eat, young pussy, go brush ya teef 
 Try to keep that Ca$h Money like big city, 
 I got a girl, I got a boy I'm big city 
 I gotta rep my city, C-Ridin', durrt bags dro hound, let's go get it 
 Dade County goons, open Dade County cocks ho' 
 Get yo'self if you don't get with it Dade County my ho! 
 Dre: 
 Unhh 
 From the def to C's back to Opa-Locka 
 D-R-E, 'nuff Miami shoot up off ya block 
 Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same 
 I got a choppa in the kitchen, Betty Croc is the name (Yup!) 
 I needs my big County in big booty ho' she pretty 
 Let her push the Chevy, hogg through city 
 Let 'em know that 54 'cause on the video overtime 
 They got rockin' every city them niggaz back pounds of that purp' 
 Yeah--What it is, what it does, we are th-th-the best 
 I'm from the city where you need to were somebody go to fast 
 Ain't no other city realer then the city I stay in 
 The cake, I reppin the realest city we stay 
 Nigga!