DJ Khaled 
 DJ Khaled! 
 Another one! 
 We the Best Music! 
 Whoa, can't let you roll 
 I'll let you know that's she's the one, not the two 
 Yeah yeah yeah, shade without the H 
 Most think we smooth with this young nigga attitude 
 Girl, is you ready, ready, ready? Yeah, yeah 
 I'm tired, baby, you tired 
 Of them headaches, headaches, headaches, yeah 
 But I'mma give you what you looking for 
 Just be down for life (for life) just be down for life (for life) 
 Just be down for life (for life) I'mma be down for life (for life) 
 Are you down for life? (for life) just be down for life 
 Just be ready with it, yeah, yeah 
 P-A-I-D in F-U-L-L (Super) 
 M-O-N-E-Y K-I-L-L 
 I go to J-A-I-L, F-U-C-K all them cops, yeah, fuck 12 
 Roll it up tight then put it in the air 
 I'm tryna find me a rider that's real 
 Icing you down for the demonstrations 
 Down, down for the demonstrations 
 We gotta live for our reputations 
 You got your level up, you got your level up 
 Uno amigo your caliber 
 24k on an amateur, I get 100k out a bag 
 I spent 100k on your bag, that's a crocodile Birk 
 They tryna throw dirt on my name and they seeing what I'm worth 
 I pull up dripping like BB, I get so many fresh everyday 
 You better hope I don't OD, I keep a chopper like BG 
 Young money nigga no PG, slow it down for me like juvie 
 I catch a homi' like lil' T, I'm in the streets like a HB 
 They made a movie in 3D, we made a film at AMC's 
 Here come another one, Khaled; here come another one, Khaled 
 (Another one) 
 Girl, is you ready, ready, ready? Yeah, yeah 
 I'm tired, baby, you tired 
 Of them headaches, headaches, headaches, yeah 
 But I'mma give you what you looking for 
 Just be down for life (for life) just be down for life (for life) 
 Just be down for life (for life) I'mma be down for life (for life) 
 Are you down for life? (for life) just be down for life 
 Just be ready with it, yeah, yeah (yah, yah, straight up) 
 I'mma pull up on you, is you ready? 
 Do something different, girl, let me show you (yah!) 
 Niggas love to hate, bitches love to hate 
 That's why I spoil you (straight up) 
 I can't lie, I can't lie, you've been down since day one 
 I'll go out pull out the hammer and kill shit if they say some' (yah!) 
 Ooh, I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it (straight up) 
 Ooh, I'll do it, I'll do it, I'll do it 
 The season success, 6 reasons I'm blessed 
 Secret societies, he seems so possessed 
 First you master the hustle, then you conquer the struggle 
 Now I'm stacking my numbers, just like they tackles and fumbles 
 Every week, there's pictures of different bitches kissing me 
 But the one that stole my heart, that's still a mystery 
 Chill, Khaled, chill; Bill, let it bill 
 Squat, shorty, squat, please, in them heels 
 Just be down for life (Kodak) just be down for life (Kodak) 
 Just be down for life, I'mma be down for life (Kodak) 
 I'll be down for life (woo) just be down for life (woo) 
 And just be ready, you with it (woo), yeah, yeah 
 Tell me you ready, baby girl, tell me you ready 
 And I'mma be there in a second, won't take you for granted 
 I'ma treat you like the fetty 
 'Cause, baby, you know I go get it 
 She know that I got a check, and that paper come in steady 
 She want Audemars Piguet, she wanna ride in a Bentley 
 I'mma step up, take a rental, I know she digging my pimping 
 Baby, stop playing, get with it 
 Baby, stop playing, get with it 
 I know you tired of them gimmicks 
 But you fucking with the realest 
 Is you ready for the one? I'm coming 
 Is you ready for the life I'm living? 
 I'mma be down like a damn coffin 
 I want you with me till God call me 
 Tell all them lame niggas "Sayonara" 
 I hit the jeweler and bought a car 
 Wide receiver, I just caught a charge 
 Girl, is you ready to go tomorrow? 
 When I'm with you, I look like a star 
 This one right here is gon' take me far 
 Girl, is you ready, ready, ready? Yeah, yeah 
 I'm tired, baby, you tired 
 Of them headaches, headaches, headaches, yeah 
 But I'mma give you what you looking for 
 Just be down for life (for life) just be down for life (for life) 
 Just be down for life (for life) I'mma be down for life (for life) 
 Are you down for life? (for life) just be down for life 
 Just be ready with it, yeah, yeah 
 Khaled! 
 It's We the Best for life (straight up) 
 DJ Khaled! 
 We the Best Music! 
 I pray we holding hands as we walk across the burning sands 
 These words for you are genuine, we define loyalty 
 (Another one)