Birdman, what up? 
 Last time I seen bird, He Said Young Nigga Get This Money 
 Fuck these niggas 
 And you know what I said 
 I said, fuck 'em! 
 DJ Khaled 
 Uh, murcielago when the doors go up 
 And when the money fall You Know the hoes turn up 
 But, When the Money Gone You Know The Hoes Turn Down 
 And I pray to God He Don't Let my soul burn up! 
 Born sinner nigga, I was Born winnin' 
 Heart Cold, but my soul warm in it 
 Glock 40 and, I go to war with it 
 Steady aim, shoota' with a form, with it (swish) 
 And I go on tour with it 
 If I see It, Then You Know I'm Gon Get It 
 Yeah nigga, for the love of that paper 
 I got hoes sipping, liquor, six in the morning with it 
 I'd die for this Cream, die for my dreams 
 As I stay and I fight on the side of the ring 
 With my back to the rope 
 Hear The Crowd as they scream 
 But I come out on top like Mohamed Ali, woo! 
 These hoes fuck so good 
 Now lil nigga get money now! 
 Same bitches laughing at me I was dead broke 
 Gettin' head from 'em thinkin' how funny now! 
 Brand new Rolls Royce in the summer now 
 Big boy mink coats when they come around 
 And they wanna put a hole in my soul 
 Head Shot for a hater now simmer down 
 Uh, murcielago when the doors go up 
 And when the money fall You Know the hoes turn up 
 But, When the Money Gone You Know All The Hoes Turn Down 
 And I pray to God He Don't Let my soul burn up! 
 Uh, murcielago when the doors go up 
 And when the money fall You Know the hoes turn up 
 But, When the Money Gone You Know All The Hoes Turn Down 
 And I pray to God He Don't Let my soul burn up! 
 Yeah, what's poppin' Khaled nigga 
 Top block, ya understand me, yeah 
 Eight million dollars on a brand new Lamb 
 Suicide like revolvers don't jam 
 Mountain top, nigga, high in his fame 
 Filthy rich, still doing my thing 
 Popped off, we had to pop that spot 
 Jewels flying, nigga, we're so hot 
 Yachts, condos, living that life 
 I'll do it again and I'll pay that twice! 
 Blaat 
 Murcielago when the doors go up 
 And when the money fire and all the hoes turn up 
 Bo, when the money guiding all the hoes turn out 
 And I pray God, he won't let my soul burn up! 
 Murcielago when the doors go up 
 And when the money fire and all the hoes turn up 
 And when the money guiding all the hoes turn out 
 And I pray God, he won't let my soul burn up!