And you know it don't stop 
 Grindin round that clock 
 Masterminding my second album 
 My first album just dropped 
 Scored a touchdown on my first down 
 Niggas thought I was gon' flop 
 See I hustle like my momma but I look just like my pops 
 And we still duckin cops 
 Ride around and take shots 
 Hennessy for my enemies 
 Niggas know I'm takin' they spot 
 Cause that score up on the play clock 
 Show just how I came from way back 
 Just like T-I-P told you ASAP but you niggas rappin' like Aesop 
 Get a grip 
 Oh that's your dream car? Nigga that's my old whip 
 Oh that's your dream girl? Nigga that's my old bitch 
 Oh that's your new flow? Nigga that's my old shit! 
 This that new KRIT shit, that Cole shit, them country niggas 
 One for the money, two for the show 
 Three for them hoes saying anything goes 
 They say they ready for whatever! 
 They say they ready for whatever 
 I been around the world, twice to be exact 
 Six bad bitches and they lapped up in the back 
 They say they ready for whatever! 
 They say they ready for whatever! 
 Shawty look what we got 
 My bass beat and it knock 
 Got the old school in my old school 
 Bout to post up on yo block 
 Yo broad chose like she was supposed to and you up in arms 'cause she bopped 
 I hate to say it but I got to say that I wish that they would just stop 
 So fuck these haters, fuck these hoes that ain't slammin' doors on they drop 
 Y'all niggas too young to remember how to the south used to be but I'm not 
 So when it come to snappin', Cadillacs, SpottieOttieDopaliscious, y'all pop 
 You thought Krit Wuz Here and R4 were the shit, bitch wait till my album drop 
 Say that's yo new car? Nigga that's my old slab 
 Say that's yo new bitch? Nigga that's my old stab 
 Oh that's yo new flow? That shit sound so trash 
 This that new KRIT shit, that Cole shit, them country niggas 
 Hol' up, but don't forget about Compton nigga 
 One for the money, two for the show 
 Three for No Limit and the rest for Death Row 
 That means I been 'bout it 'bout it and this is the realist shit I ever wrote 
 And if anyone ever doubt it then they are the loudest of liars I know 
 I only desire to blow, she only desire to blow 
 And I hope that my dick is a whistlely flute, and that's not the instrumental 
 Now pick up my coat 
 You let that motherfucker drag like RuPaul, I'll drag your ass to the floor 
 Bitch, I can admit, I'm a recovered addict, paraphernalia that is 
 Telling the doctor I'm sick, head doctor I'm needing your lips, yeah 
 Proper analogy for it, if I can afford it then I won't ignore it, 
 Cop me a palace and Porsche and right when I floor it that's when I switch gears 
 Living my life on Uranus, uh, keeping one foot in your anus, uh 
 The other foot all on your neck, repeatedly stomp till I break it, uh 
 Bitch I'm demanding respect, these bitches is telling me take it 
 DJ Khaled, even if I had callus, holding the torch ain't no challenge 
 Ain't it 
 One for the money, two for the show 
 Three for them hoes saying anything goes 
 They say they ready for whatever! 
 They say they ready for whatever 
 I been around the world, twice to be exact 
 Six bad bitches and they lapped up in the back 
 They say they ready for whatever! 
 They say they ready for whatever!