I don't do work I do damage, every time I pick up the mic I manage 
 To diss someone or get somebody pissed 
 Take off my coat, clear my throat and begin to dismiss 
 All you fucked up punks that pollute mankind 
 Give me the mic take a hike, give me a piece of mind 
 Don't shout shut your mouth I'm trying to think cleary 
 You say my rhymes are dope check it out 
 This is nearly the start of something big like startin' a fire 
 You think the party is here, I'll take the level higher 
 I'm Everlast get off your ass you cut my rug you understand my game plan 
 You say man that kid bug, soya blood cotacs if you like the key 
 Now I'll stomp your head till you're dead or at least till you bleed 
 Fuck everyone! 
 It's the Syndicate I say what I want to, 
 I say, "Hey fuck off punk" just to taunt you 
 Into believing the ryhmes I say are meant for one thing 
 And that's achieving my goal 
 So I can stroll where the fat money rolls, 
 'Cross the bridge over trouble waters 
 Pay the toll with no bother, no fuss, 
 In God I trust but the rest pay the cash that's a must 
 The reason I'm teasin' you is it's pleasin' me to see how funny this can be 
 When I grab the mic I'm like a three wheel bike 
 I'm always on a roll, I'm always good as gold, 
 So before you smack lip stick and try to talk shit 
 I'll tell you now the battle's over and the joint is lit so quit 
 All hell breaks loose and it's a little known fact 
 T hat I attract and cause a crowd to react 
 Like an atomic explosion of the pacific ocean 
 The crowd gets large and I got this notion 
 All I wanna do is speak my rhyme and get paid 
 'Cause I'm in a trade to not be played and watch suckerss get slain 
 Put out of business, come on what is this, you came too late, boy 
 Class been dismissed, canceled, terminated put on a natural brake 
 North, find a new school to attend 'cause you know I'm goona say what I wanna 
 I'll grab the microphone and let my knowledge be born up, intelligence 
 Excellence, razor sharp wit, it's known shit, it's always gotta be legit 
 And up to par no matter who you are, 
 I know I'm not the best but I still leave scars on your brain cells 
 What the hell... 
 Fuck Everyone! 
 Everybody... Fuck'em... (2x) 
 Every everybody fuck'em! 
 I got Tipper Gore protestin' my lyrics, 
 Fuck that bitch I don't need a clearance 
 To write my rhymes, speak my mind, 
 You can't censor me the public's not blind 
 It's time they knew what's goin' on, 
 You shouldn't have the power to stop a song 
 Even if you don't like what you hear 
 Even if the song is strikin' fear into your heart 
 Body, soul and brain it's my opinion so it's my domain, 
 Fuck all those standin' in my way 
 Step to me and you'll have to pay what I say so pay your debt 
 You fuck with me and you'll have regrets 
 Fuck everyone... 
 Fuck'em (2x)... 
 Fuck'em now... 
 Fuck the fed now fuck'em now... 
 Fuck'em everybody! 
 We don't want to hear bullshit niggers... 
 Fuck Everyone (2x)... 
 Fuck'em 
 Now, fuck you HAHA... 
 Fuck'em!