(Rakim) 
 Ay, yo this right here man, it's like the documentary of a gangsta man, the rise and fall 
 (IQ) 
 How them boys gon' play me? They must be crazy, baby, oh you better pay me 
 (Rakim) 
 I ain't playin' wit y'all 
 (IQ) 
 How them actors gon' act up, like I ain't got back up, back up 'for you get smacked up 
 (Rakim) 
 Where my paper man? 
 (IQ) 
 Why they wanna play games with me? But they don't know that I'm crazy 
 (Rakim) 
 Don't make me kill someone. 
 (IQ) 
 I don't know what they thinking, they must've been drinkin'. 
 (Rakim) 
 But what? 
 (IQ) 
 I'm that king pin 
 (Rakim) 
 He said slow papers, you're out oh. 
 It's like spittin', heresy is all about flow 
 Like he can't eat his cake and he starve when the count low 
 He call the lab the bakery, he all about dough 
 Stuffin' bread, his pockets is hungry 
 You talkin' nonsense, unless the topic is money 
 He call a hundred dollars a hunny, mommy's he call 'em dimes 
 So his mind's on his money, but mommy's is on his mind 
 Like a o.g. focused on the come-up, 
 Think he f-in around? He approachin' with the gun-up (bam) 
 Roll a blunt up and forget it happened 
 Stash the dollars, bag the product and get it crackin' 
 He get pies, he flippin' 'em tricks, he trickin' 'em 
 He call 'em heifers, he hugh heffin' 'em, he pimpin' 'em (where my money) 
 Fonzie, getting them ones for the connect 
 So have them ones correct when he come and collect (here he come) 
 Hook (IQ) 
 (Rakim) 
 That sound like blood money 
 And I ain't just talking double dubs and club money 
 I'm talking drug money, move out the hood money 
 Double up money, you could catch a slug money 
 This kid'll murder you, more than the business 
 If you livin' for revenue its principal never personal 
 Get rid of you if you blockin' the bigger picture 
 He on the block thinkin' a gwop is gettin' richer (get them ones) 
 He flipped some urban blue, played with them keys 
 For them c-notes, so he can handle the whole piano 
 Hammers unloadin' ammo, if his army ain't in harmony 
 He kill his own fam-o, like tony soprano 
 He's tryin' to take it from minor to major and grind for the caper 
 His mind is made up, he'll die for the paper 
 Crime is second nature when you love cash 
 Do 'em dirty, he turned the ave into a blood bath (here he come) 
 Hook (IQ) 
 (Rakim) 
 The heater bustin' mean the reaper comin' 
 Drug money keep him buggin' out the trees he puffin' 
 Streets is buzzin' 'bout the repercussion 
 But he so much in love with his bread, the beef is nothin' (ain't nothin' man) 
 He got medals for war, just like a veteran 
 But now he bringin' cheddar in, more than he ever been, 
 Banked up, he stepped his hustle - pimp, smoke, coke, crack 
 Heroin game up, American gangsta (uh huh) 
 Sleep with the fish while he ran the loot and 
 You like ballin? He like stealin' and shootin' 
 Comrades, customers, competition connect (don't matter) 
 Some hustlers is wishin' and plottin' the day of his death (bring it on man) 
 What's his focus? Keys is. 
 Even with karma catchin' up, it's hard to set him up, he always holdin' heaters (whoa) 
 But yo, they know his weakness, so they gave that bread to him 
 Somebody put a gun to his head, guess what he said to 'em? 
 Hook (IQ)