* Also appears on _the militia remix_ 12 and the belly soundtrack 
 A special guest it's the militia... it's the militia 
 (Guru) 
 This is a conquest, so I suggest you take a rest 
 Or keep a breath, but definitely keep a vest on that chest 
 Rymes I'm packin, just like a thug at a car-jackin' 
 Shoot off your hat when I start cappin, this is no actin' 
 G-a-n-g, s-t-a double r 
 And you don't want no trouble up in here, baby pa 
 From the late-night drama, of the new york streets 
 To the hoods of la, real niggas likin primo's beats 
 Put suckers on glass, send em, back to class 
 And kick hot shit, so we can stack the johnny cash 
 I brought the god, rakim, lyrically gunning you wanna dash? 
 I got dub c, from south c, what you doubt me? 
 Travellin through warzones with my infrared microphone 
 In the year one mill, destroying, enemies chromozones 
 Words burn through flesh, leavin' nothing but skeletal 
 You best pay resepect to the legends, boy I'm tellin' you, militia 
 --The illest-- --realest-- --representin-- 
 --Bringin' the rukkus-- --let it be known-- 
 --The illest-- --realest-- --word up-- 
 It's the militia --> freddie foxxx *repeat* 
 (Wc) 
 Makin' a move, makin' a move, who's that nigga that's makin' a move? 
 It's the shadiest rhymin'-back, actin' a motherfucking fool 
 Four-four packers, my jackets ? hittin the tag? saggin, baggin 
 Foot on my rag, mess up a bag, leavin' my enemies in bodybags 
 You niggas was crackin', what y'all thought it wasn't gon' happen? 
 Dub c and my east coast sisters gettin' together rappin' 
 Gun-clappin, chump smackin, kiss the ring of your highness 
 Look while I'm in new york city, 
 Walkin' with two of the brooklyn's finest 
 My two affiliates from the east we all bang 
 But if y'all don't mind, this is still westside connec' gang 
 Dress-code the same, just new pieces on my neck 
 East coast brownies, house shoes, and hair nets 
 Y'all can't see this, so peep the sister g is pushin a six 
 As I freak this, caviar gangstarr militia remix 
 It's dub c the jankiest loc', I'm runnin' this here 
 With the guru and new york's hardest, DJ premier, militia 
 (Rakim) 
 Yo, it's the master, mister, musical massacre 
 Passion for disaster, paragraph ambassador 
 R get the red carpet, just call me on 
 Corner the market like the mic's last name was corleone 
 The facade killer, come through your city like godzilla 
 Think of the sickest thing you ever seen, ra's iller 
 My vision's vicious, suspect suspicious 
 Plans is ambitious, my motive's malicious 
 No interferin, if you ain't down, you got to swearin 
 And these cats they ain't carin, habitat awarin 
 Crack appearin, from out the track that I'm hearin 
 It's either that, or I'm going back to racketeering 
 Yo, you should see me, I got a crew like mussolini 
 But kool as moe dee, my flow be, smooth and easy 
 For turnin' ? area centers? to wilers, you get the picture? 
 Rakim is, the minist', with malice, militia 
 Gangstarr, the r, dub c, baby pa. straight up, check it out