(Intro : Trinidad James) 
 What you thought, we were gon' turn out 
 From the mothefuckin' Southside? 
 (Intro/Bridge : Trinidad James) 
 You from the East side, then throw it up 
 You from the East side, then throw it up 
 You from the West side, then throw it up 
 You from the West side, then throw it up 
 This is south side and we showin' up 
 This is south side and we showin' up 
 (X2) 
 Ratchet bitches, we love 'em 
 Classy bitches, we fuck 'em 
 Southside nigga, till the death of me 
 Fuck nigga, it's nothin' 
 (Verse 1 : Forte Bowie) 
 I'm from the Southside of the city 
 Niggas ain't fuckin' with me 
 We keep it 100, y'all niggas do 50 
 These bitches ain't nothin' 
 All these hoes is trickin' 
 I'm saving all my love 
 That's rest in peace to Ms. Whitney 
 I said what the fuck is your problem, nigga? 
 Flexin' up like you mobbin', nigga 
 Boss up with your bitch ass 
 My team put you on silent, nigga 
 What it does, I'm in this bitch 
 I'm on the juice and my bitch too thick 
 Them thirsty hoes don't get no dick 
 Them thirsty hoes don't get no dick 
 I get it how I live it 'cause I spit it like a G 
 I can eat it when I'm in it 'cause we winnin', can't you see? 
 Nigga I walk it like I wanna walk it 
 Talk it like a bitch 
 Niggas be smilin' up in my face 
 But they be steady talkin' shit 
 Pussy nigga what's up ?! What's up ?! 
 Ya ain't nothin' but a busta! Busta! 
 Southside nigga do Southside shit 
 Y'all niggas done fucked up! Fucked up! 
 Tell a pussy nigga what's up ?! What's up ?! 
 Ya ain't nothin' but a busta! Busta! 
 Southside nigga do Southside shit 
 Y'all niggas done fucked up! Fucked up! 
 Givin' it to 'em like... 
 (Hook x4 : Trinidad James) 
 Ratchet bitches, we love 'em 
 Classy bitches, we fuck 'em 
 Southside nigga, till the death of me 
 Fuck nigga, it's nothin' 
 (Verse 2 : Trinidad James) 
 I'm from 417, Valley hill 
 We got fills and 66 fuckin' texaco (yes sir!) 
 Y'all nigga's rookie, I'm professional (bitch!) 
 Bringing swag back for these niggas (yes sir!) 
 Don't believe ? Check my instagram 
 Check the comments, your girl in 'em (jealous) 
 Got emoji faces with the hearts in 'em (freak!) 
 Can't trust these women, put yo heart in 'em (true!) 
 This my year, I'm going hard nigga 
 Call me the truth ? That's an undastatement 
 I prefer to call the butt naked (no socks) 
 I like my bitches butt naked (no drawls) 
 Got weed and molly and swag for sale 
 Fuck nigga, I'm not playin' 
 Miss lady, I'm just sayin' 
 With the pussy going, Vodka, I don't mind pay it 
 South side nigga now I play it, I ain't booshie, ho 
 Catch me at AMC, 24, my slim ho 
 Me and her in them Concordes 
 Gives these hoes a heart attack 
 When a south side nigga in a bucket hat 
 With them diamond slacks (them diamond slacks) 
 My belt be A-S (Jame$), my outfit be Offset (Jame$!) 
 And kicks calls for a double take cause these joints ain't out yet (GOLDGANG!) 
 I couldn't wait, I had to do it 
 She telling me she had to do me 
 Pants on the pussy got mad and let my nigga Forte do her 
 (Hook x4 : Trinidad James) 
 Ratchet bitches, we love 'em 
 Classy bitches, we fuck 'em 
 Southside nigga, till the death of me 
 Fuck nigga, it's nothin'...