Bruiser! That's my crew 
 Bruiser! But don't forget the brew 
 MGD's and Colt 45's 
 But don't forget the Molson Ice 
 I'm about to drink a Heineken 
 I'm about to drink a Heineken 
 Met a white bitch with a China friend 
 She gone slurp me and she gone slurp my friends 
 Bruiser! That's my crew 
 Bruiser! But don't forget the brew 
 Colt runners and Bud Ice 
 Don't forget the Miller High Life 
 We about to drink some PBR's 
 No bottles at the club nigga, we at the bar 
 UK niggas up in the pubs, they watching them soccer games 
 We just drunk as fuck, nigga, we bumpin' Waka Flame 
 Yo Bitch! She wanna fuck 
 Yo Bitch! She wanna suck 
 What the fuck you think she post to do? 
 But if she fuck me she gotta fuck the crew 
 (Ad Libs: Dopehead) 
 Bruiser Brigade bitch! 
 If you ain't pullin a nigga dick out and slapping yourself with it 
 Throwing this bitch in your mouth sucking dick with bubbles 
 Fucking all night and drinking protein shakes in the morning 
 Get the fuck outta here! 
 I don't give a fuck 'bout none of these ho ass niggas 
 I don't give a fuck 'bout none of these ho ass niggas 
 I'm drunk as fuck might fire on one of these niggas 
 We drunk as fuck we bout jump these niggas 
 Bruiser! That's my crew 
 Bruiser! But don't forget the brew 
 We drink everything up on the shelf 
 Now we hurling in the bathroom, I need some help 
 But that's the life of bruiser nigga 
 Don't make me have to shoot a nigga 
 Bitch, it's Bruiser brigade 
 Bitch, it's Bruiser brigade 
 (Verse 3: Dopehead) 
 I need some brain, I think I lost mine 
 I'm higher than Swizz Beatz hairline 
 You always cake up then bake up, say what? 
 You rappers cuff and you fake as lace fronts 
 Dopehead hustle harder, niggas can't knock it 
 Super skinnies, loosies breaking in my back pocket 
 I slam a rapper head first like The Undertaker 
 Head butt your whole skull in, nigga fuck a hater 
 You soft as Elvin off the Cosby's 
 My niggas down to do a homi' 
 Bruiser Brigade and don't forget the brew 
 Styling on rappers since Northwestern High School 
 Calling me ahead of my time is an insult 
 I don't need a pencil this shit is all mental 
 You rappers are wack, mad as hell and you bored as fuck 
 I hit the stage grab the mic and do my Jordan shrug