Indo, kushed out 
 Trillest nigga living ever pushed out 
 Never finished college, like my brother or my sister 
 I was in the crib laying on a kush cloud 
 Getting zoned out, eyes red 
 Mommy and my daddy said my mind dead 
 They said I never had a clue, said the bills past due 
 Fuck you, nigga, you gotta remind Fred 
 'Cause I'm care-free, sucker-free 
 Remember when these niggas wouldn't fuck with me 
 But now I'm on the screen and these magazines 
 They be trying to stop a nigga like 
 smoke something, G 
 "Can we get a couple grams?" nigga, hell nah 
 Unless you come in with the cash, tried to tell y'all 
 I got you motherfuckers gassed on the smell, dog 
 So go 'head and take a hit of what I'm 'bout to sell y'all 
 I gets high 
 I get high, I get high, I get high 
 (I gets high) 
 (Verse 2: Freddie Gibbs) 
 I get so blowed I can't stand up 
 I'm in the bed with Elise and Amanda 
 Cause in my shows I make them hoes put their hands up 
 So they came into my room, they getting rammed up 
 We trying to slam or what? Because I'm trying to smoke 
 So when I finish with these Swishers I'll be down your throat 
 And two of y'all, one of me, three of us 
 Should I hit my niggas up? Hell nah, I'mma pound them both 
 Cause this a one man job, ain't no need for the crew 
 Two snow bunnies on the East, what it do? 
 White snow in the crib if you need that too 
 Got some bitches and some bud, nigga, bring that through 
 I gets high 
 I get high, I get high, I get high 
 (I gets high) 
 Early in the morning getting high with crusty eyes 
 Rubbing on a mother, well you know it's do or die 
 Hopping off the porch, had to get on my grind 
 All because the trouble just copped to my nine 
 Back in the Caddy smoking Swishers with my nigga 
 Make a store run, 'bout to cop out some liquor 
 Burning down basements, face it 
 Run a bus stop, I'm trading hoes and you know we ain't paying 
 Midwest, loving all the doping in the kitchen 
 Heating up the house where your shit could come up missin' 
 Dope fiend tripping 'cause he just copped a nick 
 But he say he can't find it, but it's right in his pocket 
 All day long, gotta get my guap 
 Just put a deuce and I'm smoking on the tropic 
 [?] Light is the topic 
 'Cause he talking money so nigga just stop it 
 All day long getting high on the low 
 Bitch snow bunny be sniffing that snow 
 Twerking that summer, I really don't know 
 Cause me, Freddie Gibbs, Madlib stay blowed 
 I get high, I get high, I get high 
 (I gets high) 
 Hey, are you okay? 
 You slobbing, you okay? 
 Is he okay? 
 Are you okay? 
 He shouldn't have smoked that dipper for real 
 You aight? 
 Oh my God 
 God bless, man