(Introduction) 
 In 2013, the World Government placed sanctions against freethinking individuals in order to force people to adhere to one way of life. An independently funded organization called ("Stop fucking downloading music for free and we can save hip hop!" in reverse) hired 100 assassins to infiltrate the headquarters where files were kept. 
 Of these 100, 97 were captured, tortured, and executed. 
 Only three remained. 
 The third of which was said to own an arsenal that would rival an entire city's police force. 
 The second was rumoured was to be able to move throughout space and time. 
 And the first... 
 (Jean Grae) 
 Fasten your seatbelts for the last of the three assassins on Earth 
 The first flashing her purse with a heat stealth 
 They call me Jean McCoy, the beast in me employed 
 To ploy deplorable through audible destructive actions attractive to Coy 
 Hey, pass to the Troy after, I'm passing your life over 
 Hell, deliver it through river styx 
 Hades, I'm cold, deliver it lady 
 My flow is limited, pray me some craze, whispering 
 "Stay on ya toes villains, it's Grae and your day's whittling!" (hey) 
 Blistering lines packed in six stick to spine 
 Rap with a sick mind trapped in thick bitch frame (ooh yeah) 
 Drug you with strychnine and I drinks you drunk and it's my kidney you dick brain 
 I'm just itching to slit veins 
 Stitch lines! Rip game!? Fuck yo lives 
 Sick range visions nigga, kick rocks or kick rhymes until the pain? 
 (Liquor it or liver) Sippin' it, sippin' it like Capri Sun 
 Ignorant as ever, she clever, equivalent be none 
 A ball breaker, call fakers out with passion 
 You got the gall bastard to brawl with the broad bashers? 
 The ball's in your court, pass it! 
 You're worn in four faster than acid 
 With AIDS slapped on the back of a Kardashian 
 The wall crasher, you're all in the forecast 
 The gas pour in the corridors racking your doors blacking out 
 Catch Grae backing out the back door, cackling 
 Still make it back to the bar for last call 
 (Two.) 
 (Pharoahe Monch) 
 They ask me why I'm highly regarded, this god body probably 
 Monch is a mixture of Marcus Garvey, Miles Davis, and Bob Marley (radical) 
 Never skateboard slang like "gnarly" 
 More like, we in our whip on our way to the top like Charles Barkley 
 You are hardly prepared to spar with a marksman spot me 
 I'm gambit with the ace of spades, I'm mastering archery (Hercules) 
 Vehicular, particularly the vernacular 
 Specifically the fit so when I spit it's spectacular and accurate 
 When I attack I'm more like Acura 
 Flip Bloomberg the bird, bitch, more blood than Blackula 
 More Christian scriptures encrypted with backwards vernacular 
 But sicker than most of Glenn Close in Fatal Attraction 
 I am, that nigga for real 
 Per capita smacking the next rapper that uses the term "swag" or thereafter 
 These three assassins get to ass whipping 
 Prepare to for a professional ass that can shape shifts, spit, hollow tip clips mainly 
 Sick, ain't he? (mind control) 
 Make you shoot your best friend in the face, Dick Cheney 
 My life is like a documentary film 
 Depicted in black and white, flicks grainy (Geronimo!) 
 I'm on Guantanamo Bay taking pics in a Captain Morgan pose 
 With my left foot on a pile of detainees screaming "We are renegades!" 
 Fuck you. Pay me 
 (Jean Grae) Two. Where the fuck... no. Where the fuck is three? 
 (Pharoahe Monch) I know. I know. He's gonna be here 
 He gave me his word, trust me 
 (Jean Grae) Yeah, but he does this every time 
 (Pharoahe Monch) He's gonna be here trust me 
 (Jean Grae) He's gonna ruin this mission for us again 
 (Pharoahe Monch) Look, here he comes now 
 (Royce Da 5'9") 
 I be riding around with a stripper slash Burlesque model 
 I make it pop like my cock in Durex condom 
 I'm a -- opposite artist I find irony in going 
 From being like a stone in the grass to rocking the Garden 
 The same irony as going from fully automatic in the backyard to having the whole machine behind me 
 I take my Australian bitches and show some other thangs 
 She know my stroke is deadly so she gave me bloody brain 
 Don't try to get familiar, if I don't feel you in person 
 I'll flip the script and I'll accidentally kill you on purpose 
 The baddest when I'm flailing, I got so many furs 
 PETA gonna paint splash me when they see me, no matter what I'm wearing 
 Your bitch bout to open up, sniff some blow off of my dick 
 Guess you could say she on my coke and nuts/coconuts 
 I'm on point like Chris Paul 
 You on point like an Atlantic City hooker that licks balls 
 I'm bout to flip in this bitch like Dominique Dawes 
 And shut shit down like a car when it stalls 
 I am the deadliest rapper, you claiming that you flow like water 
 But really y'all niggas Evian backwards 
 Marshall hit the jackpot with this flow that I got 
 I know when I'm hot 
 It's my show to stop holding my crotch 
 My whip cleaner than Amish men in honest ends 
 Two dimes with me like I'm a twin 'cause I'm a ten 
 (Pharoahe Monch) 
 Okay... I'm in