Heheheh... hey yo... 
 There's a place I know where the bitches go 
 Where they rob you for you dough and shit on the low 
 In Southside... Queens, Queens 
 Where if you say The Ave. 
 People automatically know the path 
 You don't have to do the math 
 In Southside... Queens, Queens 
 I knew this nigga named Donovan 
 Astonishin the way he used to handle the pill God (word?) 
 Let me speak about the way he used to dribble off his knees 
 And in the middle at the same time guzzlin a beer 
 Like a puzzle or a riddle - discoverin his path to the hoop 
 Scoop, shot, tipped up the backboard OOPS 
 Son got hops, never knew he woulda threw it 
 Cool nigga, when it came to school he blew it 
 A scholar in acute niggarisms and metropolitans 
 Get taller and yo Donovan hey come around the block 
 Dunn got the three sons, fuckin' with coupons and refunds 
 Food stamps, and still he was a champ 
 Time to get loot for boots and kicks now 
 Fuck hoops gotta impress the chicks now 
 His momma said, "Donovan why are you 
 On the corner of Linden," and got all rude 
 He said, "Momma listen close I'ma tell you one time 
 You're killin' my high, plus I got a nine 
 All I be doin' is puttin' in work 
 So you can get a brand new dress for church 
 I know the Devil lurks outside, man it's cold 
 But I don't wanna get paid slow, and grow old 
 Like poppa - plus I'm on parole I gotta 
 Get paid off the streets, to make ends meet" 
 With the back of her hand, she smacked him in the face 
 Walked out of the crib-piece, pissed with no taste 
 That night, rockin' Nikes, eatin Mike'n'Ikes 
 Slapboxin with a dyke on a bike too small 
 Thinkin', "This time, next year, mom'll be able to... oh!" 
 Shit from across the streets, niggaz approach - slow 
 Well get the metal out, too late, the guns flash 
 In the melee they wet him like Reggae Sunsplash 
 Sun dashed with the quickness, back into the ride 
 With a smile on his face, the picture of pride 
 Blood comin' from his mouth, now I'm at his side 
 Kneelin over Donovan's body before he died 
 Eyes - flutterin up and down in his head 
 And with his last breath this is what he said 
 He said, "Why, why?" 
 Then I closed his eyes 
 There's a place I know where the people go 
 Where you can cash dough and chill on the low 
 In Southside... Queens, Queens 
 Where if you say The Ave. 
 People automatically know the path 
 You don't have to do the math 
 In Southside... Queens, Queens 
 And if you got a glock, you could bust shots 
 Like ??, when the block be hot 
 In... what we talkin' bout... Queens, Queens 
 Uh, c'mon uh 
 C'mon... uh uh 
 I know where people go... 
 Where you can cash dough and chill on the low...