(Woman screaming) 
 I'm obsessed with multiple nude photographs of the beat in my room on the wall 
 Pondering the verse, fondling my balls 
 Witness a nigga who will take rap and chase it 
 Through an occupied dimly lit staircase and rape it 
 Grab the drums by the waistline (scratches) 
 I snatch the kick, kick the snare, and sodomize the bassline 
 Never waste time, I give the verse rabies 
 Cum on the chorus, tell the hook to swallow my babies 
 Maybe I might... switch! Let the witch live 
 The original plan was to kill the bitch on the bridge 
 Ditch the body parts off somewhere near the cresendo 
 When my innuendos elapse... my nezuenno attacks 
 The instrumental elapses, 
 Perhaps that's the only reason that I spared her life 
 You could solo my fuckin' vocals and I still get trife 
 Slice the rhythm... disfigure the face of the groove 
 For any fader that flies or knobs or button that moves 
 Consider this: the loops are similar to clitorises exposed 
 On your miss is a hole, a vicious cycle of SIN! 
 That doesn't end till I stop fuckin' 
 A million emcees and they ain't sayin' nuttin' 
 Ain't fuckin' it right, they ain't fuckin' it right 
 They ain't fuckin' it right, they ain't fuckin' it right 
 They ain't fuckin' it like... ME. 
 (Scratches) 
 She had the nerve to take the case to court 
 Knowin' I rape for sport 
 Took the stand cryin' denying her whole involvement, lying 
 Why would an ex-cop lie in a sex shop, fly linen down grinnin' 
 With my coat over my shoulder sittin' 
 Browsin' pornography (uh!), 
 The stenographer smilin' the whole time 
 While jotting verbal photography 
 Her eyes mahogany 
 I flashed to a photo in my mind of a body bludgeoned with slashed arteries 
 Pardon me, back to the case, slap in the face 
 Examinin' the jury similar to cracking a safe 
 What happens to bass? It was anistic, I would inhale eighths 
 Sniff that, sat her ass all over my face and taste it 
 To hell wit' 1980 remixes, fuck disco 
 Turned on the 3000, stuck my dick where the disc go 
 Yokonaz, ripped the sexy MPC 60, buyin' a ticket to hell 
 Verbally dickin' the 12 down, sound shitty 
 I knew she used to be pretty 
 Too many impotent emcees in this God forsaken city 
 Ain't fuckin' her right, ain't fuckin' her right 
 Ain't fuckin' her like... ME. 
 Consider this: the loops are similar to clitorises exposed 
 On your miss is a hole, a vicious cycle of SIN! 
 That doesn't end till I stop fuckin' 
 A million emcees and they ain't sayin' nuttin' 
 Ain't fuckin' it right, they ain't fuckin' it right 
 They ain't fuckin' it right, they ain't fuckin' it right 
 They ain't fuckin' it right, they ain't fuckin' it right 
 They ain't fuckin' it like... ME.