Get the fuck up! 
 Simon says get the fuck up 
 Throw your hands in the sky 
 Bruisers in the back sippin' 'gnac, y'all what's up? 
 Girls, rub on your titties (yeah!) 
 Yeah I said it, rub on your titties 
 New York City gritty committee pity the fool that 
 Act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty 
 Y'all know the name! 
 Pharoahe fuckin' Monch, ain't a damn thang changed 
 You all up in the Range and shit, inebriated 
 Strayed from your original plan, you deviated 
 I alleviated the pain, with the long-term goals 
 Took my underground loot, without the gold 
 You sold platinum round the world, I sold wood in the hood 
 But when I'm in the street and shit it's all good 
 I'm soon to motivate a room, control the game like Tomb Raider 
 Roc-clock dollars, flip tips like a waiter, block shots 
 Style's greater, let my lyrics anoint 
 If you holdin' up the wall then you missin' the point 
 Get the fuck up! 
 Simon says get the fuck up 
 Put your hands to the sky 
 Brooklyn in the back shootin' crack now what's up? 
 Girlies, rub on your titties (yeah!) 
 Fuck it, I said rub on your titties 
 New York City gritty committee pity the fool that 
 Act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty 
 Yo, where you at? uptown let me see 'em 
 Notorious for the six-fives and the BMs 
 Heads give you beef, you put 'em in the mausoleum 
 And shit don't start pumpin' till after 12 P.M. 
 Uh, ignorant minds, I free 'em 
 If you tired of the same old everyday you will agree I'm 
 The most obligated, hard and R-rated 
 Stated to be the best, I must confess the star made it 
 Some might even say this song is sexist-s-s 
 'Cause I asked the girls to rub on their breasts-s-s 
 Whether you're ridin' the train or in Lexuses 
 This is for either/or Rolies or Timexes-s 
 Wicked like Exorcist, this is the joint 
 You holdin' up the wall, then you missin' the point 
 Get the fuck up! 
 Simon says get the fuck up 
 Throw your hands in the sky 
 The Bronx is in the back shootin' craps now what's up? 
 Girls, rub on your titties (yeah!) 
 I said rub on your titties 
 New York City gritty committee pity the fool that 
 Act shitty in the midst of the calm, the witty 
 New Jeru, get the fuck up! 
 Shaolin, get the fuck up! 
 Long Isle, get the fuck up! 
 Worldwide, get the fuck up!