"Baby!" 
 "X-Ecutioners" "Yeah, yeah, y'all know the name" 
 "Stabbin the track with both hands" 
 "X-Ecutioners" "Yeah, yeah, y'all know the name" 
 "Louder!" 
 "X-Ecutioners" "Yeah, yeah, y'all know the name" 
 "Stabbin the track with both hands" 
 "X-Ecutioners" "Yeah, yeah, y'all know the name" 
 "You out there?" "Louder!" 
 (Pharaohe Monch) 
 This is masterful, classical, material wax, imperial tactics 
 Black shit I master, traps that collapse backwards 
 All area access, passes without practice 
 Hit em, then I'ma shit on 'em and spit on em, and send faxes 
 Maximum amount not the minimal 
 The oratal rock chop like Florida Seminole 
 Subliminal raps which make criminals act bitch 
 Instrumental in creatin' the most pinnacle rap shit 
 Got Toni Braxton lookin' women collapsin 
 My beats get feet to steppin' like Fast Actin' Tinactin' 
 Dominant X-Men conference like actin' 
 Back slap wack rap actors to get a reaction 
 My venom rips tennaments up then I'ma wreck shit 
 Then I'ma flip, administer hits on this next shit 
 Deejays collect tips from them then hit the exit 
 At they show the front row, usually gettin' hectic 
 The X shit 
 "Yeah, yeah, y'all know the name" "X-Ecutioners" 
 "Stabbin the track with both hands, together" 
 "The fall, you out there?" "Louder!" 
 "X-Ecutioners" "Yeah, yeah, y'all know the name" 
 "Stabbin the track with both hands, together" 
 "The fall forever goin' win, you out there?" 
 (Xzibit) 
 Yeah yo, uh-huh, yeah, check it 
 You want to get to my level but you don't hustle enough 
 Any attempts at touching my stuff and I'm fucking you up 
 I'm sick of weak shit winning, nigga yo' rhymes ain't rocking 
 The good life is a bitch, seem like everybody cop blocking 
 The shot clock is running out, gunning out the police 
 I crack the teeth of any nigga with beef 
 Masterpiece, X-Ecutioners, naturally 
 Any problems, come to Los Angele's and ask for me 
 (Inspectah Deck) 
 Yo catastrophe, none can match me, naturally nasty 
 Manually smash ya faculty 
 Veral assault and battery 
 Sparatically blast at the capacity crowd and cause casualties 
 Street savvy, niggas blast me out the Navy 
 Groupie chick wish she could have me 
 XE in back of me, hit like a daiquiri 
 Accurately, ya don't grab me, ya skills still latchkey 
 "Yeah, yeah, y'all know the name" "X-Ecutioners" 
 "Stabbing the track with both hands, together" 
 "The fall, you out there?" "Louder!" 
 "X-Ecutioners" "Stabbin' the track, the track" 
 "With both hands" 
 (Skillz) 
 I got my man Roc Raida on the slash and cut 
 Rob Swift where you at son, the "What What" 
 Sinister make em, now we ready to go 
 Last but not least, total eclipse (What you don't know?) 
 I got a question, who can see him? I don't know 
 But whatever I play, you know that Skillz goin' flow 
 Shit we mastered the feat, you can't bring us (what) 
 Why y'all could crap if why y'all was doing that shit with eight fingers 
 Come on black, we in the Hall of Fame 
 Got ya picture in our crib on the Wall of Shame 
 I expect emcees to want to murder me (what) 
 'Cause when we open up and start cutting, you wish you was in surgery 
 You see the X? Hardly 
 Here's some on-offs nigga take yo' ass back to doing parties 
 You're better off if somebody shoot ya 
 And change ya name to DJ I-Got-Beat-By-The-X-Ecutioners 
 "Yeah, yeah, y'all know the name" "X-Ecutioners" 
 "Stabbin' the track with both hands... together" 
 "The fall, you out there?" "Fifty thou in the stands" 
 "X-Ecutioners" "Ya, ya, y'all know the name" 
 "Stabbin the track with both hands, together" 
 "The fall, forever goin' win" "You out there?" "Louder!" 
 "Why y'all know the name"