(2x) 
 Lord, lord, lord 
 Well well well well well... 
 Help me cleanse my sins 
 Help me lift this spell 
 We fight demons from our past only to face new monsters 
 I ask, are we comatose or unconscious? 
 My top spin's perpetual, make the connection 
 You sleep cause reality bites; inception 
 Protection orders for my Post Traumatic Stress Disorder 
 Molested Mexican daughters, stretch across the border 
 The streets paved in gold often fade 
 When the paint they use to pave the streets is henna 
 And greener is the grass on the other side 
 Except for when that other side is geno 
 Or sewer (sui-cide), you smile while you sippin' a cup of Kahlua 
 That makes me wanna mainline a fucking fifth of Dewars 
 I'm trying to utilize my time to shine here 
 I realize we only have limited time here 
 Dudes on my line try'na sell me a timeshare 
 That'll be me with a nine losin' my mind in Time Square 
 Like, "Is this how you wanna treat me? 
 You know what this business was before you hired me 
 A piece of shit! 
 Everybody on the floor right now! 
 Everybody get the fuck down!" 
 (2x) 
 Lord, lord, lord 
 Well well well well well... 
 Help me cleanse my sins 
 Help me lift this spell 
 La-la-la-last ye-ye-year they hired me 
 And this-s-s-s we-we-we-we-week the-the-they fired me 
 And I g-g-g-got all these b-b-b-b-bills to pay 
 And what the f-f-f-f-fu-f-f-fuck am I supposed to say 
 T-t-t-t-to my wife she's p-p-p-p-pregnant 
 And if the kid does not go to college his life's irrelevant 
 And my-my-my melanin-n-n-n makes me a felon 
 And-nd I just wanna take this fuckin' c-c-crack and sell it 
 To the planet; 
 Panic, I'm a manic depressive mechanic that manages to frantically do damage 
 To his brain with Xanax, and it's, like the word "anxiety" is branded panoramic 
 To the back of my eyelids in a variety of fonts 
 Ariel, Bold, Gothic 
 Lost it in Time Square and going home is not an option 
 Is this illusion optic (?) 
 Perhaps it's just a chemical reaction with my Zoloft and acidophilus 
 The section of my brain that forms sentences isn't operative 
 Danger! Danger! Danger, Will Robinson 
 A bizarre ride, Pharcyde, Fatlip, Collagen 
 My tolerance is volatile and it feels like I'm losing oxygen! 
 (2x) 
 Lord, lord, lord 
 Well well well well well... 
 Help me cleanse my sins 
 Help me lift this spell