I now pronounce you husband and wife 
 You may kiss the bride 
 Cops comin', shots fired, babies cry, I cry 
 Wishin' I could change but this is just my life 
 Cops comin', shots fired, babies cry, I cry 
 Wishin' I could change but this is just my life 
 God, why is my wife bleedin?? 
 Sheet covers her face, paramedics are leavin'? 
 Her eyes are closed, it's apparent she's not breathin? 
 I'm a little confused about what it is I'm seein? 
 Plus, there's a naked man on my lawn 
 Police in the livin' room with all of they guns drawn 
 Out and the last thing I remember is 
 Uh, last thing I remember is 
 I received a text page from Julio 
 Who expressed that I left my cell phone in the studio 
 Right underneath the disc with the Pro Tools 
 Next to a six pack of O'Douls and some soul food 
 Yeah, and I was on my way home 
 Exit the expressway to use the payphone 
 But fuck it, 'cause my wife isn't back from her trip 
 I sneak [Incomprehensible] into the house 
 And she'll never expect it, except that 
 Cops comin', shots fired, babies cry, I cry 
 Wishin' I could change but this is just my life 
 Cops comin', shots fired, babies cry, I cry 
 Wishin' I could change but this is just my life 
 He put the gun in my hand 
 Told me go take my revenge 
 Killin' him won't make it go away 
 It's only gon? bring more pain 
 I tied his hands behind his back to the night stand, fast 
 Ropes made bruises on his light skinned ass 
 See, I can play games too 
 Yeah, that's what I told him when he came to 
 Now look, see what the game and the fame do? 
 Made a deranged mind out of someone in your same crew 
 Fuck man, we grew up together 
 Run DMC, tougher than leather 
 With the same outfits, forty deuce 
 Takin' flicks like what, shit 
 Why did you fuck my wife, man? 
 You should've took my life, man 
 I switched the gun into my right hand 
 The sweat accumulated on his forehead, I saw red, he said 
 Now was it worth it, man? 
 Was it everythin' you imagined? Was it perfect? 
 He put the gun in my hand 
 Told me go take my revenge 
 Killin' him won't make it go away 
 It's only gon' bring more pain 
 He put the gun in my hand and told 
 Told me to go take my revenge 
 Killin' him won't make it go away, no 
 It's only gon' bring more pain 
 Took you to be my lawfully wedded wife 
 To have, to hold, to love and cherish but 
 Death did us apart, what a coincidence 
 Now, perhaps the police will be convinced 
 That it was an accident 
 If I'm accurate and careful with the evidence 
 This motherfucker trespassin? up my residence 
 And to believe those vile set a precedence 
 From the start I should have been obvious, I never did 
 Prevalent, the wicked debauchery and decadence 
 Was carried out with such masterful excellence 
 And this is the stick where you rip my heart 
 It was natural to transform murder into art 
 And the weight of my conscience would knowingly carry 
 365 days to the date that we was married 
 Thoughts of how would achieve the murder would vary 
 We're closer than ever, together we'll be buried 'cause 
 Evil eyes that bide, how they go 
 You [Incomprehensible] lied to me, what did they see? 
 I just lost control, had to let you go 
 I cry but slowly you try, so slowly you die 
 Buried alive in the grave, too exhausted to climb out 
 Before dirt was tossed on me, come to find out 
 Old friend of mine she sleepin' with committed the crime 
 In the past three years, switched identities six times 
 And all the while I'm devoted to love and loyalty 
 They plotted on my publishin? checks and royalties 
 She's thinkin' it's true love, he's scammin? her for the quop 
 [Incomprehensible] to devise my own intuitive plot 
 Put the pros on him, launched the probe on him 
 Now harm him, pen him, get him exactly where I wanted him 
 Cornered him, now his mission is aborted 
 You are about to be professionally extorted 
 Guess who you're 'bout to murder tonight? 
 Miss pretty brown eyes while she sleeps under the moonlight 
 Do it and bounce, the keys to the crib, you'll find under the mat 
 In the front of the house, just do it, word out 
 Evil eyes that bide, how they go 
 You [Incomprehensible] lied to me, what did they see? 
 I just lost control, had to let you go 
 I cry but slowly you try, so slowly you die