(Young Zee) 
 Who fuckin' wit us? 
 Nobody 
 One more time, nobody 
 Nobody 
 Yeah, hah 
 And we don't appreciate (what the fuck?) 
 People throwin' they little two cents in (Outsidaz) 
 Spreadin' rumors (rah digga, young zee) 
 (Pacewon) 
 All grace, Pace the MC with great powers 
 Niggaz play my tape and blank out for eight hours 
 At 9 PM you get caught up in my rhyme flow 
 Then before you know it, it's morning/Mourning like Alonzo (good morning) 
 To the beat y'all, I mack like Peetie Wheatstraw 
 Girls say my speech, y'all inflated like a beach ball 
 Ya see the misfits and real sister's Digga (yeah Pace!) 
 Niggaz know we Soul 4 Real like the singers 
 To the fiends, my tape's like a drug now 
 Rappers smokin' it, choke and spit blood out 
 MCs watch me, clock me, keep charts 
 I'm a seat and they refuse to get up like Rosa Parks (sit down) 
 All MC's, here to Vancouver 
 Pace carry cans of pubic lice remover (yeah) 
 For crab MC-type intruders, I carry cans of pubic lice remover 
 High as fuck, drunk off the chardonay 
 Pacewon, represent the Garden State 
 Machete sharpener, Kurrupt like Daz's partner 
 Dark, too smart to fake moves like Ron Harper 
 I wil' on jokers more than Oprah got papes 
 And live to stop fakes like anti-lock brakes 
 When the cops chase I fiend like a crack buyer 
 To locate the joints pointed at this rap guy, ah 
 Weave a spell to make they're guns backfire 
 And hit their Michelins, giving them a flat tire 
 Foul to Cali, renowned, too (??) 
 Stroke up and down through pussy that will drown you 
 This is for MCs soundin' like me 
 Pace Won, I tell 'em not to dick ride me 
 Yeah, for crab MCs type intruders 
 I carry cans of pubic lice remover 
 (Chorus: Young Zee) 
 Who the fuck in here can rock like me? 
 (Zee, Digga, Pace): Nobody! 
 And what the fuck click get more props than we? 
 Nobody! 
 Who want to get it on with the O-U-Tz? 
 Nobody! Nobody! 
 Who the fuck in here can rock like Zee? 
 Nobody! 
 What the fuck click get more props than we? 
 Nobody! 
 Who want to get it on with the O-U-Tz? 
 Nobody, nobody! 
 (Pace Won) 
 From the door I despise you 
 Say one word I'ma fuck you up worse than St. Ide's do 
 So don't blast off, mouth get gassed off 
 And say something I'm gon' have to whip that ass for (we gon jump you!) 
 'Nuff said, talk and get your fly ass caught up in my web 
 Sit and break bread, shake hands and make friends, cop a grey Benz 
 Got you like heavy metal, rock until the tape ends 
 (Young Zee) 
 And I can't forget the heads that get me high for free 
 That liked my shit back when we was rockin' Lees 
 And them fake niggaz always think of robbin' Zee 
 They just mad 'cause they don't get more fucking props than we 
 (Pacewon) 
 Yo- men like me play with swords like Zorro 
 Fags like you could test positive tomorrow (for AIDS) 
 You gay as Rock Hudson, puffin' 
 Playin' like you somethin', frontin', suckin' 
 More dick than hoes do, parallel parkin' 
 Jump out your car then walk like Dolly Parton (lil' chicken) 
 This for the crews soundin' like us 
 Outsidaz, try not to dick ride us 
 Break it down 
 Outhouse 
 Who can rock like Zee? 
 Nobody, nobody 
 Outhouse 
 Yeah Yeah, what up? 
 Who the fuck in here can rock like Zee? 
 Nobody! 
 What the fuck click get more props than we? 
 Nobody! 
 Who want to get it on with the O-U-Tz? 
 Nobody, nobody, what? 
 Who the fuck in here can rock like P-A-C-E? 
 There's nobody, nobody nobody... 
 And who get more props than Zee? 
 Nobody! 
 Who wanna fight me? 
 Nobody, nobody! 
 [Digga] Uh, Rah Digga, nobody... 
 [Zee] In the Outhouse world, there's still nobody that can fuck... uh