Man... I know it gets hard sometimes 
 And to be honest this life doesn't seem that fair at times 
 But I understand that we serve a great God who's sovereign 
 He's got everything in control and, even though it looks dim man, trust in Him 
 We grew up on the same block, handling the same rock 
 The Skip to My Lou, my little crew on the black top 
 My big homey (incomprehensible), always dying for me, 
 Older, so I looked up to him dawg he was like family 
 The coolest of the cool, and, almost through his school but, 
 During the last week he got broken off with the heat 
 Now he's gone and his kids are left alone 
 It's got me peeping Solomon for more than just his Song (ecclessiastes? 
 I wish I could turn back the hands of time 
 For all the people who lost a loved one and felt like they was gone before they time 
 But instead I'll encourage us to put our trust in Jesus 
 And know that God is sovereign it all happens for a reason 
 Keep your eyes to the hills and believe that help is on the way 
 Although the sky is black, He promises a brighter day 
 Weeping man, endure for a night 
 I know its hard to wait patiently, so I pray He strengthens you in the wait 
 When you feel all alone 
 When your father's not at home 
 When your joy turns to gray 
 You can turn and call on Jesus name 
 Cast your burdens on the Lord 
 When life seems too hard 
 He won't allow you to be moved 
 And I know He will sustain you. 
 There's so much pain the city streets, check the city peeps 
 We're in perilous times which means that pain is sure to increase 
 So I, do this ballad for the beautiful babies gone now 
 And for the families who too afraid to leave home now 
 Like the family in Chicago who's daughter was ten 
 And at a birthday party, she was taken from them 
 I write this song for my neighbors on this side of my state, 
 Who had lives, but watched Katrina wash it away. 
 Plus, I know the pain of a life without your father 
 Even have the chance to meet him but you think why even bother 
 Because you don't really miss nothing you never really had 
 But that thinking leaves you lonely, still longin' for your dad 
 Man, if we would only take the truth of text 
 Read lamentations 3:32 for the rest 
 And see the truth that the Father loves us 
 Even though He brings calamity, He gives us compassion like hugstaz 
 When you feel all alone 
 When your father's not at home 
 When your joy turns to gray 
 You can turn and call on Jesus name 
 We live in a world, and when it rains and pours - I know it does man 
 And when bad things happen to good people in this world man 
 When the poor get poorer and the richer have the upper hand 
 Where pain is related to actions, so no one moves and 
 It's hard for us to understand the ways of life 
 Take my cousin last year for example when she lost her life 
 To a drunk diver, now she was sweeter than Godiva 
 They said she died on impact and this dude was the survivor 
 I recognize, that life brings pain that will cease for a time 
 And then it returns but we long for a consistent peace of mind (Lord) 
 So I present Jesus for those who feel burdened 
 The same God who allows evil, steps sin and gets spurned for it 
 Ambassador said one day we will cry no more 
 But in the meantime go and cast your cares on the Lord! 
 'Cause he cares for you, psalms 55 and 22 (psalm 55:22) 
 Gives us the proof that this God will see you through. 
 When you feel all alone 
 When your father's not at home 
 When your joy turns to gray 
 You can turn and call on Jesus name 
 Amen. He cares man. Even when it seems dark, He cares. The Father loves us. He cares for us man. Please believe me, He loves you.