(Go Through the Motions) 
 Steppin' in and I'm checkin' out the scene, 
 Fresh pressed, creased out, man you know yo' boy be clean (clean); 
 Hand claps, toe tappin' while the choir raise a song, 
 Folks shoutin' now the reverend's up you know it won't be long 
 Passa holler 'bout a hour and I'm thankin' 'bout the game 
 People peepin at the clock (whoop) every Sunday it's the same 
 Alter call, preacher's hoopin', church open up the doors 
 Leave a tip then I dip, next week I'm back fo' mo' 
 Church! 
 Steppin' out the house so fresh, clean 
 Tailored suites and gator boots/Italian names in the inseam 
 Summer heat encumber teens, forced to wear them pants with pleats 
 Sunday morning uniform/like we soldiers, like Marines 
 Off to Sunday School with mama 'nem/like it was a job for them 
 I'd hear the same Word but different meanings like with homonyms 
 Time and time again/'cause I'm praying that the time would end 
 Man Saturday must be my crime/my Sunday's doing time again 
 You feel me man, I know you do/some of y'all still going through 
 Most of us just learn the motions just so we can make it though 
 I mean, no one ever showed us how this thing was vital for life 
 And that the church was not a building/but the body of the Christ 
 Man, you hear that? 
 Did you hear that? 
 It's so dope. 
 But we just don't get it. 
 Something this good... man. 
 (Go through the motions) 
 Same time each week 
 Jesus must know me 
 'Cause I'm heatin' up a seat 
 In the church, church 
 (Sunrise, eleven thirty 
 You can be late but don't leave early) 
 (Go through the motions) 
 The Devil is a hater 
 He can't touch me 
 'Cause I'm blessed and highly favored 
 Church, church 
 (I've got to be in that place 
 Sunday I'm go'n show my face in the church) 
 The Church, chosen in Christ in eternity. 
 The Church is not a building, it's breathing. 
 Maturing Christians in communal living, helping babes that are teething. 
 You can have perfect attendance in the seat of the building and not be apart of this. 
 You can attend the building and not be apart of the body of Christ... it's obvious. 
 I'm blessed and highly favored and because of this Jesus Christ is blessed and highly treasured. The greatest gift that God could give is God... so see and savor Him!