Hook - Natalie Lauren: 
 Love it never leaves 
 Love it never 
 Love it never leaves 
 I know love don't feel that same way it use to 
 Strangers in the same bed I know you're 
 Questioning about 'cause I know this 
 It's all on your face 
 And lately lately we've been so distant 
 Baby I wish things could be different 
 I won't stop searching for what we're missin' 
 So don't walk away 
 Cause love it never leaves 
 Love it never leaves 
 Love it never leaves 
 Love it never leaves 
 Oh no no 
 Uh, yeah, tell her I'll be working late 
 Frustrated sometimes at how we're communicating 
 Trying to make it like it was when we were kids 
 Simple, but it's difficult, and we're just trying to live 
 Trying to make it 
 She say that she can't take it 
 Growing up by the minute, in an hour she won't feel it 
 Is this the end, and is it finished? 
 Can't we make it work? 
 All these romance and love songs, she seem to make it worse! 
 Empty gestures, to try and bring back our yester 
 Day, week, month, year, baby, are you still here? 
 Please, I know that this is not what you expected 
 In your picture perfect image, you're imagining reflected 
 I accept it, I mistakes with your heart 
 I was gone, you were distant, guess that's how we grow apart! 
 But I want you, no, I need you, and I mean that! 
 I don't wanna lose you, I hope you see that! 
 Is it one of those days? 'cause I feel fed up! 
 Feel like you're sucking your ways, and you won't let up! 
 Question, like persecution, no retribution 
 Enough is enough, and I don't know what I'm doing! 
 Got the weight of the world on me, can you help me out? 
 Don't add to the low, please, I'm really stressing out! 
 Thinking the grass is greener when you're single 
 Sick and tired of arguing, so I change my demeanor 
 She wants to talk, I say we do! 
 She says that we're not friends, and I just say it's you! 
 We feel like strangers, but what's stranger is this feeling! 
 Love never leaves, if it's true, I hope it soon makes an appearance!